3.5 Stars - We stayed here for three nights on our recent trip to Chicago. $200/night, they put us on the HIlton Honors floor (#15)- nice n quiet- we were on the inside rooms so no city view, just a view of the workout room- wah Room was decorated in 20's Art Deco style with lime green accents and the ever present Peacock theme that is evident in the whole hotel. King sized bed, crib was in room as requested, no feather pillows as requested, got to use the short check-in line as an Honors member...room was clean and the daily maid did a wonderful job upholding that standard!! All in all a good experience in a great location 2 blocks walking from the lakeshore. Details: Pool- indoors, good...super small for such a huge hotel,add in a few unruly teens and some crappy parents and you have an unusable pool for a baby=bad Good thing they have GREAT BEACHES in Chicago! Dennis was always at the door, helping to get us cabs and assistance getting our bags upstairs. I think his title should be Chicago Ambassador, as he recommended the absolute best beach for us to go to with a young child and seemed to be able to make conversation with pretty much anyone. Good asset to the hotel. The Bathroom- normally I give Hiltons 5 stars but they fell down on the bathroom. Granite and tile with the oversized bowl sink...stylish but MAN WAS THAT SPACE CRAMPED. There was no countertop, so nowhere to put our deoderant, makeup, etc except on the back of le toilette, which isn't very sanitary, no? This did not feel like a $200/night bathroom Starbucks inside, nice to have so convenient although servers were a little curt and super slow for coffee shop workers (maybe they are immune to caffeine at this point) Ambiance- the lobby and hotel itself is truly big-city magnificent - there was a wedding there while we were there and I can understand why - the work on the ceiling was done by a guy who worked on the Sistene Chapel and there are works of art all around. - If we had just come here for drinks and dinner I would have given this place 5 stars easily for environment alone. Elegant. History- they have the pictures of all of the performers around the hotel, great names that everyone recognizes who came to perform back in the day- the peacock door has a placard next to it explaining the history...just cool to be in a place that's been around so long, it was around when they hosted the World Fair- that's OOOLLLLDD,. Room service- GREAT caesar salad but a salad, club sammie and mac n cheese bites plus two drinks cost $91 - really? Yikes, next time Imma take my lazy pants downstairs and next door Internet Access- I brought my laptop but they tried to charge me $7.50/hour or $15/24 hrs for internet access -There was NO WIRELESS and that's WAY too much to charge me for a basic service- I need internet to check flights, do some work, stream my kid's Dora movies....Even the Best Western gives it for free, what's up Hilton? Don't be cheap with me, I'm not cheap with you or your employees. Yes I'd go back but there's something like 5 Hiltons in Chicago so next time we're likely to try another one.
