I stayed here in July '08 for 4 nights and wasn't blown away by the hotel. I struggled between a 3 & 4 star because I expected more since it was "The Drake" but overall my stay was fine. Although it does have the historic charm, the location is great and the service was ok overall, there were little things that I didn't particularly care for which is why I gave it a 3 star rating. If I could, I would of given it a 3.5 star rating. 1. When we first checked in, they gave us a room that was not made. The bed looked like someone had laid on top of it, there was garbage in the trash can etc. I went downstairs and they changed my room but I didn't like that the person from the front desk went to the back office to check to make sure that the room really wasn't made. 2. I assume the elevators are still from the 1920's because they move incredibly slow. Doesn't sound like a big deal but when you have to wait several elevators (they are full from so many people waiting) in order to finally get in one during peak times (ie. check out time etc.) it's a little annoying.  3. It was pretty warm when we were there and we wanted to get ice. Well the ice machine on our floor was broken. When I flagged down someone that worked there to tell him, he said that I'd have to go to a different floor and try the machines there. I would think being a high end hotel, I expected him to have offered to get some for us but I guess I was expecting too much. 4. The room itself was ok although I thought the carpet needed to be changed. It looked really used and worn in and definitely needs to be updated. The bed was comfortable though which is a big plus in my book. One of the good things about the hotel was the gym. The gym had just been remodeled and it's very nice. There are some cardio and weight machines. There is also a section that had free weights too and there are flat screen tv's there too. Overall I wouldn't mind staying at the Drake again but I don't think I'd go out of my way to stay there again.
