stayed five nights here for a conference last summer. this was the chosen conference hotel so this was where we stayed.  what i loved: the hotel is gorgeous. the lobby &amp; ballrooms speak to an era of opulent charm. i think i gave myself a stiff neck because i couldn't help looking up at the beautiful architecture. the doormen &amp; bellmen are super duper friendly and helpful.  it is located in the middle of everything. there is so much to see and do and it's all a nice, leisurely walk or cab ride away. shopping! there are several stores lining the block of the hotel, and even more a little ways down if you don't mind the walk. what i didn't like: while the hotel didn't lack for elevators to get you to your room, if you had other people in your party who were staying on a different floor, there was a big chance you had to hop onto a different elevator from the one servicing your floor to access their room. cell phone reception in some of the rooms sucks. especially if you have at&amp;t. i thought i'd be fine with my iphone as my internet connection, but i couldn't get a signal in my room. if i walked down the hall towards the elevators i got full bars. but that's not convenient when it's 2 am and you want to make a phone call home. other reviewers are not kidding when they say the walls are paper thin. you can hear full on conversations from people walking down the halls and in adjacent rooms. luckily, no one was staying in the room next to me. it's almost like a lottery on what size room you will get. i booked all the rooms for our staff (single occupancy king beds) and some people got large rooms, some got closet sized spaces. my room was fine since i was the only one staying in it, and i actually had a large bathroom compared to other co-workers rooms. the reason was my room was renovated for ADA accessibility, so i had a wider door and railings in the restroom, a lower closet rod, and a second peephole at belly-button height. good for accommodating someone in a wheelchair or a little person. not so good when you're an average height person and you need to hang some long dresses. for the number of rooms the hotel boasts (over 1,000) and it's ability to accommodate conference crowds), i wasn't too pleased with the concierge/housekeeping accessibility. i called each at least three times during my stay and was left each time with an endlessly ringing phone. hotel amenities are not free?! it costs extra to use the hotel pool and the gym?! now that is an extreme rip-off, expecially when lots of folks are paying a couple hundred bucks per night's stay. even when i asked for an extended check-out from 11 AM to 12:30 PM, i was told it would be a $25 charge. overall, it did it's job in providing a safe, comfortable place to stay while in chicago. i would stay here again, but it probably wouldn't be my first choice of places to stay.
