I actually got a room for $60, including fees, through the Priceline "pick your price" promotion. I was really nervous about staying here because the reviews were so mixed. When we arrived we were relieved because the lobby is a lot nicer than the photos show. The parking was $15 but that was okay because it's expensive to park anywhere in Chicago. The staff were very friendly and quick. We were in town for a show at The Vic which was a short 15 minute walk! We felt safe in the neighborhood and there is a lot to do in the area. We stayed in a room with one double bed. Our room ended up being on the 4th floor in the stairwell (418 to be exact). It was small but it was fine for the two of us. The bathroom was very clean but the door didn't open past the toilet! It wasn't an issue for us but we thought it was a little odd. The room itself was clean except for a few hairs on our pillow cases (luckily we had brought our own). The bed was not the best bed ever but I could fall asleep fairly quickly on it. We thought the art hanging above the bed could stand to be changed and the walls need to be painted or wallpapered or something. Unfortunately there were some other guests that felt the stairwell would be a great place to fight and make noise from about 2:00 am until 6:00am. They were literally 5 feet from our room door. We heard a lot of door slamming and stomping around. I know this isn't the hotels fault but IF YOU STAY HERE REQUEST A DIFFERENT ROOM! We maybe got 3 hours of sleep. The breakfast was nothing special. The bagels were really hard but it was free so we didn't complain. The free wi-fi is very slow and won't work with any apps on a tablet/touch pad, just an internet browser because you have to "log in" every time you want to access something. It's not really worth using but will get the job done if you really need it. They also offer free coffee and hot tea in the lobby 24/7. We thought that was nice, especially because we were walking in the cold. Overall for the deal we got and the location it was not bad at all. We'll probably stay here again but just request a room not in the stairwell.
