The 4 stars are for the hotel tranquility suite and lounge. The spa was horendous, 0 stars. SPA - MASSAGE: The massage I asked for was a deep tissue massage. She asked what I wanted the focus on, I said back.  The pressure was too weak. She spent too much time on the legs and arms and not what I asked for which was my back.  Definitely a waste of money. SPA -FACIAL: I got the microdermabrasion facial. It was OK, But very poor on extractions. SPA facilities- poor, the lockers did not work, I had to switch two times before one worked to lock properly. The lockers were way to small for winter wear. There are not enough sink area in the women's spa. There is not makeup seat area. The sitting room was too small for the amount of people. The spa handlers did not care or notice that there was not enough room in the seating room. The SPA was very disappointing. However, the HOTEL and Club (Vertigo) were ok,pretty nice. HOTEL- TRANQUILITY SUITE - rm 901 Bathroom- The bathroom mirrors with the built in lights are great. However, there was no makeup seat in there. Don't they think what a lady would like? The Shower was very large with two benches. It is a shower for two and it would have been wonderful if the side jets were working, but they were not. The water pressure on the handheld jet was extreme and I loved it. Great bathrobe. Bed- too soft. Firm mattress with a euro top is the only way to go. Living room section- Nice flooring. Nice wine selection. Movie selection was bad, I wanted to see the Facebook movie, but not available. poor movie selection, needs more intellectual-type, based on true story, movies and more cerebral comedies. 2 balconies, nice views, cute, there was snow on the ledges, awww. I love the amount of light and the different window shading that is available to block out the light. LOUNGE (Vertigo)- very nice bartender. very nice host guys that gave us a blanket when we went outside to sit by the firepit in the external winter bar. kind of cool. Nice view, nice feel to the place. cool without trying too hard or being snobby. Instead helpful as a place should be to its clientele.
