I am a road warrior. I have stayed in some of the finest hotels in the world. I've stayed in some of the worst. The "Towers" has hosted me on more than one occasion for different conferences over the years. I've always found the staff gracious, friendly and professional. I will admit it's not a Four Seasons, Mandarin Oriental or Ritz Carlton, and on a hotel scale that is the ONLY reason I would think to not give five stars, but for their hotel class, I'm very comfortable giving the five-star rating. The "Towers" is clean, well-appointed and has a great location on the river. You can walk everywhere. So what I am writing about today is the absolute ABOVE AND BEYOND service my boyfriend and I received from, yes, San Diego. "San Diego", you're asking? Yep. We decided to send his parents here (who live an hour away from in Indiana) as part of a wine and dine Chicago weekend as a combined anniversary/Christmas gift. I called the hotel ahead of time to tell them about this special couple and to ask if there was any way they would consider a room upgrade. **DISCLAIMER: Now I want to make something really clear here. There are times that hotels just do not have the ability or the room to give out upgrades. So please don't think you'll read my review and magically get upgrades just because you ask for one. It helps that this was Chicago in the winter, and thus there was more likelihood for upgrade availability. Well, I received a voicemail at my office from a lovely lady who let me know they would be upgrading my boyfriend's parents to a club level suite. On top of that they also informed me they would be giving them an anniversary amenity, and assured us everything would be great with their stay. They emailed the credit card authorization forms and got everything taken care of in advance of their arrival so all they had to do was RELAX! When my boyfriend's dad - who is an extremely even keeled man- called to let us know they had checked in, he was actually choked up! It is not about a "club level suite" or the amenity. It *IS* about making a very special couple know that they are just that - special. My written thank-you will be following, but I cannot stress enough that if you just ask nicely, even if you can't always be accommodated, the staff will do what they can to make you comfortable. While in Chicago I do have many options and several hotels I do absolutely enjoy. However, the "Towers" will be my home away from home of choice for not just talking the talk, but walking the walk. HUGE THUMBS UP on my Thumbs Up list! and I mean HUUUUGE!
