The lesson from such old hotels is that - sitting on your laurels results in butt rash. The location is wonderfully convenient. The rooms? Tiny as hell and the walls that separate them are thin as can be. I was treated to a rather spectacular fight from a somewhere-in-the-vicinity room at 2 am. There's nothing special about the rooms. The bedding is just "meh". On the 9th floor, the air conditioning never seems to be correct It was colder in the room than it was in the refrigerator. Speaking of odd things, there's no dresser space. Where am I supposed to store my man panties? There's a closet, but honestly - I'm not going to hang my Andrew Christians up. Drawer space! Whatever space there might have been under the giant TV was taken up with the minibar offerings. The bathroom was very nice and had a tub, which I prefer over a standing shower - as long as it's clean. The Drake does housekeeping very well. Excellent soaps, shampoo, conditioner & body creams as well. As pointed out by Omar, there's no wifi in the rooms. So, be prepared to shell out $12.95 a day for internet access that requires an ethernet jack or bring your own internet access stick. The food, though, was quite good and I have to give the Drake a lot of praise for doing gluten free very well.  I can take a so-so room. I can't take terrible food. This was pretty darned good, and I was the envy of my colleagues all week, as my employer arranged for special meals at breakfast and lunch. If you have mobility issues, this could be a rough patch if you're using the meeting space. Lots of stairs. Frankly, I loved the stairs. It was the only exercise I got - and I did lust for the very nice gym which features Precor equipment across multiple rooms.  The front desk staff is superb and the security is very good. I got the fish eye once or twice as I meandered back from Jamba Juice. Perhaps it was the tight jeans and t-shirt? I just didn't dress the part of a Drake guest, perhaps. The hotel itself is extraordinarily convenient to shopping. Gucci is across the street, and that's just the start of the permanent damage you can do to your credit rating.  Rush Street is about a 5 minute walk away.
