This location is, as the 2-Star rating says, Meh, I've experienced better. It's just like any other Embassy Suites, beautiful atrium, free cocktail hr, free hot continental breakfast, staff was nice, concierge was awesome and helpful-- all things great right? Well... The hotel slipped a letter under our door informing us of the $millions that they spent renovating the hotel and rooms... From the condition of our hotel, we could NOT tell. There were chips in the wall of the tub and there were spots of mildew, the room had a peculiar odor, the lighting in the bedroom was horrible and the A/C was loud and annoying. To top it off, we had some issues with billing. When you checkout, any hotel on this planet is supposed to provide you with a receipt with any possible charges that you are responsible for, KEYWORDs: Supposed To!!! But the gentleman at the front desk said that since my Mom was using her HHonors points "Everything will be taken care of", well, long story short, it wasn't and there were some ridiculous charges that they were throwing at us and all these issues could have been taken care of before we left but we had to deal with this issue weeks after we checked out, damn tards. Other than my 2nd and 3rd paragraphs, I have to say that the hotel is in an OK location. If you're coming to Chicago for the first time, I'd suggest something closer to Navy Pier or on the Loop because this was pretty far from all the tourist attractions. Other than Portillos, McDonalds and Walgreens, you pretty much have to take a cab or walk for miles to get to where you want to get to. Thankfully the concierge was AWESOME. Phillip was so nice and sweet and is the only saving grace for this 2-Star instead of 1-Star rating. He mentioned a tour, one of those Hop-On, Hop-Off tours that was WAY better than paying a cab fee. It was about $27 a person and it took you to all the tourist attractions. Love him! Return stay is not in our future, we will look to the other locations... But can we take Phillip with us?
