Wow, what a disappointment! Don't want to be vulgar, but this place is a real s**t hole. No doubt. The Hilton name implies a certain level of quality. Yeah, but that died when Conrad Hilton passed away. Hilton is going down rapidly and this hotel proves my point. In a city like Chicago, with all the top-shelf hotels one may choose from, this is one to avoid like the plague! The carpet in the common areas is filthy, worn and threadbare. The chairs in the common area as the same: dirty, worn and threadbare, and so 40 years ago. The styles are out-of-date, the colors are sad, the paint is blistering and peeling, and overall the hotel is just depressing! And yes, I know the historic background to this hotel and no, the 'out-of-date' motif is not my misunderstanding of the property's history. Trust me, it's awful! The bank of elevators is stunning in its lack of thought and design. There are ten elevators, five on each side. As you press the ONLY elevator request button (yes, one button for all ten elevators) one notices the paint that is blistering, cracking, peeling, dirty, nicked and overall more like you'd expect to see in a horror film psychiatric hospital. And the detail of the ceiling's woodwork? It's been painted so many times the relief and detail is filling in with layers upon layers of paint. Yuk! The room itself has a nice modern flat screen television with beds that are 30 years out-of-date, bathrooms that are out-of-date and feel unclean containing soap and shampoo selections that disappoint.  The breakfast buffet in Buckingham's is another disappointing feature. I went there three times as there was little other choice. On Saturday I could tell the oatmeal was left over from Friday, as were the 'eggs' if you want to call them eggs. How could I tell? They were dry and almost had a crust on them from being in storage overnight. NOT appetizing. The exhibit halls are dungeon-like as they are down in the bowels of the hotel. Columns block walking paths and views. The exhibit halls become a labyrinth and, as a result, it is difficult to find much of anything. Here for a meeting? Good luck! Planning a meeting here? AVOID it. Overall, this hotel is simply as sad and depressing as it gets. This is the type of hotel where one would expect to find the businessman (or woman) swinging from a bed sheet while hanging from the shower head in a last-ditch effort to escape this depressing property. Quick! Run! Run to any other hotel in the city as there are many, many better hotels charging a similar rate.
