Ok...so this place isn't for anyone and I hated it when I first walked in. By the time I left, I'd gotten used to the place and even kind of forgot some of the negatives. It was an average stay. Room size for several rooms is EXTREMELY small. I think they tried to do what they could with what they had. It is, after all, a vintage 1926 building. I was extremely disappointed with the room size, and, at first, put off by the decor. My eyes eventually settled and adjusted though. Also, it seems to make sense with the boutique theme of the hotel. On the positive, the service was good but uneven at times. "Superbad" at the counter was wonderful and even showed my friend and I a bigger room because we had asked to see one. Other front desk folks were average to below average for a four star place. I never used the concierge. The doormen were friendly and helpful. Location is good. Readily accessible to the Washington/Wells station on the "L". Also several bus lines run nearby. You are literally next door to Chicago City Hall and in the same building as the Cadillac Theatre and a few minutes walk from the iconic Chicago Theatre and the Oriental Theatre. You're about a 10-15 minute walk from the Willis Tower and about two blocks south of the Chicago River.  The free wine is a great amenity nightly, and they bring some nice appetizers over from the 312 Chicago...a restaurant that is co-located in the building. The food was good (had room service breakfast) and the amenities were enjoyable.  Beds were nice and comfy. Showers good and powerful. The housekeeping crew was tremendously nice and helpful. The place is brand new and clean having just been renovated last year. Negatives? The wireless internet was a continuous problem. Two days, it worked fabulously, and two days it just plain was un-usably slow. I had to go down to the lobby. The maintenance crew barged in on me after two quick knocks one day. I get why they did it, but I still don't get the decor for sure. It's such a mismash of things. My bathroom in my room was very small. The sink was very odd, too. It tended to allow water to swash out everywhere. If you're expecting a run-of-the-mill hotel experience, go to the Holiday Inn. This is a boutique hotel, and it will not appeal to everyone. I appreciate what Kimpton is trying to do with this property. It's definitely a different experience than I've ever had at another hotel.  I might take another shot at the Allegro with another room someday. Fun and disappointment mixed together for an average stay.
