The James is an impossible boyfriend. Good-looking, smart, socially-conscious, cultured and playful. If he were a person, I'd imagine The James to kill in a suit, and dazzle just as well wearing nothing at all. Not to out-do you, but rather to elevate you. That's The James. You. Elevated. And from the start too. No coyness, no incessant wishing and hoping and waiting. He's straightforward. From the time you make reservations, concessions are made, no details are spared. It's courtship from the get-go. I'm still considered new to the city, having moved back only in October 2008. So I get to do all the touristy things and do them with glee. It's true. No sighing or eye-rolling here. I relish it all and challenge stereotypes. For my husband's birthday this year, everything seemed trite. He has enough Ben Sherman to start a boutique (though I did get him a wonderful black nylon jacket: http://tinyurl.com/qnc73p. More for me than for him, ya dig?? :-), he wants flying lessons to renew the pilot's license but we aren't yet independently wealthy. . . sad, right? So I called Jackie. I didn't know her name then, but we're emailing now. Trying to set up a lunch date too. She wants to volunteer with us. No, I don't need any more friends, but this is just how it is at The James. You fall in love with everyone. She got to know me, understood being a local but wanting to experience this great city like you just flew in for the night. And she treated us right. The James doesn't have to do much to impress, but it works as hard as it would if it were a Howard Johnson. Of course, the lobby dazzles and yes, the dog biscuits and bowl of water out front is charming but everyone is so damn nice. Ready, willing and able to do anything. Our room was crisp and modern and homey all at once. Again, the perfect boyfriend knew you were coming. Six mini-cupcakes were waiting on a tray with a note encouraging a call if we were wanton for more. The bed was tucked tight and taut, as if you'd be the first to bounce on the mattress. It said just enough about him, but not enough that the mystery wouldn't last for years. And the furniture and art work were West Elm. . . elevated. Like he invented the concept of boutique "Luxury Liberated", as they call it. And he probably did. Because he's perfect.
