We stayed in one of the suites for my friends' weddings so that they could have someplace for people to hang out if there wasn't room elsewhere. The room was nice enough. The staff was awkward and aloof, maybe a little bit rude, but maybe they were just having a bad moment....The air conditioning was really loud. There were cords all over the place because the hotel is old and rather than *actually* renovate the hotel, they painted it white. I rarely interacted with any hotel staff.... Except for the valet attendants... and that is where things got really bad for us. We parked our car there both at an hourly rate and overnight over the two days that we stayed there (the first night I drove home to the suburbs to be with our baby)s.... I paid for the valet, tipped the attendants who had parked my car waaaay off to the side (of course!) and got home after our stay to find that my brand new car was damaged noticeably in two places--the fender and the bumper. Mind you, this isn't the 'I didn't notice' kind of damage. Rather, someone tapped (rather hard) against a wall or another car, and another car skinned my car's rear bumper. And so begins my conversion from lukewarm guest to horribly dissatisfied guest.  The hotel gave me the number of the valet company and told me not to call that day because the owner, with whom I would need to speak, would be out of the office. I called the next morning and spoke with Kathy from GP parking who said she would call me back. Three days later, still no return call, I call Kathy, ask to speak to Tom, the owner, she says that she is actually the person I should talk to and 'why did I wait so long to say anything--and why didn't I say something when I picked the car up from the attendants--and not to say that you would, but you could have had an incident on the way home that caused this damage but you want to blame it on us so that we pay for it.....' She continued like that, accusing me of lying and being overall incredibly rude, disinterested and insulting about the whole thing.  So I called the hotel. The ladies at the hotel (first Emelia, then MaryBeth) were nice as pie to me and supposedly did get in touch with their valet company. By their accounts the valet company conducted a thorough (impartial????) investigation and will not take any responsibility for my vehicle's damage.  I am, absolutely, without a doubt, 100% certain that they did, in fact, damage my car. And I PAID THEM TO DO IT! I EVEN TIPPED THEM!!!!!  My friends' Most Expensive Wedding I Ever Paid For As An Attendee/Maid of Honor continues to suck my wallet dry. The damage most certainly exceeds the cost of my hotel room (and I mentioned we stayed in a suite, right?). Of course, Public Chicago is not responsible because the hotel hired the horribly rude folk from GP parking to do their valet for them, but they do charge for the valet directly through the hotel. They didn't even, as a simple gesture, offer to refund the valet fee. Or any portion of my hotel stay. Or agree to fire their valet service, which frankly would have been a slightly satisfactory response..... If they had just told me then and there that they had damaged my car, I would have been okay with it--and I really would have appreciated their honesty. But they didn't have the decency to do so, and now I hemorrhage more money. And, did I mention, I absolutely DETEST the institution they call the Public Hotel Chicago???? I do. I am horribly dissappointed and insulted by the way I was treated.
