I could not wait to get home to write this review. I wanted to write this review so bad, I was going to do it from my phone while I was waiting on my flight to go home. One thing that I've learned about reading reviews is it is a review FROM ANOTHER PERSONS PERSPECTIVE. I say this because maybe my upbringing is greatly different from other reviewers. I believe my upbringing helps me b/c I don't go to places I read reviews on and look for the issues that people complain about. I go with ZERO expectations. Some people standards are just too damn high to be honest. You can't go from eating at Brazilian Steakhouses to Applebees and review it the same.....that's just not a fair grading scale. With that being said, I read the reviews about this hotel and how dirty and how old and how dated it was and it kinda shook me up a little bit and almost made me look at another location, but I stuck to my guns and said I need to check it out for myself. I was born and raised in New York City and I believe people who are from older cities with old housing/real estate can see the bigger picture and know that buildings that are several years old is just the norm in older cities. Now to the review: The hotel served it's purpose. I came to town for the Cubs-Yankees baseball series and wanted to be in a prime location since I have never been to Chicago. It was directly across the street from Grant Park and two blocks away from the Harrison Red Line CTA Station, which was awesome. Were there people outside striking like everybody said? Yes. Did they bother me, NO.....I swear, people allow the smallest things to bother them. We got there around 11am, so it was too early to check in, so we were able to leave our bags with the bellboy in the storage room. The people that worked there were really helpful and kind. I stayed in room 691, so the view was in between buildings, but was able to see the Sears (Willis) Tower perfect. The elevators were not slow for me. Didn't have to wait no more than 2 mintues, EVER. Don't know where everybody got that one from. Slow as in speed or slow in having to wait for one? It's only like a 15 story building....how fast are they supposed to go? The room was just fine. It was an older room in an older building, but it was very spacious for three tall guys 6'4, 6'5, and 6'8. It had a TV with a remote, running water to wash up and it was very clean. That's all I ask for in my hotel stays, nothing else. Don't need my towels folded into a little monkey hanging off the doorknob in my room, don't need a mint on my pillow, don't need to get my ass kissed, just good customer service and people that do their jobs. That's pretty much it. I don't stay in hotels to admire the draperies and the paint color schemes.....just to rest my head, shower and the room be clean. In closing, I would stay here again without any hesitation. I think people should use reviews to get a good feel for what you're about to get into, but you shouldn't use them to make your decisions. If it was as unbearable as people have put it out to be, then why are they still in business, especially in the location they're in? You have to meet codes and health guidlines to keep the doors open and obviously they meet them. People just need to grow a pair and stop walking around with their noses in the air
