I would not recommend this venue for any type of professional event or conference. This review is of my experience as an exhibitor at a professional conference in July 2010. The 3 day conference was held in the Grand Ballroom for over 300 professionals in private equity, investment banking and mergers and acquisitions.  As an exhibitor/vendor at a professional conference, the main goal is to display your product or services to attract the attention of the conference attendees. For 3 days I was at the hotel from early morning to early evening working as an exhibitor for one of my clients. Because I am self employed, I brought my own laptop to use at the conference table. This was to be used to show attendees the web based services that my clients had to offer. There were over 20 exhibitors in the Grand Ballroom and many of them had laptops, lcd screens and other electronic equipment on their tables.  There was zero communication from the Hilton Chicago to inform us that we should have any concerns when leaving this equipment unattended. On the third and final day of the conference, I had my iPhone plugged into my laptop to charge and spent the morning at the table. I had gotten up a few times to network around the room, and left the computer on the table, just as I had the previous two days. Around 10:45am I got up to use the restroom and returned to my exhibitor table to find that in less than five minutes, my laptop and attached cell phone had been taken. I immediately reported this to security. They were very slow in the process of questioning me and when I asked them about the security cameras, they informed me that the ONE camera they had in the Grand Ballroom does not cover the section of the room where my table was. This piece of information alone screams DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THE HILTON CHICAGO. How can a hotel in Chicago on Michigan Ave only have one security camera in their GRAND BALLROOM? Not smart, not secure, not safe. In most situations I would never EVER leave my belongings unattended. In a situation where you are in a professional work environment and your equipment is being used for work, there should be a feeling of security. A person should not have to pack up their electronic equipment every time they need to use the rest room. After over a month of communication with the hotel security, the only resolution they had was to compensate me for less than half of what it would cost to replace the items. Their insurance policy stated that the loss was not covered because I was not a guest of the hotel. (any person who walks into that hotel and pays to walk into that hotel should be considered a guest) I was treated as if I was neglectful and irresponsible yet they offered to partially compensate me to shut me up? Bad business practice in my opinion.  Unprofessional, unethical and unsecured. Highly DO NOT RECOMMEND.
