I stayed at the Amalfi while in town on business with a little weekend of pleasure.  Cute Boutique Hotel Location: Great location near the River and 3 blocks from Michigan behind the new Trump Tower. I walked everywhere from up and down Michigan toward the Loop and Mill. Park.  Check In: I flew in early on Sat morning and my mother flew in that morning too, as we were coming from different cities. She arrived at the hotel about 9am. I really didn't expect to check in but at least hold our bags there and give us a place to meet up. Mother called me and said the lady at the desk said she could check in if her name was on the reservation. I called when I landed and spoke to the front desk and gave them the OK to let mom check in. VERY NICE of them to let us check in at 9am!! I arrived and preceded up to the room.  Room: The original Room they let my mother check into was not the Corner King we had booked. It was fine, and very nice of them to let us check in that early, but I had paid more for the upgrade. So I went down to the desk and asked the lady if there was a corner king available? If not, not a big deal as long as she could credit me the difference in price for the room. They ended up giving us a Corner King that was nice. It was not available until later so they let us keep our stuff in the other room, while we went out for the day, and then upgraded us when we returned from shopping. The Corner King was nice. Extremely comfortable beds, the windows around the whole room were nice, but a lot to close up at night. Nice views, much better than the original room where we looked into another building. I will say other than the corridor where you walked into the room, space wise it wasn't that much different than the original room. Not really worth the upgrade unless you want the better view and all the natural light. Breakfast and the Happy hour was a great touch. Fruit and bagels for breakfast with your choices of juices, coffee, and tea. nothing special but perfect for us. The Free Happy Hour was very nice - they had Sky and Belvedere Vodka, Jim Beam, Captain Morgan, and others. White and Red wines and a couple Italian beer selections. Nice little apps too. anti-pasta setup, cheeses, and breads. Service - lightbulb was out in the room and I called and someone came up in 5 minutes and replaced it. We did receive turndown service the 2nd night and they left a chocolate on the pillow, very nice. Lobby isn't anything much, but why do you need it to be..... Bellmen were very helpful in directions to a drug store and transportation. I typically stay at the Wyndham in Chicago but I think I will be changing to the Amalfi now.
