In short... decent room.... terrible service. I was in Chicago last week on business and my company put me up here. I wont say it was terrible but I have experienced better. It is a good thing I didn't have to pay for the stay or I would have been really mad. I had a standard room, it was clean and nicely decorated. In another review I saw someone complain about a chair with stuffing spilling out. I don't know if I was in the same room, but I also had a chair with stuffing hanging out. However, the leather that the chair was covered with was amazing, I only sat in that chair. I don't blame them for not getting rid of it and I don't think that it could be repaired. The internet is outrageously overpriced 14.95 per 24 hours. I was in desperate need of internet so I bit the bullet and signed on (I am responsible for incidentals). They had to take my card for incidentals and said they would put a $50 hold on my account. The second day I was there they had put additional holds on my account. I went to talk to the front desk about it. I am a veteran of the Restaurant industry and I know that treating people badly never gets you what you want, so even when complaining I am always calm, polite, and patient. In discussing the issue with the front desk they were polite and attentive but ultimately treated me like I was stupid. Kept saying there was nothing they could do about canceling the hold, I would have to call my bank. In the end I realize that the issue resulted from my not being informed. At check in I signed a form, I asked to see a copy of that form, it clearly explained there would be a $125 hold placed for each day that I stayed. A little excessive if you ask me. But why couldn't the front desk just explain to me that that was hotel policy? I would have understood. Instead they acted like they had no idea, and claimed there was nothing they could do. I was there for two nights, and did not want to pay $30 for internet access, so I only signed on the one day. At check out I made it a point to mention that the only incidentals would be the one day of internet, and confirmed that the holds would be credited back to me less one day on internet. Then the front desk tells me the internet was complementary! WTF it would have been nice to know that when I checked in!!!!!!!! I don't know if breakfast came with the room, because I didn't ask and they certainly don't volunteer helpful information.
