How in the hell does this place only have three stars!? (Btw, people... ANY place in downtown Chicago charges and arm and a leg for parking... duh. Overnight anywhere is no less than $40 ANYWHERE, it sucks, but it is what it is in Chicago... use the public transportation, duh... and if have business outside of downtown, stay there, it's cheaper.) I came into town with my daughter to see my parents who live outside of downtown so we thought we'd get a room downtown make it easy, see some museums and all that good stuff. We found a ridiculously good price, below $200. I've stayed at numerous 'high end' hotels and this is right up there, easily worth about $389 for the two bed room we had.  My overall "five stars" comes from the value per dollar. The last time we were downtown we stayed at the Fairmont, which was an absolute joke for the price (small, useless lobby), nowhere to eat, ugly rooms without any function, it was sooooo overrated. However, not the case with the Sheraton. AMAZING place, top to bottom. The lobby is the best/biggest lobby I've ever seen in my life. It has different sitting areas, some with "coffee tables" that are actually touch-screen games (chess, checkers, etc). There is a nice sports bar right there... all with an amazing beautiful view of the river through the enormous windows (whereas the Fairmont is closed and dark). This lobby is super open and inviting. Note, though... the two "you are here" maps are wrong, their stickers are flipflopped, so finding the elevators was a bit of a task at first. Our room was great. Super clean, good-sized, amazing view. Flatscreen tv (which has become standard at this pricepoint these days), great sitting area by the window. The beds were too comfortable... no joke, I couldn't wake up.  The location is perfect for walking around. First of all, it's right on the river, you can't beat that. And, it's a couple blocks from Navy Pier for the tourists in town staying here, but the pier has a great children's museum. It's right off Michigan Avenue, the Wrigley building is right there (which is basically the heart of downtown). This location doesn't get any better for seeing downtown. Eating. There are a ton of restaurants on the grounds here, all seem to be great standalone places that happen to be in a hotel. Yes, they are all a bit higher in price than tourist trap places, but the quality is great. We had breakfast at the place downstairs... for $25, it was all you can eat buffet. They serve regular breakfast but I'll agree with my parents (who are extremely cheap, btw) that it definitely was expensive, like $12 but a basic breakfast; couple eggs, toast). But for $25 you get it all -- and it's all made fresh. (Damn, I need to review that place now, if I can remember its name) Anyway... other than Vegas hotels, I couldn't remember a hotel having more to offer than this one. I highly recommend it, especially if you can score a sub $200 deal like we did.
