The Hotel Allegro and I had a 10 month relationship, from 5/2008 until my wedding day in March 2009. We had our ups and downs, but when we finally parted and settled our bill, I couldn't have asked for a better time together. Here are the straight up facts - wedding related, and not. 1. The wedding coordinator, Kerry, despite her insane schedule, got back to me in a reasonable amount of time. While sometimes I wanted answers ASAP, I had to remember not everyone checks their work email at 6pm Sunday night. Kerry was extremely patient with my now husband and I while we flipped flopped between action stations and a plated meal until the last possible minute. She understood our situation of planning from out of state and only being able to meet in person a couple times before the big day. And throughout the process, Kerry was nice, yet didn't give us any B.S. 2. Free Wine Hour. 3. Food = awesome. Fully surpassed everyone's thoughts on what wedding food usually tastes like. People are still talking about the mashed potato bar, beef wellington puffs (appetizers), and the pasta bar. 4. Rooms. During my 4 night stay, I was in a spacious suite, but even guests and parents who stayed in regular rooms never complained about the size. Everything was comfy, clean, and well decorated. Not to mention the location of the hotel was perfect for out of town guests to see Millennium Park, Daley Plaza, "Marshall Fields", State Street, etc. 5. Decor. I heart the decor. It made for awesome wedding photos! 6. Free Wine. 7. Room Block. Due to the tanking economy, the Allegro kept dropping their rates. We had to renegotiate our block rate a couple times, but in the end, everything worked out okay. 8. Free Wine. Did I say that yet? Because every guest staying at the hotel thoroughly enjoyed it. After my relationship with the Allegro, part of me doesn't want to stay here ever again. Why? Because I had such an amazing wedding weekend, I don't want anything to mess with my memories and current thoughts!
