First, the good. Great location. So close to everything downtown. Staff was friendly enough. The valet is $40 per night, but honestly, the self park garages around the area charge the same for 24 hours, so it's really the going rate. It just seems like a circus in the valet area, so you're almost better off parking across the street at the self park. Now, the bad. We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite, which would go for around $340 per night on the weekend, but we did not pay full price. When you see a rate like that, you expect a great quality stay, but not in this case. The light switch covers were falling off in several places throughout our room. The flat screen T.V. was blurry (odd!). The Wi-Fi continuously disconnected. The shower had no water pressure (looked like it needed a good dip in CLR) and the towel rack was hung inside the shower? The coffee maker had an old coffee pod in it from a previous guest. Yuck. Also, out of 6 packages of coffee, 5 were decaf. Really? The walls were really thin. Complete conversations could be heard through them. The doors did not close without some muscle. The wait for the elevator (and there were 3 of them) was really long. We were not impressed. We had stayed at the Fairfield Inn about a block away a few years back, and seriously, it was far cleaner and better maintained. And about half the price. A few other things happened that were beyond the control of the hotel, but they were still annoying. We had some smokers on our floor, and after a call to the front desk, security came and told them it was a non-smoking hotel. Thankfully, that seemed to do the trick. But it was hours before the smell dissipated. Also, a dog peed in the elevator right as we were getting on. But, who wants to get back out and wait who knows how long for another one? Again, not the fault of the hotel, but when so many other things were bad, it just added to the negative vibe. I think there are many hotels in that area that are cheaper and better maintained. Crowne Plaza definitely needs to take a close look at housekeeping and maintenance. I would not recommend this hotel.
