I'm actually writing this review from the hotel, so it's very freshFirst off - we drove 11 hours to get here, and by the time we arrived at the hotel, we were greeted by 2 valets that assisted us with our bags and took our car to the parking garage. We arrived right around 12:30pm (we were a couple hours early), but we were able to get a room anyway - for which we were incredibly thankful. The $50 fee for parking was a bit of sticker shock, though!However - after 11 hours - we were really looking forward to a nice hot bath, or at least some time in a hot tub! Unfortunately, the hotel offers neither. (My neck still hurts!). They informed us that we could use a third party facility about a block away for $25. No thanks. We took a shower in a very interesting stand-alone shower that was covered halfway by a large piece of glass, and water got all over the bathroom floor. Since we were here for the Taste of Chicago, we spent much of the first day at the Taste, which was really great. Then we toured the city a bit by walking around, but decided to head back to the hotel. Upon arrival, there was a gentleman on our floor that asked if I was room 17** - and I said "yes". He said he received a call that we were locked out and needed someone to open the room up for us. I told him I had a key and neither of us called for assistance. He was nice enough to assist me in getting in my room (I'm disabled and use a chair), but it was still a bit uncomfortable for me.My partner brought back a pizza from Giordano's, and put it in the refrigerator to stay cool. However, he had to remove the mini-bar items first. He put all the mini-bar items on top of the counter and put the pizza in the fridge. Next thing we know, we get a call from the front desk saying they were gonna charge us for all the items in the mini-bar. I explained that we didn't drink anything from the bar, and the gentleman stated that the person that could verify that we didn't drink anything wouldn't be back until the morning. Apparently, all the items in the fridge are weighted, so when they were taken out, they automatically charged my card for the items.I've stayed in hotels all over the world - including France, Germany, St. Louis, L.A., Orlando, Florida, you name it - but I've never spent this amount of money for minimal amenities, no hot tub, no complimentary breakfast, and this much miscommunication.This was my partners first time in Chicago, and I really wanted to make it special for him. He always tries to look on the bright side of things, and was letting me know how much he enjoyed Chicago - despite the hotel experience - but I am very disappointed. I am not looking forward to him driving another 11 hours without a nice hot bath. :-(
