I'm writing my review based on the overall experience I had with the staff and services of the hotel and the people that helped me make my wedding a HUGE success! Both ceremony and reception took place here in their LaSalle Ballroom and I will post pictures once I get them from my photographer. The ballroom is decorated with beautiful chandeliers in an amber wash but the carpet, though new, is slightly hideous - but I guess hotels have to have "busy" carpets to keep the dirt from showing. Rebecca Kuzelka - the most amazing and organized wedding coordinator ever! There is something to be said about someone who already has a full plate on her hands, yet she does an incredible jobs of making ME, the bride, feel like I am her ONLY account. Her attention to detail, her proactive spirit to make sure I have not forgotten anything (when there is so much going on, only a professional like Rebecca can point out the little details that may have been overlooked). I had 10 months to plan my wedding and unfortunately, the person that I signed the contract with decided not to show up to work one day and I was lost without a coordinator for over two months. Rebecca took on the position in June and was on top of everything as soon as she started. What also made it really easy was that her "style" was similar to mine - Minimalistic and trendy - so the way she executed her job was the same way I envisioned my wedding. Of course, I did my homework and outlined everything I needed done and was worried that the actual day wouldn't go smoothly - However, the day was seamless and I put my FULL trust in her and she made my day the happiest day of my life (well almost, marrying my best friend was even better)! She organized all my vendors, all the staff, ensured everyone was where they needed to be and had everything done before I even thought about it. I couldn't have been happier! Ben - I guess he is the lead doorman - Wow - he treated my guests with a smile all the time, no matter how long his shift was! Thanks Ben! Alfredo - awesome concierge - really took care of me and my out of town guests who probably bombarded him with questions and reservations of all sorts - Friendly and professional Chef Alfredo - Executive Chef - I had always wanted an Asian Fusion menu for my wedding because I knew that the traditional Chinese banquet would not suit all the palates of my friends. He welcomed all my suggestions to incorporate many of the Chinese traditions of a wedding menu. We were able to include roast pork, peking duck, udon noodles, wasabi, ginger, enoki mushrooms, bok choy and fish into the menus and the food was incredible! We requested medium rare filets for all who ordered it and they were all cooked PERFECTLY medium rare! It's not easy to cook for 85 guests to perfection but all of my guest said that this was the BEST wedding meal they have EVER had in their life. I think the Hors D'oeurves were really the star of the show, people couldn't stop eating them! Waitstaff during the reception - I don't remember the name of the head honcho there, but he was extremely attentive to our needs during dinner, making sure that we enjoyed our food and it was hot enough etc. His wait staff was classy and elegant serving everything butler style in tuxedos and white gloves! Loved it! Bridal Suite - We were booked into room 2616 which is the Michigan Suite - gorgeous city views with a HUGE dining table, wet bar, seating area for 10, a Murphy Bed - then adjacent to the room was the master bedroom and a giant bathroom with a standing shower and a bathtub fit for two. Largely impressed with this and tastefully decorated (recently renovated). It also had an alarm clock with iPod connections but the TV was outdated and no DVD player in the room. Our king sized bed was super comfy and the murphy bed even, was AWESOME - my maid of honor slept there the night before and she has insomnia - even she was able to catch a couple hours of zzz's prior to the big day! I'm so thankful for the people at the Doubletree who made this a great day for us! I recommend the staff and services of this hotel to anyone looking for a wedding venue in downtown Chicago.
