Where do I begin?? There are so many horrible things i want to sayh about this place. I just couldn't believe it. My fiance and I went to a show at a club right down the street from the milshire........we drove 3 hours to see the concert, and wanted to stay the night, and didn't want to drive far to a hotel...... Well, we ended up going home anyway ater exoeriencing this hotel for only about 15 minutes.Absolutely disgusting. I knew it wasn't looking good as we were walking up the stairs to our room. It hadnt looked like the carpet ahd been vacuumed in months. There was a cigarette butt on the step. We paid 52$ for a private room, a single room means you pay 34$, but have to share a bathroom with your neighbor. Who the F@@@ wants to do that.This room was amaller than an efficiency apartment. There were missing tiles in the showers. It was dirty, filthy, and disgusting. The ceiling had a huge crack in it, with rust and paint chipping. There were two roaches in the drawers of the dresser. As i pulled back back the sheets to check them out, I saw cigarette burn holes and stains. THe plate that held a big cup for ice and plastic cups had cigarette burns on it also.The windows had paint chipping on them as well, with graffitti spray painted on two windows.This was the worst hotel I've ever seen. We did not stay the night. We wasted 52$ on some pig stye room. As we left I got the managers business card. i agree with a past review, this place is for hookers ands junkies.....and bums.....Really creepy atmosphere.I've stayed at the Dollar Inn before, and compared to this place, the Dollar Inn is a Hilton. I don't understand how the Health Department hasn't been called on them. It is not sanitary whatsoever, how can a business be ran in the condition of this measure of nastiness.........I could go on and on about all the horrible things of this hotel, but i think ive said enough.Oh and I had to rate this hotel with at least one star, but it, in no way, deserves even one star......no stars for this place!!!!!!! DO NOT GO!!!!
