I found the Mart Plaza through http://hotelplanner.com. They were able to give me a very good rate for a block of 12 rooms at $129/room per night. Although we didn't have our wedding at the hotel, our guests were encouraged to stay here for the following reasons: 1. Great location for public transit, cabs or driving. (Parking is expensive at $34/night, but you do get in/out privileges.) 2. Great rate for Chicago. The city views (if you're lucky to not get a room overlooking the pool roof) are out of this world. Just stunning! 3. Great service. I worked directly with the sales office (thanks Diane and Charnita!) and they were able to accommodate some people that missed the reservation cut off. And they gave them the special rate as well. 4. Our room was huge! I had asked nicely about getting a comp room (being the bride and all, I thought I'd ask!) and was pleasantly surprised that we were given a suite! The room had a king size bed and a big sitting area with couch, coffee table and four lounge chairs (Rm 2048). The view was a northern view of the lake and the Hancock. Very, very nice! Only drawbacks: 1. The bar was packed on the Saturday night (I think there were 2 weddings going on in the hotel) and service was slower than molasses, but the view is awesome, so waiting wasn't that huge of a deal. 2. Having to go all the way down to the main building lobby to smoke. Yeah, I know, that's really not the hotel's fault and I really should just quit, but it is a pain in the ass when you're super anxious about your wedding day and having to wait on everyone else to be ready so you can get ready, etc. etc. 3. Room service prices were ridiculous. I recommend you go down to the deli in the main building lobby for breakfast! $4.25 got me an egg, bacon and cheese bagel sandwich and a cup of coffee. The same would have cost around $14 from the room service menu. Blah. Overall, I'd definitely say we enjoyed our stay at the Mart Plaza. Thanks to all the great people who made our day special!
