Stayed here over the weekend 2/11/12 and I will say that for the most part, I enjoyed my stay. We arrived in Chicago around 11 a.m. and were able to check in right away. Check in was fast and my husband had no problems. (We typically stay at Intercontinentals and have had our share of problems with checking in on past vacations.) The room was clean and decent - had 2 full bathrooms and we had a view of Michigan Avenue from the 10th floor which was nice. The location was great and it is right across the street from a mall and right by all the North Michigan shopping areas. I was impressed with the bed - it was very comfortable. Bed and pillows were perfect - and for me, that doesn't happen very often. The hotel has a place called Eno which is a place where you can sample wine, chocolates, and cheese and the Michael Jordan Steakhouse is also inside. Valet and doormen were very helpful which was appreciated. The only downfall of our trip and the reason why I didn't give the hotel 4 stars is because it was very loud as I was trying to go to sleep. The walls appear to be very thin and the group in the room next to me were being very loud - laughing, talking (I could tell you every word in their conversations...) and just having a good time. Now I understand that I am in downtown Chicago on a Saturday night, however, I am a customer too and I feel that at 1:30 a.m, I should be able to get some rest. I called downstairs to ask the front desk what could be done and she said she would send security up....around 2:30 a.m., the noise finally stopped. It wouldn't have been a big deal if I didn't have a train to catch at 6:00 a.m. But anyways, that was the only thing I didn't like, that it took security almost an hour to get the people quieted down. Good hotel otherwise. Oh, I almost forgot. Right now the pool is closed for renovations and hotel valet overnight is $54. Wowza, good thing we took a cab. Cabs are aplenty in this area so that was no problem, but Michigan Ave. is very trafficky, so you may pay more because you sit in traffic a lot. Also, the hotel in general is a bit noisy because cabbies like to honk their horns as if it's gonna make anyone move faster, and that can be heard from inside the hotel at times.
