Overall, my wife and I were pretty pleased with Dana, the room, the spa and the restaurant downstairs. Not to mention the friendly and helpful staff. We stayed in the Tranquility Suite for two nights (Fri/Sat), parked our car with the valet, partook in a variety of spa treatments, ordered room service, used the in room honor bar, and also had dinner and breakfast at Aja, the restaurant downstairs. The Room (4 Stars): Price was reduced by 15% b/c we stayed two nights. We also got 60 dollars credit toward breakfast in their restaurant when we arrived. Nice surprise and bonus. Decor is pretty cool and the rooms are unique and spacious. The Italian Rain Shower totally rocks and having the sitting room in the Tranquility Suite was really worth it. Plugged in our iPhones to the speaker dock and enjoyed our music. Fair prices for the bottles of wine in the room and a decent selection from the small frig (though adding small bottles of some liquors would have been nice). Having two balconies was pretty cool, especially to have some air flow through the room. Window treatments block the sun really well, like really really well. Downside - Bed was too soft and we did not sleep as well both nights. Balconies are good to have a smoke on and take some pictures but other than that there's not much room and you have to pull a small chair out there if you want to enjoy it. My guess is that liability and insurance dictated this...oh well. Just don't look forward to a real balcony. Very limited cable television with Showtime that's not HD even though the room has two widescreen flat panel TVs. Also, you can't order movies to watch in your room because they don't have the service. Aja (the restaurant) (5 stars) - Pretty chique decor, fairly priced (on the higher end) and good quality food. For dinner I ordered some salmon sushi rolls and sashimi and they were both very good (and I'm reeeeeal picky 'bout my sushi). My wife did the pork chop and mashed potatoes...and they were both delicious. Pork chop was a large portion as were the mashed potatoes. We also had a bottle of Silver Oaks' Merlot to celebrate ($108 and well worth it, great Merlot). Then we had their apple desert that was both beautifully presented and nicely balanced in size, flavor and freshness. Our server was great too. Really personable, fun to joke around with and down to earth. Some staff members/servers seemed a little uptight or anxious and I'm wondering if that might be a reflection of how they're managed...? Breakfasts were a little high priced for me but having the 15 dollar credit, 1 for each of us, we were happy to go down. Again, very fresh and good quality food. Locks were flavorful, Eggs benedict had a fresher flavor as they increased the amount of lemon (which I welcomed) and their potatoes were very delicious. Refrain from ordering the pancakes unless you want to feed 4-5 people. For some reason they give you two that are two times the size of a large dining plate...no joke, it's friggin' ridiculous. Hope they change it. The Spa (3.5 Stars) - My wife and I had the couples message and pedicures together. She also had a manicure and facial. She really enjoyed her massage and I did as well although I have some hefty knots in my shoulders so I was sore and a little bruised the next day. Overall, it was a good experience but speak up if they're doing it too hard and if their nails are scratching you. The bed you lay on is heated, super comfy and dark lit room and the oils that they use are pretty nice. You also sit in a relaxing room before and after to chill out. Pedicures were pretty good though we felt a little misled because the woman recommended treatments but did not tell us that they weren't included and that we'd be charged extra so watch out for that. Besides that it was pretty good. Quality of the nail polish and durability was a little questionable. Seemed to wear off pretty quickly and she rushed through it a bit. Again, pretty good with room for improvement. My wife really enjoyed the manicure (same rating and experience as the pedicure) and LOVED the facial (she got the Antioxidant/Nutrient facial). Parking, Concierge, Room Service and Bell Hop (4.5 Stars): the staff was really nice here. Pleasant, helpful, talkative and personable. When we pulled up to the hotel we did not have to do much. We were greeted immediately, given a ticket for our car for valet, they removed out luggage immediately, placed it on a cart and took it upstairs while we checked in. A little delay on the checkout but that's because many people were doing so all at once. Same great service. Room service was easy and has food 24 hours, which really impressed us. Prices are a bit high but that's no big surprise. We were happy to pay considering their prices on other things were pretty reasonable. Concierge was more than helpful in making reservations at Aja for us.
