Introduction Lobby/Check In: As per other reviews, check in is a bit different in this hotel. My bf and I were greeted by a GREAT and NICE doorman. He explained to us that check in was upstairs, got the elevator for us and explained briefly that there was a main restaurant and lounge should we want to have a drink and a bite. Check in is a floor up and when we got of the elevator, that's when the impression of the hotel dwindled a bit. The guy, slouched in his seat, looked like he just wanted to go home. He asked for credit card and passport, then spewed of gym this, lounge this, bar that and pointed to the elevator. Excellent doorman ruined by the mediocre check-in guy. Room Number 1215: Awesome room! It's modern with hard wood floor (or look alike). The room is small, but I have to give credit to the design team that efficiently uses the space. It's a very intimate room so definitely go with someone you are comfortable sharing space with. The bathroom is spaced in such a way that the shower overlooks the room and is covered with a curtain on the outside. Such that, if you are taking a shower, someone could just pull the curtain aside and ... By the way, I loved the rainfall shower head which I have always wanted in my bathroom. There is a balcony, but the room we got, it was very small and slanted. So don't expect to be sitting and lying down outside. Besides, buildings everywhere, so not the best atmosphere to be sunbathing. Noise-Level: NOISY! This hotel is in the heart of downtown Chicago, and because there are glass windows (top to bottom), you can hear the sirens, construction, honking, etc... Light sleepers beware. Extras: Concierge. There is one man who sits at a table across from the check-in desk and he is okay. We asked him many times to recommend restaurants of various cuisines which is fine, but never offered to make reservations, or provide alternate restaurants to the ones he selected should they be busy. The concierge I envision makes reservations, provide alternatives, and seems to go to the ends of the earth to make things happen. Just me I guess. FYI. We asked the concierge for late checkout and we were told that you can only request that the morning that you are leaving..."May the odds be forever in your favour" (YEAH HUNGER GAMES!) Vertigo Sky Rooftop Lounge. This hotel turns into a club on the weekends which makes the hotel turn into chaos. My bf and I returned from a late night movie and by 12:30AM, we could see the line of people trying to get into the hotel. The club (penthouse floor) is accessed by a card key which one man has (the bouncer I presume) which is hard for guests who just want to get up to the room because you have to wait in line too. What should have happened was to dedicate one elevator for people who wanted to go to the lounge, and the rest for guests. My bf and I were checked for ID's and were told to get to the back of the line, and we retorted that we actually were hotel guests and had to show our card key. It really is a hassle, and because of this experience, my star rating dropped. Doormen. These people are really great. The first one we encountered was excellent, and the last one on our check-out day was fabulous too (apparently, he won the best doorman award...) He stated he would get us a taxi to Mid-way airport for a flat fee of $35 because it could be more expensive with traffic, etc... He hunted down 3 taxis to get us the assured rate which we appreciated. By the way, as of today, flat rate from downtown to Midway is $35 USD. Conclusion. I'm glad we stayed at this hotel, but I don't think we will be coming back here again. I want to try other hotels in Chicago and my experience here was just A-OK. However, I can't fault the location as it is walking distance from the CTC, Magnificent Mile, and Millennium Park. 3 night stay, starting Thursday, was $640 and change including all hotel taxes and fees.
