Probably more like 3.5 stars honestly, but I'll give them a little boost. This was my first stay at a W and I was pretty taken aback when I thought I had accidentally stumbled into some club. The heavy odor of cologne in the air, the obvious mood lighting, and the yuppie crowd with drinks in their hands made me feel like I had just missed the annual Chicago gigolo convention. They play clubbish music most of the time too, which makes me feel like I need to dance everywhere I go rather than just walk. Anyway, the staff is incredibly friendly and gracious, overbearingly so honestly. Everyone kept asking me "how are you sir? Is everything OKAY??" Dude, don't be so insecure, I'm cool. The room was fantastic, though I'm not used to inspirational messages on the walls of my hotels. Loved the bath products, though we often didn't have enough. As to why this goes to 3.5 stars ... well like I said the staff was a little overbearing at times. I like good service, but this had an aggressive air about it that made it feel fraudulent somehow. The cleaning staff was not the best. They seemed disorganized most of the time. We opted for the going green option (my lady is a massive point hoarder) but then they cleaned our room anyway, negating the points until we got it cleared by the concierge. Also, the first night we arrived our comforter had several brown stains on it. It looked like a chocolate bar had been rubbed across it ... at least I hope to God it was a chocolate bar ... I need to shower now. The gym was okay, but small and lacking some basic stuff. They have 4 machines: 3 for leg exercises and 1 unwieldy one for "all those other body parts." If fitness is important to you, you might want to look elsewhere. And this is just nitpicking, but I'm not a fan of how they have to be hipster with everything. For example, the gym isn't called the gym. It's called "Sweat." I got off the elevator and was looking for the sign that said where the gym was. Finally I saw a sign that said "Sweat (Arrow)." It's one of those "collapse your shoulders and tilt your head" moments as if to say "Really? Really now?" Just call it the gym dude, everyone knows hipsters aren't going to be working out. But yes anyway, definitely a different experience for a hotel. Glad I gave it a go and I might just try another W somewhere else.
