Ok, I have stayed here in the past and remember it being very different. I must have been sick last visit because there are things this time that I cannot believe i missed last time. When you check in the music in the lobby is so loud that you cannot have a conversation with the person who checks you in. You also cannot hang out in the lobby and have a conversation live, on the phone or any other way. I am not that old that this should be an overlooked factor. My room. So dark that even with all the lights on I felt like a blind 90 year old. Then there is the fridge - you can't use it all. I had to call down to check it out/ They happily supplied me another fridge sent up by two little frail woman. I felt so bad for them that I took it off the cart and placed it on the floor in fear that one of these two women would hurt themselves. Tip: Send up a guy next time, not two little Spanish women that the fridge is bigger than. If you need to send a woman - have her there to hold the door. Then there was this noise. A clicking noise all night long outside of my room. I called to complain and the first time they said "we will check it out." No response. The next morning when I told the chick at the desk about the issue and she asked me "are you sure that the noise is not your alarm clock?" Really? My response: "I am not that retarded but thanks for checking." Problem never solved. Then the last straw: No freekin Coffee. My lifeblood. Working on no sleep because of clicking. Can't get work done because of lighting. Can't work in the lobby because of noise then, two days in a row, no coffee in the lobby. Day 1: "we are working on it." - waited for 10 minutes before swearing and leaving for my meeting. Day 2: No coffee. I proceed to stand at front desk with my empty cup starting the conversation with "day 2 no coffee" and waited there front and center until desk guy goes in the back and gets me a cup. No refill and others look at my coffee with lust and hatred. RUN far and fast from this place. Effort and atmosphere lacking. Seriously.
