Hotel Indigo is an upbeat hidden jewel in the sometimes stuffy Gold Coast hotel district. In the earlier half of 2006, (while most of my friends and I were still trapped in the burbs) we'd frequently look to Hotwire to find a hotel when a friend's couch was unavailable. On St Patty's Day weekend in 2006, I ended up booking a room at the Hotel Indigo for a friend, myself, and any others that should straggle back to our hotel that night. When we arrived we were taken aback by the look and feel of the lobby. It felt more like residence than a hotel. The decor seemed a little more personal as if someone had built the room piece by piece. The elevators were the old style kinds with grates and although quite sound (they weren't rickety) they slightly triggered my fear of suspension. Truthfully, it could have been that combined with one of my friends jumping up and down once he realized I wasn't a fan of elevators. Ass. The hallways are brightly painted, but not done so that it appears tacky. Again, I felt like I was visiting a large home more than a hotel. This feeling was magnified once I saw my room. Although it had the same 2 beds/mirror and sink combo/separate shower and toilet room setup as most hotels, it felt like a bedroom. I tend to prefer neutral colors in decor, but somehow all the oranges, blues, whites, purples and yellows worked together. Dare I say this, but this is just a damn cute hotel. Unlike previous reviewers I didn't get the beachy vibe as much as I felt cozy and comfy. The staff was also very friendly. We didn't take advantage of room service, but they did look the other way as a bunch of 23 year olds checked in 15 additional guests (my friends are poor planners!), 3 24 packs and a visible beer bong. They were equally as non observant when we boisterously arrived (half of us on piggyback) back at 5am. Hey - St. Patty's fell on a Friday that year. I'd definitely recommend Hotel Indigo for visiting parents (I have a feeling that most mothers will adore the setup) or a nice couples getaway if you can't particularly get away from the Chicagoland area. Hey, sometimes it's nice to shake it up. The location is walkable to many attractions and the Clark/Division (Red Line) and Division (Blue Line) stops so if you can pry yourself out of bed (that bed was one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in) almost anything in the city is mere few footsteps away. I posted a few pictures from that weekend to show room decor. You're going to want to keep in mind that this was St. Patty's Day.
