I've stayed at the Dana Hotel several times before; it's one of my favorites in Chicago. This review, however, is for my spa day I recently had here. I was treated to one of their 3 1/2 hour packages which included Swedish massage, facial and classic mani/pedi. The receptionist greeted me when I got there and showed me to the shower/locker room. It was decent, but I was surprised to see those generic brown paper towels at the sink--the ones that smell when you dry your hands with them. Totally not a big deal, but this is a spa, after all... I'll forgive them for that one, though, since the robes were so comfy. Before my first treatment, they took me to the relaxation room, which is kind of an oxymoron because you're stuck in a very very dimly lit room with other people in robes, and it's anything but relaxing. Worries like, "am I exposing any bits & pieces," etc. There are some magazines but it's so dark I'm not sure how you're expected to read them. My first treatment was a massage. It was heavenly... The pressure was just right and I really liked whatever lotion/oil that was used, because I didn't feel slimy and gross at the end like you sometimes do after a massage. From there, I had a facial. I'd never had one before, and I have to say it was my favorite part of the package. I didn't do anything special, just a regular "refresher" since I have relatively sensitive skin. The woman who did my facial was really good about asking about skin allergies and whatnot. The facial was very relaxing, too (minus the extraction part).  After my facial, I had a mani/pedi. Unfortunately, this was my least favorite part of the treatment. Maybe because I get them regularly and my experience was just standard at the Dana? Honestly, I prefer my regular neighborhood salon to my experience at the Dana. The woman went a little overboard with the bubbles; it actually felt like my feet were soaking in Dawn. Also, the scrub was done really quickly--kind of felt like I got ripped off on that part. The manicure was just okay, too.  One other thing to note, I'm not sure where, but I somehow got jipped in terms of time. It was supposed to be a 3.5 hour package, and I was out of there in just 3 hours (maybe even a little less). The massage and facial felt like they took ample time, so I have a feeling it was the mani/pedi that were a little shorter than advertised.
