I'd go for five stars, but I'm not quite sold on what five stars means to me... Its a hotel with a swanky, distinctive feel. When I first walked in and saw the wide red staircase, I was convinced I'd gone to the wrong place. The lobby fooled me into thinking I'd walked into a party room - so much so that I walked back downstairs, got in the elevator and pressed the lobby button, only to arrive back in the same place! My king room on the 14th floor wasn't a room you'd stretch out in, but it was fine by me. The decor from the rest of the hotel followed me into the room, which was very comfortable and inviting. The desk chair is great, with plenty of room to work on a laptop and spread things out. The wide-screen HD television fits into the room nicely and, of course, has a great picture. The bed sleeps well and the iPod compatible alarm clock is a nice feature. The room layout is funny - I've got two tiny closets, one complete with leopard print tank top and hot pants for purchase. The bathroom is tiny at a glance, but just fine for your needs. The vanity is long, so you don't feel cramped when laying out your toiletries. They are still providing the Aveda products, as other reviewers have mentioned. The free wine hour is still going strong - not $100 bottle stuff, but it's the magic price - FREE. I didn't try the morning coffee or the room service. I took a peek in the mini-bar and found what I expect - airplane bottles with big price tags! I couldn't hear the "L" from my room, but I faced out over Randolph instead of Wells. The plumbing noises didn't bother me much either - I think I heard the shower start up one morning out of 4. The only noise that has been bothersome is that of the neighboring room raising their window shade - like mine, it takes a dozen pulls on a plastic chain that is a bit noisy. Beautiful shade - poor mechanism. I'd definitely return to this hotel and it makes me curious aobut other Kimpton hotels. I'd recommend this place to anyone - business or pleasure. Its right around the corner from the Wells/Washington station on the "L" and the Clark/Lake subway station - so a train ride from either airport is very convenient. Oh yeah - for pricing, remember you're staying in the loop. Nothing comes cheap here.
