Received an amazing deal for the hotel that I could not pass up - $130/night. Found the deal through http://bing.com which led me to the online booking engine, http://www.easyclicktrav. Basically purchased the room "on request" which means your room is not confirmed. Easyclicktravel contacts the hotel to see if they will sell the room for the "on request" price...and within 48 hours the TA will either confirm your room or not. Lucky for me, the room confirmed. Moving onto the hotel...the review will be done in categories (at least the categories most important to me). Room: Clean, modern and sleek. Definitely liked the decor and the cleanliness. This is a boutique hotel and I have found that the synonym for boutique is small. I booked a regular hotel room and it was much smaller than what I'm used to. There was very little walking room around the bed and the small desk. Personally, cleanliness overrides room size for me so I'd still give the room category 4 stars. Transportation: Chicago's public transportation is easy, reliable, and clean. From O'Hare airport, you can take the blue line to the hotel. It is a bit of a walk from the closest blue line stop to the hotel though so be prepared to walk. There are buses that you can take from the blue line stop to the hotel though, but I didn't try that option. The red line stop is much closer to the hotel.  Sight-seeing: The hotel is in a great location. If you don't mind a nice walk, you can walk to Navy Pier, Magnificent Mile, Museums, etc. The hotel is also a few train stops away from Wrigley Field, Soldier Field, parks, etc. Food: The hotel is walking distance to many great restaurants. Each night my bf and I would take a stroll to our restaurant of choice and walk back. That options were endless. The restaurants ranged from nice, pricey restaurants to economical down right grubbing restaurants.  Service: The bellmen were super nice. Always greeted the guests when they arrived or left the hotel.. Always willing to provide suggestions, give directions, etc. The front desk personnel were a bit snobby. I'm not sure if the attitude came with the motif of the hotel - green, boutique hotel, but I thought they could have been a bit more friendly. Overall, the hotel is in a great location. I'd definitely stay here again...but not for more than $200/night.
