I recently attended the College Art Association 98th annual conference (CAA2010) at the Hyatt Regency Chicago. As just a hotel, this place is great. The hotel is huge and it is conveniently located near basically everything downtown. But, when it's filled with conference attendees, it makes navigating the lobby, getting through the revolving door, or trying to get a taxi frustrating, particularly when you're in a hurry and everyone else is just milling about. At one point a big Saturday-night crowd got stuck in the revolving doors on their way to exit the building. It took three doormen to unstick the door. Now, clearly, this can be chalked up to the guests' stupidity, but it seems to me that these herky-jerky, stopping-starting revolving doors can be improved on. The ballroom---the location of the CAA2010 book fair---is in an absurd and rather inaccessible location. From my room on the 26th floor, I took the elevator down to the first floor, then a set of escalators down two more flights, then walked across a big lobby, through a corridor cramped with academics conversing, across another lobby just teeming with people, and then down another set of escalators. I was an exhibitor at the book fair and toting my credit card terminals, supplies, conference program and other documents, as well as my handbag, camera bag, and all of my winter gear, was hugely inconvenient. Also, three floors down, there is no cell phone service. I have a brand-new iPhone 3GS, and could make no calls, nor access 3G or wifi down there. As a hotel that hosts, no doubt, countless conventions each year, I find this issue preposterous. As far as the room goes, it was quite nice. Roomy, huge TV, lots of furniture, modern dcor, great view, mini bar, excellent water pressure in the shower. At one point I dropped my book on the floor and knelt down to pick it up, only to see a whole mess of dust bunnies on the floor at the head of the bed. Also there was a Fat Tire bottle cap---not mine, I swear---in the corner of the bathroom floor, which was not picked up until my third day in the hotel. My room was for the most part nice and quiet; I occasionally heard folks walking by my door through the hallway, but I couldn't hear through the walls like I so often have at other hotels. The sheets were nice and I can't sleep in sheets with low thread counts, so that's saying a lot! The bed and huge mass of pillows felt comfortable and luxurious. The staff were friendly and made me feel super-special for being a Gold Member, which I'm pretty sure just means I signed up for their rewards program. The elevator situation wasn't any more annoying or inconvenient than it usually is at a hotel filled with conventioneers all going up and all staying on different floors, but at one point the elevator I was on alone stopped on floor 19 while en route to 26 and would not budge. Luckily, the door opened and I was exactly on the floor (not halfway in the elevator shaft like you see in action flicks), so I was able to disembark and catch another elevator up to 26. The gym was lovely. Spacious, with plenty of treadmills, ellipticals, weight machines, as well as free weights, kettlebells, weight bars, resistance bands, and stability balls. And those Stay-Fit-at-Hyatt gym towels are better than any I've ever seen. I have to confess, I have a bit of a collection here at home for my own personal use. The treadmills and ellipticals have display screens where you can run on a track or in the mountains, watch TV, or listen to your iPod. The iPod attachment charges your device as you listen. It's pretty rad. All told, I would stay here again. I just hope that either the Hyatt increases its connectivity in the ballroom or else the next convention I attend in Chicago is held at the Sheraton across the river, where wifi and cell phone signals are a non-issue.
