We booked a tranquil suite at the Dana for 3 nights last week for our 9 year anniversary and were very pleased. The room itself was amazing, on the 21st floor, with 2 separate balconies showcasing 2 different views. The shower was unlike anything I'd ever seen, with the beautiful tile and slate floors, and the incredible rain shower heads. The lighting in the bathroom was also amazing and I really appreciated the magnified handheld mirror. The bed was extremely comfortable and I slept like a baby. Also the round chair in the "living room" was so comfortable that I wanted to take it home! We got a couple's harmony massage in the spa, and they were very nice. Different than other massages we'd had, but still relaxing. Our massage therapists Cat and Nicole were very skilled. We had dinner at Aja and Ami, our waiter, was very accomodating. The food was delicious and reasonably priced. In fact, all of the food, including everything in the honor bar (wine, beer, water, soda, snacks) was very reasonably priced. They provided us with $15 breakfast coupons for each day, but we never got out of the comfy bed in time to partake. However, we did order breakfast from the room service menu and the food was very good and also reasonably priced. We went to the bar at Aja all 3 nights and each night our bartenders were very friendly and kept the conversation flowing. Being tattoo collectors, we appreciated the fact that most every staff member in the bar/restaurant had tattoos and we were even told by one bartender that we "fit in well" :-) since we sometimes get sideways glances for our lifestyle choices.  We did venture up to Vertigo, just to see the view, but the whole "night club" mentality is not our scene so we didn't stick around.  I give the Dana 5 stars for service and friendliness, but do have to note a few cons on our visit, and these are things that I addressed with the sales marketer (when he asked us) and the concierge: * the towels are not very soft.  For the price of the room, I expected soft, luxurious towels. These were pretty scratchy. The robes were nice, but not near as nice/soft as robes on cruise ships we've been on. * the paper towels in the spa locker room were those brown paper towels you get in bulk for office buildings. I expected much more from a luxurious spa. * the Dana goes by the "Honor bar" system, which is great, but unfortunately, 2 of the bottles of Voss water that we pulled out of the wine cooler had obviously been opened and re-filled with tap water, which leads me to believe that housekeeping staff is not really checking appropriately. Although, I do have to say, when I brought those bottles to the concierge they apologized profusely and brought up 2 fresh bottles (and didn't charge us, but we were honest and paid for them). * finally, the 2 person shower was great, but the 3 body jets coming out of the wall are way too powerful and are actually painful, so we didn't utilize them. Overall, I gave this hotel 5 stars because it was an amazing experience and the service was incredible. I would highly recommend this hotel to others!
