4.5 stars..... We stayed in a suite at this hotel, and it was one helluva room. I loved it. Views cover 2 of the 4 walls in the suites, and the bed feels like a cloud dropped out of heaven. What more can you ask for? However - - it loses the 1/2 star solely because it's out in the middle of nowhere. Unless you have reason to be near the Convention Center, which is conveniently located right next to the hotel (attached, actually) then there really is no reason to be at Hyatt McCormick. (This is the reason we were at this location to begin with, obviously.) To get to "downtown" or the more happening areas of Chicago, it will generally be a $10+ cabride there, and then again, on the way back. After a week there, this can accumulate to quite a sum.  The only plus side to this is that you get to drive up and down Michigan Ave during all times of the day/night, and see what's happening. This would be nice if you rented a car... but then driving home after a night out will STILL be quite a hike! Many things about the Hyatt McCormick indicate it IS indeed a hotel all about business, and even the staff seem accustomed to dealing with people traveling for business - not pleasure, in that they are rather curt, get the job done, and no small talk, no extra smile, or anything. Their goal is to get people in, and out as efficiently as possible. No complaints, but you can tell you're not in California anymore. :-) Bathrooms were nice - shower was great. Toiletries - very nice.  There is a general lack of outlets in the room. Television, for the size of the room, was small, but there were two tv's in our suite. There is also a bar area with fridge and cabinets with sink - - no stove though - and no microwave, so it's more for entertaining than preparing food or reheating food. Really beautiful room and breathtaking view. I wish I had taken photos, but unfortunately, I forgot! If this hotel were located centrally within "playing distance", I'd give it a 5-star hands down, but solely for its location - I can't give it the full 5-stars. 4.5 stars it is.
