Hello- I sent the following complaint to your hotel on February 12th and still haven't heard back. I am getting very frustrated and would like a response. Yesterday (2/11/12) I used my Groupon for the Allerton Hotel in Chicago. From what I understood, there were a lot of Groupons redeemed this weekend. However, that should not affect my stay. At first I was not going to say anything, but I decided to write because I really do not feel like the value of my stay was worth what I paid for it. When I first arrived, I had to wait more than 25 minutes to check in, in your lobby space that is not equipped for long lines. After I checked in, I had to wait 20 minutes for an elevator because this hotel is NOT equipped for large groups. By the time I finally got to my room, I had already been in the hotel almost an hour. Everytime I had to take the elevator (I was on the 24th floor..stairs were not an option), we had to send someone into the hall first to press the button because it took at least 10 minutes. I understand these are complaints you probably hear often and I know the Allerton is an older hotel. However, because of this, it seems to me like it would be a bad idea to allow all of these Groupons to be scheduled on the same weekend. Other hotels I have used with Groupon have made sure to limit the number redeemed each weekend and that seemed to work well. Our room had not been properly cleaned after the last guests. We wanted to purchase from the mini-bar, but when I opened it there was almost nothing in it. The mini-bar was full of empty wrappers and candy canisters left over from the last guests. I called the Front Desk and was assured I would not be charged for this, but that did not make me feel better. To me, that shows they did not take the proper care in cleaning and makes me wonder what else they didn't clean. From that point on, I felt uncomfortable in the room. Also, whoever was there before us set an alarm for 4am and the housekeeper must not have re-set it or checked because the alarm woke us up at that time this morning. After that, housekeeping came to the room at 9:00am to clean. This made no sense to me, because we only stayed for one night and check out was at 12:00pm. Why would they come that early? This morning, I called ahead for my car at 11:15am. I understood it could take up to 30 minutes. The car didn't arrive until after 12:00pm. Other people in line said they were waiting for over an hour for their car. During this time I waited outside. At no point did the doorman or any of the valet ask me which car was mine or if I had been helped. I am someone who uses Groupon all the time and this was my first bad experience. It will definitely make me think twice before purchasing a Groupon again and I will not be returning to the Allerton. After telling my parents of this experience, they called and cancelled their reservation as well and will be contacting Groupon for a refund.
