Now, I was prepared not to write a negative review despite the fact that this hotel charges an additional $20/day for internet (there is no wireless - you have to plug your computer in like in the Middle Ages). I was prepared to ignore the fact that the gym costs extra. I usually love any hotel, so for me to take the time to write such a negative review means something is wrong. After I got home on Monday, I realized I had left a dress hanging in the closet in our room. I called right away, and they directed me to the Security/Lost and Found department. I was on hold for 20 minutes, and finally spoke with a woman there. I explained what had happened, gave my room number, described the dress, and provided my contact information. The woman told me that she would have someone check the room right away and call me back later in the day. She never called me back. I called again in the evening, and got a man on the phone. He told me that a couple had checked into the room and that they could not find out if the dress was in there until the next day. I called back on Tuesday, and they told me that the couple had checked out, and they would send someone to look for the dress, and then call me back. No call. Then I called a couple hundred more times, to no avail. On Wednesday, I had to leave the country for a week, so I made a last call from the airport, and was told they would check and call me back. Nothing. My girlfriend then called them for me on Friday and Saturday, without success, because another couple had checked in by that time, and apparently it was impossible to find out whether a dress was hanging in the closet before they arrived. Finally, a full week later, I called and got a man named Michael in the Security Department. He got someone to go to the room and look for my dress, which was (unsurprisingly) gone by that point. Michael apologized and told me that his supervisor was out of the office. I then asked to speak to a Customer Service representative. The hotel operator transferred me to a voicemail. When I called back, she transferred me to the front desk, where I spoke with a woman who informed me that the hotel "doesn't have a Customer Service department" and hung up on me. I called back one more time, was again transferred to the front desk, where I spoke with a woman named Nikita who told me that the front desk "handles customer service." She then transferred me to her supervisor's voicemail (Ms. Cruz), which stated, "I am in the office all day but unable to take your call." Is that even a thing? Every single time I called, I was on hold for 10-20 minutes at least. The total disregard for customer service was both ridiculous and time-consuming. I would encourage anyone who wants a smooth experience to avoid this hotel.
