An Open Letter to The Drake Hotel: I have to say that I was most displeased with the way The Drake Hotel handled a situation early Saturday morning. Just before 1am on 9/3/11, I awoke to screaming from a friend of mine: "SOMEONE JUST RAN OUT OF OUR ROOM!" The two of us who had retired just after midnight awoke startled and saw our other friend who awakened us run out of the room. While we slept, someone had entered our room and taken the cash ($300) out of my friend's wallet on the nightstand next to the bed. They then proceeded to reach over me while I slept on my cot and took the cash out of my wallet ($250), which was on the floor next to me. They then left the room and encountered our friend in the hallway. The security staff at The Drake Hotel was less than helpful. They took a report and left us with the phrase, "Well, these things happen." When we asked them to call the police for us the best they could do was give us a phone number (the wrong one) and we had to call CPD ourselves. The police have been most helpful and the detective in charge has informed us that he thinks he knows who committed the crime. These leads me to believe that this is probably not the first time something like this has happened at The Drake. I am most bothered by two things. First, at no time were we dealt with as victims of a crime by the staff at The Drake. Rather, we were treated like ignorant tourists, unaware of life in Chicago. There was no sympathy - only bored indifference. Secondly, The Drake has a stated policy behind the front desk that says no one without a key card will be allowed in after midnight. When we arrived back to our room on Saturday AFTER MIDNIGHT, no one stopped us to check our room key or even acknowledged our presence. Sunday after midnight however, we were stopped - a welcome change to be sure but TOO LITTLE, TOO LATE. This incident could have been so much worse and I am still haunted by the "what ifs." What if I had woken up as some criminal reached over me to grab my wallet? It is not a far stretch to imagine that I could have been injured or even killed. Would the staff of The Drake have cared then? My group has been coming to The Drake for years in order to celebrate Notre Dame's opening weekend. We have always assumed that we would be safe inside her walls - an assumption that we will never make again. Not only has The Drake Hotel lost our business but it, along with the entire Hilton chain, has lost our trust. Since The Drake Hotel has decided to ignore our situation and refuses to even regard it with an apology, I will take all measures to spread the word about what happened. Along with passing a warning to visitors on Facebook, Twitter, and other social media avenues, I also intend to publish an editorial regarding the event in my magazine. I'm sad that it has come to this. I expected better from such a reputable American institution.
