My friend Maryanna just got a job promoting, here I am being a good friend, I said I would come. I'm bringing my roommate's sister Kara.  I never been to Victor Hotel before but I knew the area since I been to other restaurants/lounges. I don't recall hearing about a hotel? I was thinking who would build a hotel over here in an industrial area? c'mon this got to be a mistake. Kara and I are in a cab, fast driver, both of us seriously thought about wearing seatbelt. I'm getting little scared because we saw dozens of people with golf clubs out on the street? What the?? We go inside, holy cow. Talk about fancy! Red colors everywhere, nice chairs, and very cozy. But where is everyone? Maryanna!!!!! You said show up at 8pm so here we are whole two of us here with 3 other people. Maryanna, if you are going to promote your stuff? You have to be here huh? We stuck around because you said you be right over soon as you are done with Madonna concert. Free drinks, heck yeah... I didn't eat before I came, in an empty stomach and I always get in trouble. I drink little more than I should when they offer free drinks as well. Sure enough. Within one hour, I drank down 4 or 5 vodka and cranberry. I was feeling it for sure. Okay, here comes more people now but no Maryanna yet. Its 9:45pm place is starting to pick up. This place use to be a meat factory! You can see little rooms for VIP's and huge refrigerator doors. Ceiling is high as four 6'ft person stacked up together. They also have bottle service but no one sat down until 11pm. Bottle service prices are around $125 - $250 (drink menu) and they have sushi and cheese plate. I also met Greg S. and Rohit, two other Yelp members, very nice guys.  I get back home at 3am. What was I thinking going out getting drunk during the weekday? I'm getting too old for this. I get to work, feeling still drunk. I should have called in sick. I send my boss a message. "I'm not feeling so well"  I tried to go use the bathroom at work but it was so disgusting. I wasn't going to puke at work bathroom or even thinking about hugging the toilet. So I needed a plan! Good excuse to go home ASAP because I'm going to burst any minute. Me: I'm having a bad stomach ache; I think it's something I ate last night. Boss: You okay? Do you want me to go get you something from Walgreen? Me: (oh shit, she is going to help me out, quick! think of something drastic to say). Umm I don't know, it's little personal thing you know. Boss: Are you having cramps? Is it that time of the month? Funny she makes jokes. Me: hahaha, I'm laughing but I said no, I told her I have the D'word, (too embarrassed to say it) but I couldn't think of any other excuse. I didn't want to tell her I drank too much last night and don't want to be lectured about "responsibility" Boss: okay go home, feel better. I take few magazines from work and put it in my bag to read over the weekend. Tell my coworkers I'm leaving for the day. I told them I made up an excuse to our boss. Saying I had diarrhea.  Coworker: GEORGE GOT DIARRHEA! Me: damn dude, no need to yell it out so loud so everyone can hear, I don't have diarrhea; I'm going to puke so I'm going home to do it. I need some bread, soup, anything. So I walk over to Cosi to get some bread and soup before I catch a cab to go home ASAP. I hurry over and get a piece of free bread and start chewing on it quickly as I can than ordered chicken noodle soup to go. I'm desperately trying to make this transaction quickly as possible and hurry to get in the cab.  Two ladies asking me bunch of questions about all sorts. I give them brief answers and walk outside to flag down a cab. They follow me outside start talking to me again. C'mon... cab! (I'm really not in the mood to talk). I have a piece of bread in my mouth, holding the soup with my right hand, messenger bag on my shoulder, cellphone in my other hand. These ladies keeps on talking to me, I don't have a free hand to open the cab door so I put doggy bag with soup inside my messenger bag (dumb ass, you know its going to spill) but I wasn't thinking straight okay?  I'm free from the ladies, I get in the cab. Going home finally. I'm going to puke, dizzy, spinning. Told Mr. Cab driver to hurry! LaSalle and Maple! Okay, I'm home; damn soup did spill in my bag. My ass is hot from the soup and I open up my bag. Holy shit, look like a fish tank with soup chunks floating everywhere. Damn it, I don't have time for this. All the magazines are drenched; I throw my bag in the kitchen sink. I head over to the bathroom.  I'm ready to puke now. I hover around the toilet for 30 minutes. I don't need to puke any more, puke sensation is gone.  I had to deal with this entire ordeal for nothing? I cleaned up my bag, dumped rest of the soup that didn't spill in to a bowl. I ate it and went to sleep for next 8 hours.
