I am semi cross posting this with my review for the hotel's restaurant, Wave's, since the major issue of hotel security affects those staying at the hotel as well as dining here. I was recently robbed in the restaurant in the hotel's lobby. My purse was tucked between my feet under the chair/table, and at some point during the meal, it was stolen. We later realized that there was a man sitting behind me who had turned his chair around and leaned towards us, and we believe he used his foot or some kind of implement to drag my purse out from under the table unnoticed. Pretty ridiculous, right? This is the sort of thing that takes practice.  The hotel management was unhelpful to the point of being actively combative when I reported the theft. I immediately filed a police report and was met with rudeness and a complete lack of assistance from any of the hotel management. The security guard especially was purposefully rude, and when I complained about the treatment, as the victim of a crime, to the manager, all he would say was, "I have no control over the behavior of the security team." Um, you are the manager of the hotel, and that does not make any sense. We eventually got the security manager of the W City Center on the phone, who apologized profusely and began to actually help us, including taking down a description of the suspect from the people who had sat across from me and letting me know how to file a formal complaint with the hotel, which the hotel manager had completely neglected to do. Even in a less trying situation, this customer service would have been unacceptable, but after being robbed in the hotel, in what now turns out to be a repeated occurrence, it became downright offensive. It's too bad, because I had been a big fan of W properties, but I would never, ever come back to this restaurant OR hotel again. Potential future visitors, consider this your official warning. After reporting this story to friends, I found out about several other women who had the exact same thing happen to them at this restaurant over the past year. That sounds like a really bad pattern to me. Since this has happened, the police and my insurance company's private investigator have confirmed that this hotel is a very common spot for robberies in Chicago. The fact that the management evidently does not take this seriously is a huge problem.
