The Hotel Allegro should have been a five star experience. I mean, what's not to like about a hotel in downtown Chicago, close to everything, especially the theater district, that offers impeccable service in a contemporary environment? Read on, I say. It had been a long day and while I rarely stay in the city since I live here- I was treating my team to a little outing and they wanted to stay in the city so who am I to say no? Due to other commitments, I got to the hotel late and checked in. The lobby is up one level from the street and is decorated in a fun and contemporary way. Know that Kimpton Hotels are pet friendly so I had to maneuver my way around a couple of dogs that had made themselves at home in the front lobby. The desk clerk checked me in quickly and I was in my room moments later. I loved the room layout. I had a corner room with lots of windows, plush pillows on the bed, and a comfy chair. The bed was turned down, the radio on and as I was unpacking my bag I spied two animal print robes in the closet. Rrrrrrrrrrrr! I slipped into one and nibbled a bit on the basket of fruit and cheese that had been sent to the room. Wanting to have a glass of wine to go with it- I went over to the mini bar. It was at this point that I noticed that my mini bar key was broken and no amount of "finagling" on my part would open the door. Oh well. I didn't need that wine anyway is what my rational side was saying. My emotional side? Was already whining about no wine! As I settled in for bed- it seemed like a good idea to use the bathroom before I turned in. Imagine my surprise when I flushed and all the water came up instead of going down. Urrgh! Made me think about who the heck was in the room before me? I called down to the front desk and they said they would send an engineer up right away. Oh great. Here I am in my cute leopard print robe. That would never do for a "visitor". So I got dressed again to await the man with the steel snake (Trust me. That sounds more interesting than it was!) Other than those two issues and valet parking that was a third of the cost of the room ($48- can you believe that for one night? $42 if you park it yourself) my stay was perfect. Complimentary coffee brought up in the morning, Aveda toiletries in the bathroom, plush towels, chocolates, free wireless, flat screen TV's, everything that I would expect from a hotel of this caliber. And the price was right. You can get a negotiated rate of about $150 - $190 per night which is cheap for this part of town. Would I recommend it? You betcha. Only next time I'm going to flush the toilet BEFORE I put the cute leopard print robe on.
