I wanted to give this place a 4th star but I couldn't. There were just enough simple little things that bothered me enough to keep me from giving it that extra star or two. And frankly, I feel I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt by giving them 3 over two stars. However, i did like the place, it just had really dumb problems. Got this place through priceline and paid a cheap amount, like 75 bucks or something. Good deal. It only costs a little less than 30 bucks to get here in a taxi from Midway so that was a good deal too. The hotel itself is really nice. Boutique hotels are funny in general to me. They are usually old buildings that have be renovated. This follows that path. Being that it is an old building, everything is small. Also with boutique hotels, they always try to be trendy and minimalist. I like more grand and luxurious hotels but that's my opinion and doesn't count against this place. I like that it is also LEED certified to be a green hotel. I'm all for saving the planet and stuff. The lobby was very nice, although small. Bellhops were friendly and helpful. Desk people were helpful and friendly as well. The room was very nicely appointed. Traffic outside could be heard even on the 9th floor but it wasn't horrible. And its a downtown hotel so again, this doesn't count against the hotel. The room was fairly small but again, that follows boutique hotels' style. The bed was comfy and the wall hung TV was cool. All my really problems with this place took place in the bathroom. The bathroom was nice and very spacious, almost as big as the room, but had major flaws. First, the sink was too trendy and didn't serve its purpose. The faucet was WAY to close to the bottom of the sink. To the point where you couldn't wash your hands without hitting your hands on the bottom of the sink or the faucet itself. pointless. Second, the shower curtain was too small for the shower. It only stretched 1/2 to 2/3 of the way at most. This made showering difficult as to not get the bathroom floor wet. I don't know why this was like this but it bothered me. I posted pictures of both these problems, check the photos. The hotel restaurant looked pretty cool and had a big bar. I didn't get a chance to go check it out in detail but it sure did look like a good time.
