This is my first yelp review of a hotel. All in all the Dana Hotel and Spa was pretty impressive and that is saying a lot coming from someone who worked as a concierge in the hotel business for the last several years. My hospitality experience set the standard pretty high for hotels to live up to but the Dana really performed. Let me first say that this hotel is not for everyone. It would certainly fall into the category of trendy/contemporary, which some people may not enjoy. Think W hotels, only a little less cheesy and without all the lame lingo. I had a king bed in my room that you could melt in. I don't know what it is like to sleep on a cloud but I would imagine it would be similar to the beds here. The shower is the portion of the room that gets a little weird. It's a spa shower and has a full window that you can look out to the rest of the room while getting so fresh and so clean. Being that I was alone during my stay, I loved this because I was able destank myself while catching a rerun of Real Chance at Love. I also think it would be very cool for a romantic getaway with a special someone, but can imagine an akward situation if I were sharing the room for a business trip or something. It would be difficult to shower in peace wondering if your random roommate, creepy Steve from accounting, was checking you out in the buff. They do have an optional curtain for more privacy, but I toggled with it and it doesn't completely protect from a bi curious George who is dying to check out what your junk looks like. The other thing about the shower that I thought was weird was that there was no door. Literally every time I cleansed myself there was water that sprayed outside the designated shower area. I don't know what is trendy or cool about getting the bathroom floor all wet? They may want to rethink that one. Other than the weird shower, the place is top notch. The location is prime and close to pretty much anything someone visiting Chicago would want to see. They don't really nickel and dime you like many other hotels either. Internet was free as was the gym. They don't have continental breakfast but give vouchers for up to $15 dollars each morning for a la carte items from the restaurant. The food there was very good and in my opinion this blows away any continental breakfast I've ever had. Many times at trendy hotels, I feel like the staff seems almost too cool for school but, I didn't get that here. The service was friendly and approachable from the bellman to the concierge. Overall it is a great place. If your looking for a hotel to hold a company retreat or something along those lines I would recommend more traditional lodging. If I was with someone I felt comfortable being seen in my birthday suit I would definitley stay here.
