The hotel is centrally located. That's been said. And yes, there is some street noise, although I didn't get much hallway noise. But I haven't been to a hotel yet, in a big city, that didn't have some noise. That said; check-in was efficient and easy. The bags were taken to our room while we went into the bar to pay for a very overpriced drink. I mean, we ordered an Irish coffee and got charged $5.00 for the cup of coffee and then $6.00 for the shot...anyway...it is a hotel bar.  Up to the room, nicely appointed. The bathroom is large with a beautiful shower (we were in a double queen room - our shower had only one head, our friends were in a Tranquil King Suite- they had like water coming from every direction) - nice comfy robes to wear too. The hair-dryer was feeble...but eventually did the job.  The biggest problem with the hotel is the inconsistency. The first night the maid turned down the beds and pulled the shades, but neglected to pull the blackout shades; an important feature when you are in an east facing room...and we didn't know to do it ourselves. The second night, they were pulled, but the maid threw the pillows on the chair next to them so there was a nice crack for that sun to peek through, right into my friends eyes.  A nice touch is that they give you coupons for a made to order breakfast in their downstairs restaurant - valued at $15.00. So in the morning we went downstairs for breakfast...it was busy...we waited...once we sat...we waited...and waited...can someone PLEASE bring us some coffee???? Oh, sure...we waited...and waited...can we say, the service was slow? Yes, yes we can. The food was mostly good; again a couple of missteps and inconsistencies; I assume the kitchen makes their poached eggs in advance, using the method of putting the egg into an ice bath to hold it until service and then putting it into hot water to warm and finish cooking; it's an important step, that putting it back into hot water; when it's not done, the egg is a cold as ice. As was the eggs on my friend's Eggs Benedict. However, the poached eggs on my other friends plate were hot. This was, however, something that was quickly corrected. The second morning was no better than the first on service...it was slow, and worse, it's like they are ignoring you. They don't even make eye contact. That morning I ordered the Biscuits and Gravy...let me say this...clearly...DON'T...it's not Biscuits and Gravy, it's a biscuit in some white stuff with some slices of sausage and mushrooms...that's just not right.  I do want to give a shout out to TJ and the guy with the Tats, (sorry can't remember your name) you guys were great! LindySez: It's a nice place to stay, central to many sites, comfortable, and the food is good...just don't expect it any time soon.
