Most horribly managed hotel I have ever stayed in. I was there last month for 10 days. This is no 4 star hotel. Its a decent 3 trying very very hard to climb the ladder with trendy decor and branding but failing miserably due to a mismanagement and staff that has not been trained in what good service is. -When I arrived the valet kid literally dragged my camera case carrying over $20,000 worth of gear ( i am a professional) across the floor and literally tossed it into the corner i specified he leave it. He couldnt pick it up to carry it properly but he could throw it ?? - I was coming in and out each day with large bags of camera equipment. There is a tall, skinny caucasian boy with brown hair at the front door bellman station who I am convinced is on facebook/waching movies on the computer up there all day long. He would literally watch me struggle through the heavy glass door with my gear day in and day out without moving a muscle. Other bellmen would help me carry it to the elevator but not this kid.... -I have diabetes and my shakes were removed from the mini-bar and thrown out. He obviously didnt know of my condition, but either way, UNACCEPTABLE. -the base rate internet plan (9.95/day) is so slow it was unusable. Upgraded to the 14.95/day plan which was enough to not have to wait for pages to load but not fast enough for me to do my work which requires uploading and downloading of photographs/video. The 19.95 plan was better, but CUT OUT ... literally stopped working completely once an hour or so, rendering it totally unsable. I told the Manager Carlos about all of this and he seemed sympathetic. I was booked to return this month, and he took off my internet charges, upgraded my room for my next stay, and promised a free fridge in my room. I didnt write a bad review and kept my week long reservation for this month thinking maybe this bad run was a fluke. I just called there to change my reservation and extend by one day. It took over 30 minutes and 4 seperate phone calls.. The reservationist was unhelpful and RUDE, transferred me back to the operator, who then transferred me again to some voiemail for reservations instructing me to leave a message?? C'mon....after literally at least transfers back and forth and repeating myself over and over for 22 minutes... No one seemed able to open or change my reservation and she insisted I booked it via a travel agent. Nope... booked direct thru their own website. I finally gave up with the attitude and ineptitude of the reservationists who literally REFUSED to transfer me to a manager. Took me another TWO MORE CALLS to get to the Concierge (first time i was transfered to a voicemail again)... finally where Lewis was helpful and apologetic. I remember him from the last time when i helped me and he is great... warm, welcoming.. one of the two (the other being Carlos) who seemed to give a sh*t about their jobs. This place is hit or miss. There are a couple gems in the staff but expect a rude, uncourteous, and downright pathetic experience with anyone else you deal with in the hotel, particularly on the phone. BOTTOM LINE THINGS TO EXPECT: - a small room with small windows so very little light - a tiny bathroom with no products (no lotion? ) and ZERO counterspace. Literally there is a 5inch metal ledge which was too small to accomodate my makeup case. - pathetic service from everyone in the hotel except those at the top. (bellmen, valet, reservationists etc) - great location at a very cheap rate.... but you get what you pay for I guess... I'm sorry Allerton. I gave you another chance... I would not have written all of this had your phone staff not just wasted 45 mins of my day giving me attitude, hanging up on me, and telling me in 20 different ways they couldnt help.
