I have traveled to Chicago for business many times, and, while I had often wanted to stay at The James Hotel, it had yet to happen. So, on a recent personal vacation, I finally followed through with a reservation. The hotel was perfectly located in the heart of the River North area, only a few blocks from The Magnificent Mile and Lake Michigan.  From the moment we arrived until the moment we checked out, we received top-notch, friendly service. Each coming or going was punctuated by a greeting from the door staff. In addition, the concierge was thorough and knowledgeable. The baggage checking department was also extremely quick and efficient.  The hotel offered a relaxing lobby with several couches and even a work station with various computers. The hotel's gym was massive, with tons of weight machines and cardiovascular equipment. Complimentary headphones and citrus-enhanced water were additional pleasant touches. Though we did not eat at the Primehouse restaurant, we did grab a soda in the bar and were impressed by the beautiful decor. In addition, on our first late night out on the town, we found our way to their semi-hidden bar and lounge that served up custom cocktails in a dimly lit, skillfully soundtracked venue. Our room was just as stellar as the hotel amenities. For starters, it was very spacious, especially for a city-based hotel. The decor was sleek and minimalistic with the majority of the furnishings being white. The room came equipped with a large flat-screen TV, a cozy reading nook, mini bar snacks, and a complete bar set with full-sized liquor bottles. The bathroom was oddly equipped with a sliding door, the handle of which happened to fall off into my friend's arms on day one. Regardless, the space was extremely large and offered Kiehl's products, as well as a convenient closet for storing personal toiletries.  Though I have loved the majority of my hotel stays in Chicago, The James had surpassed all of my previous experiences, both in the Windy City and abroad. The flawless service, spotless room, comprehensive amenities, and beneficial location made this hotel a complete package for any traveler.
