As someone who traveled every weekend during undergraduate and graduate school, this is BY FAR THE WORST hotel stay I have EVER experienced. Apparently this hotel can't keep up with the expedia orders and there is around a three hour delay from the point you make the reservation to the point the hotel enters it. Now, this is a KNOWN issue, but of course there is no warning on their page or in their e-mail. So when I showed up luggage in hand (an hour and a half after making the reservation) after waiting in line for 10 min, I was informed that I would have to wait for her to deal with the other 10 people before she could help me. This took about 45 min. It should never take 45 to check into a hotel. Moreover, when I finally got up to the desk the women took the confirmation sheet and asked for my ID. I informed her that the person I was sharing the room with made the reservations. She informed me that she could not allow me to check in until the girl got there. Since she was at a work function I would have had to wait for about 7 hours. I asked her if there was anything I could do and she just stared at me blankly. Finally, I asked to speak to a manager. Once with the manager I explained the situation and put him on the phone with the girl I was rooming with. He was hostile towards her but finally agreed to let me in the room. Next, I get to the room and try to connect to the 'free' internet. Of course it is not working. I'm not really surprised at this point. I call the in house help number, which puts me through to the front desk which is plainly pissed that I am calling, and unable to tell me anything other than to call the Broad Band Support number. I call they tell me the problem is at the hotel and they are going to call the hotel to try and fix it. It never got fixed. The I was like well there is no internet, so i'll check out the pool. Of course, the other information not posted is that their pool is an outdoor and has been closed for MONTHS.Then when I get back to the room, half of the lights in the room don't work,WORST HOTEL EVER. DO NOT STAY HERE.
