I've been to this Hyatt twice since moving to the city. The first time was last summer: I'd scored a room for my mom (she was visiting me for my b-day) for only $100 on hotwire during the first week of June. I was really looking forward to hanging out at the hotel with my mom and just absorbing the atmosphere there. Unfortunately for my mom, my dad was being an idiot that weekend, so she couldn't make it for the night. She told me I could have the room and then called them to let them know I'd be taking over the reservation. They were really nice about it and didn't give me any hassle. One of my friends was in town early to visit and so we both ended up taking the room (neener to my bf, who didn't get to come). My mom was really nice and let us order a glass of wine (each) close to midnight (which would begin my 23rd birthday). I took it as a good sign when our total came out to $23 and some change. We had a wonderful time dancing around our room celebrating my birthday. The room was really nice and we both enjoyed the iHome they provide. Did I mention the view of the river was fantastic? A wonderful start to my 23rd year of life. My second experience was last fall when my best friend chose the Hyatt to spend her bachelorette party night at. Upon my arrival I was hassled by a rude member of the concierge because I couldn't remember the bride's room number and they wouldn't give it to me because I "wasn't on the list" of the room guests. Not really a big deal-I know they're not supposed to give out room numbers anymore. So I stood there for a few minutes while I waited for a response text from the matron of honor. I got it, announced to her the room number and a "thanks for nothing!" (rude, I know, but so was she), and I was up the elevator, lickety-split. The room was the same as the one I'd shared with my friend for my b-day back in the summer-double bed with an iHome. I got there early and in order to commemorate the occasion (bachelorette party), they actually sent us (free of charge) a bottle of champagne, 4 chocolate covered strawberries, and some chocolate covered biscuits. Score! It was so nice of them. We had a nice night there. Hung out in the cool bar after getting back from the festivities, walked around the hotel, and finally went to bed around 3am. Definitely a classy hotel. I'll stay there again sometime for sure.
