I was a little hesitant after reading some of the reviews on here but we (the Mrs. and I) stayed here for 5 nights. She was there on business and I tagged along. We got a much better rate than the host hotel around the corner. Pros: great location. Close to major train stations. Bar has some decent craft beer (local selections). You can check out a guitar and Line 6 pod and rock out in your room. Our room had a pretty nice view. Cold A/C. Nice big TV with decent channels. Comfortable king size bed. Many food options across the street (although we didn't see them until our last day because they're inside a mall like area). Giordano's is across the street. Close to the river. Walgreen's across the street. The staff was overall pretty nice except one concierge. But I don't like tipping a guy because he handed me a map. If he got me some awesome restaurant reservations or something, yes, I will tip you. Maybe that's why he wasn't the friendliest the other couple of times I asked him simple questions that took none of his time and didn't require the use of any outside resources. I never understood the whole tipping thing. I'm not rich. I don't get tipped to do my job. Waiters are different. I tip them. Cons: While the walls are thick and we couldn't hear our neighbor's TV or talking, the door to the room lets a lot of noise in. The shower has a kind of half glass panel for a "door". You have to reach into the shower and get drenched in cold water to turn it on and then the other half where there is no glass allows water to get all over the entire bathroom floor. I understand wanting to be modern or whatever but it was ridiculous. The closet was a little small and cumbersome. The door to it would not stay open. No refrigeration, the minifridge is a weight sensor activated mini bar. We had to put our waters and beer on ice in a plastic bag lined trash can because we all know ice buckets hold next to nothing. Internet in the room is overpriced. We were able to slap the charge on an expense report since my wife had to do some work while we were there but $15/day is a bit high.  Would I stay here again? Yes.
