I went here for the first time when it first opened and I liked it. Then I went again, and again, and it deteriorated every time, resulting in a HORRIBLE experience last Saturday night. I have had bottle service there and many other places before so I know the drill - there are minimums and things get hectic on Saturday nights. I called well in advance to make the reservation; there was no mention of a minimum # of bottles, although I knew in the past that with large parties, places require minimums. Since nothing was mentioned, and since we only had 4 girls, (this is typical - 4 people per bottle) I assumed that 1 bottle was enough. Not only was this never mentioned, after we ordered 1 $100 bottle of Veuve champagne, we were not permitted to order the $50 bottle - we were forced to order another bottle of Veuve for $100 and it was not done in a polite manner.  This in itself was not terrible, but coupled with the fact that we were seated in the worst table imaginable, it was too much to handle. Not only were we seated in the corner (with everyone standing around us), in which we were literally everyone's garbage can that finished their drinks and set them down on our table, but the wait staff seemed to make up the rules as they went along. TIMOTHY rudely told me that there was a $200 minimum and the 2 bottle rule was for liquor bottles. And to get a better table you had to buy liquor bottles. Hmmm - that wasn't in the fine print.  Last time I went I said I would never go again, due to the rude people (hey, just like the people that kept setting their drinks down on our table), but after this experience, I will definitely never spend that kind of money again to be treated like this. Places like this and Reserve that force you to buy bottles but still sit you in the middle of the crowds certainly do not know how to treat people. The only reason this got 2 stars is due to the decor which is very cool and going there during the week is OK. I am taking a leave of absence from Victor Hotel and if you do not want to leave broke and incredibly annoyed, you should do the same. Fulton Lounge is just around the corner and a much better time.
