I really struggled between rating The Drake with 3 or 4 stars. Having grown up in the surrounding suburbs, I have been made well aware of the prestige and history behind The Drake. When my then boyfriend and I planned our 1 year anniversary, we decided to each plan surprises for one another involving things we saw on our first date - a freezing cold 8 hour day spent exploring different parts the city. When walking by The Drake, I'd told him that it was the finest of the finest (he was from Kentucky and therefore unfamiliar) so for my anniversary I was surprised with a two night stay at this luxurious hotel. Words cannot properly describe the warmth of this debonair lobby with its beautiful rich mahogany toned colors, fine crystal chandeliers, and overwhelming aura of class. While well kept, I wouldn't be surprised if some of the decor was as old as the hotel itself. If not, I tip my hat to the person that recreated the sheer elegance of the 1920's. When I'm not writing about bars or drinking, I can be somewhat of a history nerd, and as dorky as it may sound, I enjoyed feeling like I had stepped in the past. Then I arrived on my floor. Holy Shit when did this become The Overlook Hotel? The second I walked off the elevator, I became immediately aware that I was in a 90 year old building. The colors were cold and in complete contrast to what I expected from the lobby. It was almost a little creepy. When we arrived in our room, I found it very odly arranged. This may be a little hard to follow, so bear with me. Picture a rectangular room. The bed is against the a long side and faces the other long side with a night stand and desk on either side. The television (if laying in bed) was in the upper right corner of the room. Basically, the television wasn't straight on to the bed and the other long wall that was opposite to the bed was completely bare. The room just seemed very oddly arranged and unfinished. Much like the hallways, it lacked any color and had a slightly spooky vibe. While we were there, the concierge was nice enough to take us on a tour of the Presidential Suite where Princess Diana famously stayed in the early 90's. Once again I was blown away by the elegance of the 1920's being beautifully captured. It was surprisingly stunning to see such luxury up close. Even though our room slightly creeped me out, I still love The Drake Hotel for all that it embodies. Despite being $400 a night, I'm pretty sure our room was the equivalent of second class on the Titanic. I'm not sure we got our money's worth room wise, and if I ever return (I say ever because I have since moved to the city) I would definitely upgrade my room for the full experience. I do however think that every Chicagoian should tour the Presidential Suite. It is BREATH TAKING!
