This place is way overrated. Actually, for a party in the lobby area the place is fantastic and amazing. But as far as the rooms... and people.. It seems as though they have some severe service/management/upkeep issues. Well, except Jessica is great! The rooms are small--not "hotel in the city" small, but Times Square Hotel in the City Small. (The room 10' wide and was no more than 160 square feet). The bathroom was extremely tiny, as I sat on the toilet my foot had to rest on the metal doorstop. But that's the least of their problems. The shower didn't drain, and I didn't want to take a bath. So I ended up taking a shower in water that got to be over 6" deep...  I told the maid (who came and knocked on our door at 9, even though we were only staying one day and had requested a late check out--something a good hotel would make note of and not bother interrupting you over) ... they came and fixed it, but still a hassle. There was no room service menu in our room, just a "Dining In" book... But then there was a Room Service button on our phone, so I'm pretty sure they did have regular room service. We ordered breakfast, it took 45 minutes to get our order, then it came and it wasn't correct. They serve potatoes but didn't bring ketchup. They serve toast but didn't bring BUTTER? How can room service not bring butter for toast? It was $48 for an omelet/potatoes/toast, 2 scrambled eggs/bacon/potatoes/toast, and one orange juice. And it wasn't even good, neither of us finished eating even half of it. The room wasn't wide enough to have the TV in front of the bed, it was off to the side and didn't really pull out/rotate so you could watch it head on...  (BTW, someone else on here complained about it, but not having FOX News on their channel lineup is a good thing as far as I'm concerned.... ). If they really were as hip as they think they are, they could have easily put a flat panel TV on the wall in front of the bed... The lobby space is very architecturally pleasing; the hallways are filled with the wafting smell of gardenia, which I like.... The door man didn't bother to open the door for me as I was walking out, he just stood there watching... (maybe I'm being prissy, but he IS a door man, and he wasn't doing anything at the time, and he was standing right in front of the door). We were told wifi Internet was actually $25/day to use (which includes free calls, too... something I could care less about) not $15... Either way it's overpriced. The rooms were very loud. Every noise in the hallway, upstairs hotel room, adjacent room, outside cars, el, etc were heard.  Parking is $38 which is high but is probably fairly average for hotel rates, even though garages in the area aren't more than $20/day. I'm never staying here again, and will highly recommend against it to anyone who asks.  And if you do go, avoid room 609... As cute as it sounds, it's just bad news!  I hope not all W Hotels are like this one. Insanity reigns at the W City Center.
