Took a quick trip to Chicago and decided to stay at an old favorite the Westin Chicago River North. I'm Platinum Elite, in the Starwood Preferred Guest, frequent guest program and based on my past stays, this property is very consistent in it's treatment of guests, especially Elite members. Location has good access to the loop, just a ten to 15 minute walk to Macy's on State Street or Michigan Avenue shopping. The hotel is very convenient to public transportation. You can use either of the L Stations on Lake or the Grand Street station on the Red line. Each of these three station are 5 to 10 minute walk (based on if you have luggage and weather) from the hotel. When I arrived at the hotel, I was the only person checking in. There is a separate Gold/Platinum check-in Line, since I was the only person, there was no need to use it. Check-in was pleasant, I was recognized as a Platinum member and returning guest. If you are the type of person who loses hotel folios or needs to submit one with an expense report be sure to ask that a folio be emailed to you at check-out. Assigned a suite on the 20th floor just down the hall from Executive Club. The room faces the marina towers. The room is maintained but the entry way has a slightly "dated" feeling. There is a wet-bar to the left of the entry, once you enter the a parlor room. The granite makes it feel heavy and dark, which is why I think it's dated. There is a closet of the entry for added storage. The parlor portion of the room has the previously used Westin decor scheme, but again, everything is well maintained, rooms are spotless. I got a tip that they will be refreshing rooms, which will be welcomed. There is a flat panel with HD channels and each room comes with complementary access to a mac computer. The room is well lit considering it's location and there is ample lighting. The desk is located by the window and has plenty of work space and sockets for phones, cameras, PDAs, etc. In my honest opinion, the only negative is there is no bathroom in the parlor. At the far end of the parlor, is the entry to the bedroom. These are some of the largest hotel bedrooms I've ever stayed in, it's very spacious. The room consist of a large closet, heavenly bed, plasma TV, ipod docking station and river view seating. Opposite the entry is the bathroom. Consistent with the room size, the bathroom is huge. HUGE! Three 3 people could easily use this bathroom at once. Single sink with good counter space, large soaking tub and separate shower. Lots of towels. The marble does date the room and because it's dark makes the bathroom feel dark as well. The negative, there is only one since and the there was not a full compliment of Westin brand toiletries in the room. There was bar soap, condition and shampoo. No lotion, shower gel or mouthwash. I carry my own, but it's food for thought. This property has a Westin Executive Club. It's a nice lounge with good views of the Loop and Near Westside. The morning of my stay, there was a Continental spread and the evening presentation consisted of two hot foods (dumplings and something else) and various fruits and cheeses. Not the best, but not bad. In my stays, I don't ever recall the lounge being crowded or busy. The Fitness Center [AKA Westin Workout] is located on the lower levels of the hotel tower. It's one of the few Gyms with an attendant who verifies your room and status. For a large urban hotel, the space is small but adequate. The hotel does not have a pool. There is a business Center on the first level, just before the elevators. Note, there is a sign that indicates you can print a boarding pass, however, the PC's are not programmed for carriers which have a second screen to print a pass.  If you encounter a problem, ask the concierge for assistance. The hotel is wired for with High Speed Wired & Wireless Internet Access. As with most Starwood branded properties, wifi is free in the lobby. If your assigned a room on the Executive Club Level, you're provided with a mac in your room. The hotels lobby is Wide open lobby. In the many stays I've had at this property, I've met friends in the lobby and I don't ever recall there being more than 5 people there. It's a nice space with good light and access to the river. Embers restaurant is just off the lobby. FINAL IMPRESSION The staff is professional, courteous and very helpful. Everyone I encountered was pleasant from the door man to the lounge attendant. The hotel is clean and well maintained. The location is great so no car is needed. I would return and recommend this hotel for business and leisure travelers. Leisure travelers and those traveling with children need to remember there is no pool. The staff, platinum recognition and lounge, give it an edge on other properties. In winter I like being on Michigan avenue, but all the shoppers can be stressful so the WRN is a good place to set up base. Solid property and I recommend.
