Normally I'm not a fan of places with ber-trendy, ber-clubby vibes, but I have a soft spot for the W Lakeshore. I've stayed here a few times in the past few years and each time I've been impressed. I've even been impressed when I wasn't a guest here. Everyone-- from the doormen to the front desk to the cleaning ladies to the fitness room attendants to the concierge-- have been always been accommodating and professional. It was here where I first learned what concierges did. I used to walk by hotel concierges and wonder what the heck they did all day. At the W Lakeshore, they do everything! They make rental car reservations if you want to drive out to the 'burbs, mail letters even if you don't have a stamp, reserve tables at popular restaurants--the whole shebang! Once I wandered into the W when I wasn't staying there, all lost and wind-shocked, and the concierge looked up the restaurant I was trying to get to and gave me directions. Now that's service. The rooms are a little on the small side, but the view of the lake more than makes up for it. At a lot of hotels with supposed lake views, you can only see the lake way, way off in the distance. At the W, however, you can take a shower, open the divider between the bathroom and bedroom, and all you see is water when you look out the window. Now that's priceless. As a much-appreciated security precaution, you have to insert your room card to use the elevators. The hotel exercise room has nice equipment, but I usually just run along the lakeshore path because it's right across the street. The complimentary Bliss products are a little too citrusy-smelling for my liking, but that's just a preference thing. I can't comment on the restaurant or bars because I've never tried them, but the bar/lounge/restaurant area on the first floor is full of people in stylish clothes at night so I'm assuming it'd be a good place to pick up people if that's your thing. Tip: If you're part of the Starwood Preferred Guest program, you get early check-in and late check-out (4PM!!!!), even if you didn't book the room through the Starwood website. Also, most hotel programs don't give you reward points if book through an outside party, but I've gotten about 50-60 SPG points per stay in the past (which, admittedly, is basically nothing but still appreciated).
