This review is meant to serve as a warning: if you check in to the Intercontinental, and they try to give you a room on the 9th floor, historic tower, just turn around and leave. Now, the qualification: We checked in to the Intercontinental because our friend was having her wedding there, and we didn't want to have to drive back home after a late night drinking. Plus, I've always wanted to stay there. First bad thing: the front desk gentleman was very pushy about selling their "Ambassador" program for $150. I told him we were short on time and needed to be off in a hurry. He actually held our room key in the air out of our grasp while he continued to rattle on for five minutes about the Ambassador program and how he really thought it would be a good idea for us to go ahead and sign up so we'd get a free upgrade to a suite. We were three minutes late to the wedding and had to watch the procession from the rear. So, we put that behind us and enjoyed a nice reception in the Intercontinental ballroom. Nobody can say the hotel isn't beautiful inside. Going back to our room at 11:45 we noticed that the room's windows overlooked a brick wall - the new tower next door. OK, so no view. I suppose that a view of Michigan avenue runs an extra $100 at least. Fair enough. But the other problem quickly became apparent - rooms on the 9th floor have a ballroom directly below them. We were able to heard the band talking between numbers, as well as the loud, thumping music. And I mean it was loud. Not acceptable. After a little run-around trying to get a manager, we were offered $100 off. Nope. They couldn't tell us when the music would stop. Finally, begrudgingly they offered to refund our money and let us go home since there were absolutely no rooms available to move us to. (However, I bet if I forked over the $150 for the Ambassador program., a suite upgrade would have magically appeared...) So in the end we would up driving back home, tired and hung over. Shame on us for trying to go to sleep in peace at 11:45pm... Two stars because, come on, this is the Intercontinental Michigan Ave. They should have their shit together and not make me feel that I am some lousy peon who gets the third-class room in steerage because I don't have status. The only nice thing they did was refund the parking fee as well (a $53 charge, mind you), so free parking downtown isn't all bad...
