Me: "I stayed at a Kimpton Hotel". Typical reaction: "What is that? A Marriott, Hilton, Starwood Hotel?" For those who don't know, Kimpton is chain of 100 boutique hotels that are located in most of the major metropolitan cities in America and no, they are not associated with any of the major hotel brands.  In the hypercompetitive hotel service industry, I really think that there are only a few things that a hotel can do to stand out. One, the hotel creates a once in a lifetime experience by charging an astronomical price (say...overwater bungalows in Bora Bora) or goes the bargain/cheap route for the price conscientious customer. For most, anything in-between seems to be an experience that is soon be forgotten unless you are tied into a loyalty/reward system that makes you go back to a hotel chain. So what makes Kimpton hotels stand out? Simple. They provide 5* service at realistic price points for consumers.  FACT: They have the highest customer satisfaction scores and emotional attachment scores of all hotel chains operating in the United States. How so? Service: 1) As I checked into my room, I had a hand written "welcome back" card that specifically stated that they hope I enjoy my second visit. I visited Kimpton 4 months ago for the first time, and they pulled this info and prepared for my visit before I checked in. Amazing. 2) They called 10 min after I got into my room to see if I needed anything. 3) Three to four hours later, an employee brings me a complimentary bottle of Chianti. Unfortunately I could not have this b/c I had some important things to do the following day so he asked if he could bring me anything else to drink like juice or lemonade. In 5 minutes, he brought me complimentary "fresh-squeezed" lemonade. Madness. Perks: 1) $10 bonus perk card for loyalty program members for every stay. You can spend the $10 on anything in the fridge and in the snacks cabinet. They have organic snacks, coke, beer, wine, chips, chocolate bars, you name it. Although they are a bit overpriced, you can pick out 2-4 things without paying a dime. Hey you can't complain b/c it's free :) 2) Rotating loss-leader specials. For example, the Kimpton hotel chain is now offering 2 cocktails for $1 at the bar until the end of your stay. Yeah. Tell me a hotel chain that does that. 3) Complimentary starbucks coffee in the morning and wine and champagne in the afternoon (at the lobby). 4) Free wifi by being a loyalty program member. This comes in handy in large metropolitan cities where all hotels charge for wifi. Add all these perks to a great bed that rivals the Westin's Heavenly Bed and fantastic decor to boot at around ~$110 a night. It is almost impossible to find this kind of deal anywhere. The service and the quality of my stays has made me reconsider my priceline bidding strategies in the cities where Kimpton Hotels are located. For a marginal difference of $20-$30, I am not so sure that the price difference warrants my risking landing an unproven hotel using priceline. As much as the service may not sound "phenomenal" for my review, my general feeling is that they would have gone completely out of their way and would have done outrageous things to make me happy. I was sold. Kimpton you won a loyal customer and a well-deserved 5* review!
