I have so many stories of debauchery from this place that need to be told here for your pleasure. The Congress Plaza Hotel is a total crap hole (yes, that is the technical term). Having lived on the south side previously, it's not the neighborhood that gets me. It's the fact that the hotel is full of employees who don't want to be there (scabs, by the way... The real employees have been on strike for years, and they picket in front every day), classless hotel guests, and security personnel who look like the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, complete with the post-being-in-the-saddle waddling they do. I (luckily) only crashed in a friend's hotel room there during the conference I was attending, but I wouldn't have paid for a room there. They're dirty, the views are terrible, and the hallways are oddly-shaped and confusing. It's like a labyrinth when you get inside. At 1AM, I was standing in the lobby with a gin and tonic when all of a sudden a man ran past me gushing blood out of some orifice in his face (It might have been his nose or eye, or a hole that had recently appeared judging by the amount of blood it had pouring out of it). He ran into the elevator, which he then proceeded to cover in blood as well. To "outrun" the security guards who were now chasing him around, he got off at around the 8th floor, called the OTHER elevator, then took that one back down to the lobby and ran outside, covering both elevators, as well as the entire hotel lobby with blood. That was the highlight of my evening... Hiking up the 12 flights to get back to the room I was staying in because both elevators were covered in hemoglobin. Last, the security guard from the hotel, having seen me in the lobby during the blood fiasco, figured out which room I was going into and had me LOCKED OUT of it so he could question me when I ran up the stairs. He had to go override the lock to make the keys work again. I think that was probably illegal. That's when I gathered my belongings and took the hour-long train ride home instead of staying with my friend again. The CP hotel tries to be high class, but they really aren't. They're notorious for charging huge amounts for "amazing suites" that really aren't that great. For the same money, you could go to a real hotel and not be harassed by the people on strike every time you walk in the front door by someone who's been unemployed and striking for 3 years. If you're under age 50, watch out for the RCMP... They really hate "them damn college kids." They'll follow you to your room.
