I had never heard of Victor Hotel prior to being invited to celebrate my cousin's birthday here. I was excited to spend a great night with family to celebrate a milestone birthday. However, as soon as I arrived at this place with my sister and brother, our excitement quickly waned. There were so many things that ruined the night that I do not know where to begin, so I will just list them. 1. The valet cost $20. Whenever I get raped like that for parking, I am usually attending an event like a concert not going to a dive that thinks it's a hip club. 2. The line Despite informing the dude at the door that we were attending a birthday party in one of the "private" rooms, we were made to wait with others outside in an unnecessary line. The place wasn't even full, so the line was uncalled for and absolutely ridiculous. When the line finally started moving, one of the door guys was going to separate our three-party group by making me wait and letting my brother and sister go ahead. I had to ask him if he was seriously going to separate me from my twin sister! He then let me go with them. We waited in line for 20 minutes! I am over 30. The only time I ever wait in line is for a Prince concert. So, I was not feeling this "velvet rope" thing at all! 3. Mandatory coat check Once we finally made it into the club after my brother being frisked and my sister and I having our purses searched, we were informed that we HAD to check our coats! I have never been anywhere that REQUIRED a coat check. After all, we were attending a party in a "private room," so why the need to coat check? The coat check was $4 and we were not allowed to check our three light coats together. Just another rip off and annoyance. 4. The cover charge I have been to some great clubs in Chicago and NYC. I do not mind paying a hefty cover for a legendary DJ like Frankie Knuckles in a nice club or lounge. However, NOTHING about Victor Hotel is great - not the venue, the decor, the crowd or the music! Nothing warranted a cover charge of $30 for men and $20 for women. NOTHING!!! The cover was a another rip off! 5. The customer service The overall attitude of the people who "work" at this dump was terrible. The first guy I talked to at the door was a jerk who thought he was important because he was working the door at a third-rate club in the meat packing district that is obviously frequented by people who do not know that there are FAR BETTER places to spend your time and money. When I tried to ask whether we had to stand in line as guests of a party in a private room, he was very curt and just dismissed me to the line. The second door guy who was going to separate me from my group was also a jerk who joked that I was going to cry if he separated us. It wasn't that serious, but who does that? It is basic club etiquette to let a group enter together, especially a group of three people!!! The cashier had the worst attitude of all. After my brother paid the ridiculous $70 cover for the three of us, she, with a very stank attitude said, "He needs to give me another $10." I informed her that 30+20+20 = the $70 he had just given her, and she just said, "Oh, ok." Then let my sister and me through. I will say the security guard at the front door who frisked and searched us was cool, as was the lady working the valet at the end of the night. The wait staff for the party did a good job. However, overall the attitude of the main workers was awful and enough alone to make me never return. 6. The "private" room The party was in a "private" room in the back of the club. However, other club patrons continuously walked through the party. There was no rope or security to stop people from entering the party. I have never experienced anything like it. At times, I could not figure out who belonged and who did not. There was NOTHING spectacular about what I could see of the decor. It looked like a basement with chairs. There was no real ambiance. The lighting was terrible. The room was so dark that we could barely see each other. The music was so loud that we had to shout to be heard in a whisper. 7. The music The DJ was horrendous. There are far better bedroom DJs around Chicago than whoever was spinning. For a Saturday night this was pathetic. The DJ played endless Jeezy, Gucci and Weezy peppered with played out tracks from Justin Timberlake (Rock Your Body) and Usher (Bad Girl). Those songs might have been popular five years ago, but in 2011? Really? The music was far too loud. The blends were non-existent and the overall playlist was a Rap/R&B/Pop hodgepodge that sounded like someone's iPod on random. The only positive thing about this rat trap is its proximity to the expressway because as soon as I arrived, I wanted to go back to my car, hit 90/94 and go home! This was my first and last time going to Victor Hotel.
