Meh, not as happy this time around and like many other yelpers mentioned, I feel as if we got not just the short end of the stick, but the sh*t end. (Pardon my French) First, when we checked in the folks at the front desk seemed to have some 'tude. This was a significant change from last time I stayed here when the service was impeccable. Even when I asked them for toothpaste and some safety pins, it seemed like a huge chore. Apparently when you ask for safety "pins" that also equates to just one. As far as service goes, there were a few redeeming factors, like the 'tender at the lobby bar, who was very fun, nice and energetic. Second, the decor is still chic and eco-friendly, but you can tell it's taken a hit over the years. Maybe it was just the room we were assigned (an "01" room right next to the damn elevator) but it was falling apart. It was way smaller than my room was the first time (read: a glorified closet), a huge chunk of decorative tile have been broken off the sink and another random part had fallen off and just placed on the counter. Really? You can't fix that before you place someone in probably your least desirable room in the entire hotel? The bedside lamps looked like they'd been knocked over at least 17 times. You could tell whoever cleaned the room prior to our check-in did a half-assed job. We even got a call from some friends who were also staying there who mentioned someone had taken a #2 in their toilet and they found it when they checked-in. Wow... The saving grace here amongst the elevator dinging and loud chatter all.day.long. was whoever cleaned our room for the rest of our stay. He or she fixed the pieces-parts in our bathroom and really made the place shine. I actually wanted to call the front desk just to give the house keeper praise. And, I realize I'm in Chicago, but $44 per day for parking is out of control. I'm pretty sure they're able to keep this hotel running based on that revenue alone. I now know better than to drive to CHI anymore. I am keeping Hotel Felix at 3 stars because there are still some great things about it, like: they're leed certified, eco-friendly, their 24hr fitness room with filtered water (I brought a cup and kept filling it, bringing it back to my room and enjoyed not paying for the water bottle in our room), the hotel resto is fab (but pricey), the beds are a dream to sleep in, free wi-fi and a great location to pretty much walk anywhere. Word to the wise: If you stay here, tell them at check-in that if they've placed you in a room next to the elevator, to move you--now.
