The best thing about this hotel is the LOCATION! Another nice feature about this hotel is that it does have a little bit newer/updated dcor, but it does not make it "luxury" or 4 star by any means. The main entrance takes you to a small lobby area with some seating and a station for the bellmen, and then a hall that leads to the elevators. The elevators are very small, but luckily we didn't have to wait too long for 1. The check-in/reservation desk, as well as the concierge table, bar/lounge, and restaurant are located on the 2nd floor. I never saw anyone at the concierge table - - would have been a problem had we stayed more than 1 night. The bellman was helpful in assisting with the few questions I did have, though. Check-in/out was fine. We had no problem leaving our bags with the bellmen when we arrived early/before check-in or after check-out. They were able to retrieve our bags quickly with no issues. We had a standard king room and it was very small. I don't mind a small room, but I was surprised by how small it the room was. The TV was nice, there was a desk, the bed looked nice with white bedding and navy piping. The closet was tiny, but again, we were only staying for 1 night, so not a big deal. I think these accommodations are ok for a night or weekend, but I would have been cramped had I been staying for an extended period of time (a week or more). I have read this before, and I will have to agree 100% that the sheets are extremely rough and scratchy! My husband and I both commented on the low quality sheets, which was disappointing. I think nice sheets can make such a huge difference in a hotel. I slept well despite the scratchy sheets. The pillows were soft and comfy.A word of warning: THE WALLS ARE VERY THIN!!!! During the day I heard the man in the room next to us talking on his cell phone. He was speaking with a normal tone/volume and I could hear the entire conversation very clearly, as if he was in the room. That being said, we woke up in the middle of the night to the sound of our neighbors...! WHOA! They weren't even that loud, it was honestly that the walls were incredibly thin. Eeek.The bathroom was small and had a pedestal sink, no counter space, and a more industrial looking toilet with the flush handle similar to a commercial toilet (it's an old hotel). The shower was nice, the marble was nice, and the shower head was actually pretty good and provided decent water pressure and a rainfall spray. The toiletries were limited and included a bar of soap, shampoo, conditioner, and body lotion. They smelled pleasant, but I would have appreciated a shower cap and maybe a body wash.  The towels were fine, they got me dry, but they were quite standard. I guess if you have more toiletries and more luxury towels, the price of the room would just go up, so again, it's what your priorities are, right? I think the hotel, the room, and the bathroom appeared to be clean, but not spotless. If I had been staying for more than 1 night I would have expected more in the way of cleanliness.Overall, I would say this hotel is average - convenient location, nice , but old.  Allerton is definitely not a boutique or luxury hotel, so if that is what you are expecting, you will be disappointed (note that this review is based on a standard king and I am unable to provide an opinion on any upgraded rooms they may offer). We were comfortable and didn't have any major issues or complaints.  I think just having softer, higher quality sheets could make a huge difference in the experience, though. People don't always use the other amenities in a hotel (desk, TV, closet, etc.) but they almost always need a comfortable place to rest (with silky sheets!) We probably won't stay here again, because there are so many other options and I'm not opposed to spending a little more for a true luxury hotel.
