It was my sister's bachelorette party this past weekend and we wanted to stay in a hotel to make it a little more special than crashing at home after the bars. Let me say that we were not the yellong, screaming annoying, typical bachelorette party. We just wanted it to be classy and a good time. No flashing penis' for us! After calling around to what felt like millions hotels, I got ahold of a very friendly call center rep who suggested the Crown Plaza. I told her that it was a party and that we wanted a suite with a sitting area so some of the girls could come and have cocktails before dinner. She was more than helpful and even said she would put a special note that it was a bachelorette party so they would give us special treatment. Special treatment was the very last thing that we recieved! When I went to the front desk to check in the girl couldn't even crack a smile. Her name is Angela by the way. When I told her I was checking in and that we were a bachelorette party the very first thing she said was that "this is a no party hotel, if security gets called we will kicked you out." Seriously? So I politely told her that we were not going to get out of control, it was just a few girls coming to have a drink before dinner. Without a word she handed me my keys and told me my room number. Once in the room we were unpleasently surprised that there was no sitting area. The room just has 2 double beds. I specifically asked for a suite. So I called down to the front desk and miss Angela answered the phone. When I told her that we did not have the right room, she told me that we were only booked for a double bed room and if we wanted to move it would be $50. We were already paying $280 for the room, I was not about to cave for another $50. I tried reasoning with her but she refused to budge. She never apologized for the inconvience or even tried to be polite. When I told her that we might have to find another hotel she told me that we already had checked in and would have to be charged the full amount if we left.  I was pissed. So we decided to stay and I would deal with the bitchy lady the next day. When I went to check out I talked to the girl at the desk ( a different one). I told her how extremely unhappy I was witht their hotel. She was a lot better (the only reason I gave 2 stars instead of 1). She told me that I should have had the suite and that they did over charge me for the double room. She very kindly lowered the bill which I appreciated. She also told me that Angela was a supervisor. If that is a suporvisor at a 4 star hotel, then I would hate to see one at a 2 star.  There are a lot of hotels in Chicago. I would not suggest the Crown Plaza.
