Overall I think we got what we paid for. I liked the location. Right on Michigan within reasonable (to my wife and I) walking distances to the museums and loop. Slightly out of the way for walking to anywhere much north like the Mag Mile or Navy Pier. The rooms were reasonably sized. They were an odd mixture of very new and modern very old barely maintained fixtures from when the hotel was built in the 60s. For example, new marble sink counter and newer white bathroom tile with a bathroom door that must have had 12 coats of paint on it. The wireless Internet was pretty annoying. You had to get a pass code from the front desk for every 24 hour use. I wish I could have just paid for wireless the entire stay. One day housekeeping took our door tag and I had to get a new one from the front desk. Another day, our neighbor across the hall took it.  The staff at the front desk was always courteous and willing to help. We stayed for a week and had to play an interesting game of musical rooms. Before flying out, my wife called to confirm that we'd have our requested king-sized bed. After we checked in and got into our room, we discovered...two full-sized beds. We complained and they put us into a very nice corner room with a queen.  We would have loved to have stayed there but there was an incredible banging of pipes, presumably due to the cold weather fighting with the heating. To get a feel for how this sounded, take a metal pot and start tapping it with a spoon increasingly harder for about 2 minutes. Stop for 10 minutes. Repeat. Imagine sleeping under these conditions. One desk member acted surprised and another said, "Yeah, I've heard of people having problems in the corner rooms". There was no way we could sleep in there another night so we got yet another room but since it was the weekend, all they had were rooms with twin beds. Given that we couldn't sleep in the other room, we had no choice but were told that the next day they'd have rooms available with king-sized beds. Sure enough they did. Except the lights on the bed did not work and the toilet seat would not stay up. At this point I was tired of the moving and wasn't bother by peeing sitting down for the rest of my stay. For a one or two night stay, I wouldn't have any problems returning. But for any longer, forget it.
