Hotwire landed me here for $75/night. Since I wanted a Loop hotel that wasn't a hooker hotel but still within my "work is NOT paying for this" budget. So I was not unpleased that I'd be staying here. My grandparents' best friends had honeymooned here, so it had some third-hand nostalgia going for it. Throw in a fab location, and I was thrilled when I walked in. If the hotel were a person, it'd be old-money. (Like the cranky great-aunt you hope to inherit from.) But like old-money, there's some rust around the edges. The lobby is amazingly gorgeous. No hands down. The guest rooms... kinda small and shabby, for a Hilton. The closet and bathroom were tiny. There was only about a foot of clearance betwixt door and dunny in the loo, and that doesn't really work. There was only about 6" of vanity space on either side of the sink. I'm sure this was standard when the place was built, and it's modern standards that have changed. But still. It's a bit cramped, and it was just me in the room. Realistically, it's an older building, and a skyscraper at that, which is going to entail lots of structural support to work around. Revamping the guest rooms would probably entail knocking down walls and re-doing entire floors, which would be disruptive to other guests, a loss of revenue, and there'd be fewer rooms available in the end. (I think. I'm a CPA, not an architect, but to my amateur eyes, it does not look like it'd be an easy remodel.) Sorry. HGTV moment. Where was I?  Also like old money, this place can be cheap in irritating ways. $15 (or more) for internet in your room, and wired at that, so no surfing while sitting in bed. $7 for an hour for internet in the lobby. WTF? On the one hand, if I lived in Chicago, and the lobby had free internet, I'd be inclined to take up space there quite often. On the other hand, $7 for an hour of internet in the lobby??  I've never been somewhere where internet in the lobby came at a price.  (There was too much stone for my T-Mobile smart phone to get any signal. Which meant I missed a couple calls. Grr.) Thanks to Yelp I was forewarned about early check-in fees and late check-out fees. I was honestly surprised that storing my luggage didn't come with a fee.  I didn't interact much with the staff, but they seemed very professional, especially at the front desk. (I'd put my hotel room keycard behind the magnet closure in my purse, so I had to get it re-programmed at 1:00am. They asked for ID, which is reassuring, for safety reasons.) I'm glad I came here, at least once. The public areas are beautiful, and I like pretty architecture. I probably wouldn't seek it out again as a place to stay, though. I would, however, definitely be willing to meet people in the lobby for cocktails. As long as we didn't expect to use our cell phones to find each other.
