I'd really give this 3.5 stars if I could. It was a little better than "OK". I'm kind of conflicted with this place. The location is awesome. Seriously. There are plenty of places to eat and shop within a 15 min walk. The area is very posh and clean - it's the Magnificent Mile for goodness sake! However, a few things kind of rubbed me the wrong way. Some of them are things that the Westin could improve, others are just things you'd find anywhere in downtown Chicago and I should learn to deal with. First of all, forget self-parking unless you want to park at the Hancock across the street - even then I think you'll pay ~$40/day.  Parking at the Westin is $53/day. I thought San Francisco was bad at $30 ish/day. Oh well, that's part of staying downtown and it's not like the Westin is the only one price gouging. OK, I'll move on. The rooms were small and boring - far too clinical for my taste. Boring white walls, etc. The beds are awesome - that comes with the territory when you're dealing with Westin or the W. My bathroom had a faulty toilet. There was a TON of mold/mildew built up in the corners of the tub (both outside and inside). What's disturbing is that they just tried to rub caulking over it rather than actually fix the problem. I meant to take pictures and forgot. However, feel free to visit room 949 and you'll get to enjoy it as well. :p Wireless internet access is pretty awful (when you can get it to work). It sucks being tethered to the desk but I had no choice most of the time. Room service prices were STUPID. Example: Small Cobb Salad and bowl of soup w/ glass of water. $40. WTF? $5 delivery charge, 5% service charge, etc. They charged me double for parking on one of the days - that's $106 folks! They fixed it of course. The front desk personnel are great - no issues with them at all. I really liked the servers at The Grill (during breakfast). They pretty much rocked and actually had a personality. So, if this Westin was in a worse location, I'd never return. However, it is in a great location and they do run specials from time to time. I just can't help but think that there might be better options out there for the money.
