I attended a conference in Chicago last year and the Hyatt was one of the conference hotels. Because of the Hyatt name, there was no decision to make; of course, I would stay at the Hyatt. When we arrived, check in was easy and the staff offered us the opportunity to upgrade our room to a Deluxe room. At only $15.00 more night, I thought the amenities definitely sounded worth it. When I initially entered my room, I was impressed by the design and concept. It had an Oriental feel to it and reminded me of some of the boutique type hotels I have stayed in the past. I noticed on the surface that the room was rather dirty. When I sat down at the desk, the leather placemat was very sticky. On the bathroom vanity, there were numerous soap type stains. I was able to easy rub them off with a damp washcloth. The walls were dirty, both in the bathroom and bedroom. Both the carpet and the bedspread on my bed had cigarette burns on them. This was rather surprising since I was in a non-smoking room. The carpet was more understandable, but I was surprised that a bedspread with two burns on it would be used. I also noticed that the "plush bathrobes" promised by the check-in staff was not in the room. I called to have a robe delivered and when I put it on the next morning, it had a big rip in the front of it. I had dinner out, came back to the room and put on my pajamas. I was a bit disappointed that we did not get the "turn down service" we were promised. It something I enjoy while traveling and makes me feel a bit pampered. I pulled back the bedspread and noticed much debris on the sheet. Initially, I tried to brush the sheet off, but on further inspection, I noticed there were at least five hairs on the sheets. It was really disgusting. I did contact housekeeping and the sheets were changed by a very nice woman named Sarah. She did have much difficulty finding sheets that were not torn. After 20 minutes, I told her I didn't care if they were torn; I just wanted them to be clean. She did replace the burnt bedspread and apologized that it was used. I also did not receive the daily newspaper. I did call and re-request the turndown service the next night; I received it on night #2, but not #3. I suppose overall I was very disappointed by the room that I received. I did call to complain several times (robe, turn down service, dirty sheets) but no one seemed too concerned about me. I don't know if I should have pursued it more while I was there, I felt like I was being too picky, but when I got home, my husband thought the room sounded terrible.
