i love spg. i love W. i love THIS W hotel!!! at first i was a bit disappointed that i was not staying at the W hotel downtown and had to settle for the W hotel lakeshore. i've stayed at the one downtown near the sears tower but i think i would actually chose this location instead. if you're into walking, you can walk from one to the other but it is a bit far. the lakeshore location is near the navy pier which you can see from your hotel room. it is also close to the magnificent mile for shopping! for the rooms there are two options: lake view room and city view rooms (self explanatory). the set up for the two is the same essentially, just your view is different. im not in the hotel room long enough to really care. the rooms are spacious. i got a double bed room and the two of us had plenty of room. i love the bliss brand shampoo, conditioner, face wash, bar soap, and lotion they give you! the design of the room almost seemed like you were living in a cabana. there were two door wooden shutters from the bathroom that you can look out into the room. wierd at first b/c you can look into the bathroom but then convenient when you had people in your room and you can socialize while getting ready in the bathroom. this W like all W's are beautiful and modern. it's like you're entering a club 24/7. i stayed over the weekend (fri-sun) and the lobby was busy both nights. when you check-in, they offer you a free drink ticket at that bar!! there were 4 of us in our mid-20s and we wanted to go out and had NO idea were to go.. so one of us asked the concierge where to go and he gave us some suggestion and his card. at first we were hesitant to go b/c we werent sure if they were just selling the place b/c they were getting a commission or if this place was actually good. we first went to a jazz bar which was cool b/c they were playing live music. we didnt stay too long but it was a good experience b/c chicago has such a lively music scene. we then took a taxi to Y club and got in line. the bouncer said the club was closed only to people on the guestline or cover was $20/person. then my friend said that our concierge from the W gave us his card and said we could get in for free. and the bouncer was like ''oooh you're with the W.. go on in" same thing happened at crescendo! both pretty high scale lounge/clubs. we saved $40/person just by talking to our concierge. if you dont' call that service, i dont konw what is!! also while i was waiting in the lobby for a taxi, a couple walks in with 3 dogs, one about 70lbs the other two about 10lbs. and i spoke to them a bit and they said the westin has a really good dog policy. theres no extra charge, just a deposit in case of any damage. don't know how true that is but if you want to bring your dog along with you, W's are the place to go! anyway, highly recommended. there was a good mix of younger people, as well as families. a little bit of everything for anyone.
