A pleasant surprise, indeed. I have driven, and walked by Hotel 71 countless times- and somehow I always got the impression that it was an outdated hotel in a great location. Well, I was wrong. Very wrong. I had a Groupon to stay at Hotel 71 for less than $100 a night. Quite the feat for this part of town. Given that the rate was so low- I chose to upgrade to one of their King River View Rooms for a few more dollars. An excellent choice as my room was on the 12th floor- and looked right down the Chicago River, and all its bridges- a beautiful view day or night. When I arrived at the hotel- the valet took my car ( a little pricey at $43 but in line with other places in the area) and I walked up to the front desk. The front desk clerk was welcoming and pleasant and had no issue in dealing with my Groupon or the special request that I had of him. You see- I was staying in town to go to a concert and I had a couple of tickets I was leaving for friends at the front desk. Given the value of the tickets and the fact that the concert was that night- there was little margin for error. He said it wouldn't be a problem, they do it all the time and he was right. My friends picked up the tickets with no problem. Nice. My room was large with a plush king sized bed with tons of pillows. The bathroom was also large and came with only a shower- no tub. The amenities were similar to a mid range hotel- nice but not luxurious. The towels functional but not sumptuous. The toiletries fine but not high end. But all in all a good deal for the money all the way around. If you want something to eat there is a cafe on the ground floor and of course room service. All it seemed to be lacking to me was a bar area where I could have had a drink while waiting on a friend of mine. But since the weather was so fine- I wandered across the river and had a few outside at Smith and Wollensky instead. Check out was seamless. The valet brought my car out in less than 5 minutes and I was on my way. But not before thinking was a great deal this hotel is- right in the heart of the city!
