Where do I start??? So bad I couldn't even give it a star!! But forced to in order to complete this review! Check in was fine, they did allow us to check in early. I requested a non-smoking room.  I had gone online to use their concierge service which is supposed to be an easier way to request amenities. We went to Chicago to celebrate my mom's 67th birthday so it as supposed to be an amazing experience! I ordered my mom a fruit basket for one of her surprises which she never got even after ordering it twice. However, concierge did send her wine with chocolates for her birthday. And after the 2nd non receipt of my amenity for my mom they sent us three apples with a card congratulating me for my birthday! (rolls eyes) Before arriving to Chicago, I sent a request for dinner reservations at a great Mexican restaurant I got a phone call that their restaurants would be closed!! What the hell kind of shit is that? You are a hotel you don't close shit down when you have hotel guests in your hotel!! Ok fine the concierge was supposed to book me a reservation for 2 on my mom's birthday which was on the 24th of December, so I get a phone call from Dwayne saying that a lot of places were closed but he would try to find a place that was open.  I had checked with the concierge and that is when I found out that their restaurant was closed and that they had gotten us a reservation at Mexx. So we settled in and got ready for dinner. We had a great dinner. However they had us down for dinner on Christmas day??!! Hmm... Someone messed that up! Go figure! As with any information obtained from the concierge it was misinformation after misinformation! From where to find free Wi-Fi to where I could find some soul food!! I was also told that I could not find food after midnight and that my only option was room service or the deli down in the lobby. I didn't want either of those options! Pissed I called the front desk and told her that I wanted to transfer the room to my mom because I wanted to check out, she tried to counter act the misinformation about food access by telling me that there was definitely places that deliver to the hotel up until 5am but didn't seem phased that I wanted to leave. Made me feel swell!!!!! Thank god I know people who live there and from there or I would have been stuck. The Room... We booked through Priceline. So I didn't pay that much per night, had I paid more I would have demanded a refund!! It reeked of cigarette smoke and it took 2 days to go away. The room had dust that covered some parts of the room was so thick I could write in it! The bathroom had chipped tile, a broken tub drain, and a loose screw that held the curtain rod to its hinges.  A little advice read all hotel reviews; call the hotel in advance to make sure they are 100% before booking!! And if you are unhappy with your room no matter how much you pay for it speak to a manger. I just don't understand why this hotel received 4 stars!!! It so does not deserve it. The whole staff had no way to compensate for their lack of customer service skills and or their screw ups. I didn't cause a scene because of my mom. Rest assured we won't ever stay in a Hyatt. Priceline should know when a hotel is not 100% operational or is undergoing construction which is one of the excuses I heard from the front desk as to why there were putting us in a tower across the street.
