Even though I live nearby, we decided to spend a night at the Ritz for my birthday. What a fun and extravagant experience it was! The hotel is beautiful, the service wonderful, and the atmosphere decadent! Some things I really loved and appreciated: The room: -L'occitane bath products, the amazingly comfortable pillow top bed, the humongous windows, temperature control, beautiful bathroom, and a waiting bottle of champagne on ice with chocolate covered strawberries to welcome us!  -The window drapes totally block out any bit of light which leads to amazing sleep. -Also appreciated the phone in the bathroom (which actually came in handy once when I needed to call down but didn't want to wake up my boyfriend), turn-down service which comes with bottled water, a wonderful view of the city.  -He also asked to have chocolate cake sent up to celebrate my birthday and what arrived at 8:30 on the dot was an amazing chocolate cupcake complete with candles, matches, and a bottle of Evian to enjoy. The hotel: -The lobby is gorgeous, with crystal chandeliers and a fountain and a jazz band playing in the evening.  -The service was super nice. I actually had a cold and needed some Advil, and called down late to see if the gift shop was still open. They asked me to come down to the front desk, where I was asked if I was looking for medication (indeed I was) and offered a tray of options. Cost $9 but was totally needed and I'm glad I didn't have to make a late-night run to find a convenience store. -Also each time you call the operator for help they call you by your name which is a nice touch. -Attached to Water Tower which was great for a little shopping I had been meaning to catch up on. Some random things that could be better, but are not enough of a big deal to change the rating from 5 to 4 stars: -You have to take to sets of elevators to get to your room, and the elevators are a little small so sometimes you have to wait a little -Although my boyfriend added my name to the room (we checked in separately)--when I arrived I was treated a little like I was trying to sneak in or something, and it's interesting how the service is for a customer vs. a potential customer. Very mild difference, but definitely different.  -There is a way to plug in your Iphone/Ipod into the TV to play music--however it is cumbersome (you have to download and sign up for this app called LodgeNet Mobile) and it takes a bit of time, and even then I couldn't figure out how to use it. -The wifi is free but not that good, actually turned it off and used my 3G network which worked a lot better. I admit I am super-high maintenance, but I loved loved loved the Ritz. For a fun night in the city I would definitely come back again! Can't wait to try the spa next time!
