There's no Chicago luxe like late 19th century Chicago luxe. Because of it's uniqueness, beauty, and proximity to the Shedd Aquarium, we selected the Palmer House for our wedding weekend room block. I had been to the Palmer House for fabulous and fun events before, but never before stayed there. The special events staff is very easy to work with and quick to reply to emails. It seemed like our event kept changing hands, but that everyone seemed to know what was going on. We kept adding guests after our rate had supposedly ended, and they did it without fuss. One of those rooms was a room for me for Friday night, a reservation which I made myself with the special events manager. First impressions arriving were pretty good. If you are not valeting a car (which is really expensive) that needs to stand for about 10 minutes while you unload, I would highly recommend entering on the Monroe and NOT the Wabash side. The L passing overhead on Wabash is deafening. The porters brought out two carts to carry our suitcases and 6 dresses (for my mom, sister, and I for the rehearsal and the wedding). They told us to check in and get comfortable and they would bring it right up. They did, which was great service. Now when my sister and I got to the room, I was shocked to see how tiny it was.This was one of the older, not rehabbed rooms. I mean, I know it's an old hotel, but still! I was calling as the bride for a 60-room wedding block and that was the best they had? I ended up hanging my dress from the air conditioning vent because the closet wasn't big enough for it, and we had to move it over like a curtain to exit the room. In terms of sleeping, I thought that the mattress in the room was too soft. You may think I was being a princess on the room size, but I definitely was not. The next morning, my sister/maid of honor forced me to "sleep in" (awoke at 5:30am -- sleep fail), and then she ordered us room service. When the server arrived, he said, "Good morning -- wow, this is a small room!" THAT's how you know it's a small room -- when the man who has probably seen half the hotel and who is probably coached on making you feel like a welcomed guest comments on it! Anyway, the deluxe oatmeal my sister got us was very good.  That afternoon, we checked into a suite. Wooooooooohooooo! Talk about an upgrade! For about twice the price, we got five times the space: two bathrooms, a master bedroom, a dining room, a full desk, a living room/TV space, and a half kitchen. It was completely redone, as was the entire 10th floor. It was the perfect space to cyclone through before your big day -- shoes all over the floor, flower boxes, bobby pins flying everywhere. That suite could handle it. I slept like a rock in there. The regular rooms being cleaned that I peeked into while going down the hallways also looked very nice. If you have the cash or are willing to splurge for a special occasion, I say do it! The rich, ornate lobby and city streets that surround the Palmer House are gorgeous and perfect for touring, entertainment, and for photography. The lobby bar serves some very good drinks, including a seriously decked-out Bloody Mary. One thing about the lobby bar though -- the bartenders were pretty creepy to me. Another friend described them as total jerks. We had reserved a separate suite for the wedding after-party, and that purpose was expressly communicated to the Palmer House. The hotel failed to move one very ornery guest next door to the suite who was complaining at 4pm about noise coming from the suite when 6 friends were watching a football game. So we knew there was going to be trouble later. Sure enough, at 1:00am when our guests come back, there's a knock on the door. 3 hotel staff tell us we have to stop. My husband flatly and loudly tells them that that's not a solution we'll accept because they knew the purpose of the room and they knew this guest who was complaining was a problem earlier. I also reminded them about the business we're driving to the hotel. Eventually, one of the staff persons gets the brilliant idea to take us down to one of the party/conference rooms on the lower level of the hotel. Way to problem solve! We pick up all the champagne and music and follow him, and the party merrily continued on until 5:30am (sans me and Alex). The next morning, we had a nice farewell breakfast at the hotel. I would avoid anything on biscuits -- they were too buttery or something. The texture was off. We continued to lounge around in the hotel lobby with friends and family for about 2 hours after we checked out without hassle. Friends of ours who were staying in Chicago for several days but had checked out of the Palmer House that morning were able to leave their bags with the front desk for at least 24 hours.
