We just got back home from the Radisson. This place is just awesome.Parking is underground, as with most of Chicago's hotel, it is $43 daily and does not offer in/out privilege. Valet parking is $53 daily. The underground parking was a bit of a maze, as it seems to handles more than just the Radisson, and depending on where you are parked, you may not be close to the elevators that are for the Radisson, otherwise you come out from the side and have to walk around the building. No big dealThe lobby was beautiful, nice fresh light brown/cream color, the lighting was soft, not overpowering. From the lobby you have access to Filini restaurant and bar. It seems that it was always busy with people walking in and out all the time. The bar was all white, with all sorts of bottles throughout the wall. I did not have a chance to try the bar or restaurant. Check in was fast and quick, I was greeted by my name and thanked for being a Club Carlson member. I was asked if I have stayed before at Radisson, which I haven't. The check in area was lightly colored and very bright lighting. I booked a executive/business room package, which allowed me early check in, I actually checked in @ 11am. Our room was on the 17th floor with lounge access. The common hallways where light green/gray in color with soft lighting. I got 2 queen beds, overlooking Chicago River and Navy Pier. Room decor was modern, European style, carpeting on the bedroom was actually light blue, also the comforter. It took me some time to get used to the color, but it was not bad at all. Bed was comfortable, 2 plushy pillows per bed, with 2 extras on the closet. The mini bar was completely full with amenities and the prices I found them to be reasonable. The mini bottles were around $5-$6, soda $3. My only complaint is that they did not give you any room to cool a bottle of water or can of soda. The bathroom was very spacious, the shower and toilet where side by side, like in a closet, sharing a glass sliding door. The shower is similar to those of Aloft hotels by Sheraton, with a rainshower head, and a shower wand. This hotel does not skimp on towels, we got 4 each, large, medium & small. They were very soft and heavy. The whole bathroom floor was dark with glass crystals that gave different colors as the light shined. My wife was very pleased with the amenities kit in the bathroom, though I forgot the brand name. The coffee machine was a Nespresso and it came with 6 pods of coffee.The lounge was in the 17th floor also, by the elevator area, overlooking Millennium park, it also has a deck too. It was also lightly colored with blue chairs. It is open from 6am-10pm. You need room key for access to it. It is unmanned between 10am-4:30pm. They have a wide selection of magazines and a tv viewing area. You can rent out free of charge an ipad if you have a business package. Breakfast is from 6am-10am, it consisted of oatmeal, plantains, hard boiled eggs, pastries and fruits. Refreshment had juice, soda, water (gas and no gas) a coffee and tea area. Lounge is still open after breakfast, except they only leave the tea, coffee (Nespresso machine), soda water and the fruit tray. From 4:30pm they have a welcome reception with wine, champagne and beer. They also had some chips, crackers and nuts. Beer was Bud, Bud light, Stella, Lagunita, and 2 local Chicago craft beer from Argus Brewery.The third floor gives you access to the indoor and outdoor pool, sauna, exercise room, and an outdoor recreation area with a park like setting. Nicely landscape with a .5 mile softly padded exercise track that goes around the hotel, and pool area. There are some bbq grills throughout the area for the residents, cabanas, and benches all around.Second floor gives you access to the restaurant.We were very pleased with this stay, the hotel is beautiful, fresh, crisp and hip. I will certainly recommend it to anyone. It is within walking distance to Millennium Park, Michigan Ave, and State St.
