My company hosted a 3-day seminar here so I had a room in the newer wing of the hotel for 4 nights on my boss's dime. The three stars represent my persepective as a paying customer, not as someone with an expense account (I would give them four stars from that perspective). First of all, the staff here are fabulous. My room was spotless every night when I returned to it. The banquet staff who catered our seminar were cheerful and seemed to honestly care that we were getting good service. Food was kept hot and replenished regularly, and the service was seemless. In that respect we were well taken care of. The service itself was definitely 5 stars. I do feel, for this caliber of hotel, that the management nickles and dimes its customers, however. My room was almost three hundred a night, and along with that cost, I had to pay $17.99 for wi-fi access, a bottle of Evian in my room was priced at $7, a 375ml bottle of Clos de Bois in the mini bar was priced at $24 (come on man! this stuff is just two steps up from jug wine), and they wanted $5 for a toothbrush, which most hotels give away for free as a courtesy to harried travelers who forgot theirs. We didn't bring enough power strips for the seminar and was charged $25 per day to use one of thiers. Had I the time, I would have just run to Office Depot to buy one instead of spending $100 of my company's money that could have gone into my bonus check. Lame. The location is very convenient, with lots of stores and restaurants nearby, but the area is a bit to hoity toity for my tastes over the span of 4 days. Michigan Ave. was off the hook last night with the Blackhawks Stanley Cup win - every sports bar in the area was spilling Chi-towners into the streets to hoot and holler about it. Just know you will be in the thick of things here. Also know that the hotel bar is quite popular. I actually could not get a seat at the bar one night, it was so crowded, but I ended up taking a cab to a less-toney part of town to drink anyway and be with my "people." Worth staying here if you aren't footing the bill for sure. Maybe a bit much if you are.
