This hotel was the perfect start to our mini-vacation: a long weekend in Chicago. The location is awesome, right in the loop so super close to any line of the El train. Also was within walking distance of all the restaurants I had chosen.  Everything from walking in and having someone jump up to hold the doors for us, to the grand staircase as we entered, to the super funky dcor of the lobby told us that this was going to be an experience in itself. Little did we know... I had done my research ahead of time to know that not only does the hotel offer a free wine reception every evening (sweet!), but they also have a "code word" that you can use to get a special surprise when you check in. I was expecting a $10 voucher for the restaurant, or something of that scale. What we actually received was a king suite on the top floor of the hotel. I think that's the biggest hotel room I've ever been in. Our jaws dropped as we entered and began to look around. I crossed the room to the bathroom where I saw that we had a Jacuzzi tub! I called out to my boyfriend to tell him, only to find out that he was also checking out a bathroom. For those not keeping up, we had two bathrooms. Man did I ever feel pampered!  The dcor in the room was awesome too. Definitely nothing like what I would do in my own home, but I loved the funky design of the wallpaper and the blue picture of a cello. It was so nice that we didn't even mind when I got heat exhaustion and spent the second half of Sunday in the room! We ordered delivery from Lou Malnati's and relaxed. My only complaint is that the walls were pretty thin, so we could hear the tv in the bordering rooms sometimes, but it didn't really bother us at all. Also, for at least one day two of the three elevators were out of commission, but they worked on that fairly quickly, and allowed us to use the service elevators in the meantime. Honestly, everything else was so amazing that I'm going to give it a 5 star rating anyways! All in all, I loved this hotel, and would definitely stay there again. Thanks for an awesome weekend Kimpton!
