We held our wedding here on 1/24/09.... PENTHOUSE - I stayed here with my girlfriends the Friday night before the wedding, they allowed us to check in very early and we transported all of my stuff there at that time, we had just come from having a mani/pedi party at a salon by my house and so we relaxed and watched TV and hung out. All of us girls got ready in the HUGEmarble bathroom for the rehearsal dinner. The room was wired for an ipod and had surround sound speakers in every room so we blasted music and proceeded to drink champagne. I highly recommend booking this room even if you are not holding your wedding at The James, it had a separate living room, dining room and bedroom, the bathroom was HUGE and I never once felt cramped with all my girls, mothers, etc in there. This was where we all got ready the day of and where my husband and I stayed after the wedding, they allowed us a 4:00pm check out on Sunday. CEREMONY: We held our Ceremony at The James in a Chevron round (I think that is what they call it) basically it was a semi circle around the chuppah. We loved it because all of our guests were right up close to us. The James's lighting was great and included in the price so I think that was a added benefit. FOOD/RECEPTION: This was one of the main reasons we booked The James Hotel. My Husband wanted David Burke to cater the meal. We had Lobster bisque with a crab roll to start, then salad, then an option of Chicken or a HUGE filet mignon, then we had wedding cake and their famous Cheesecake Lollipops for the table. It was amazing. The cocktail hour appetizers were amazing and people are still raving about the food. It is not a typical wedding meal it is treated and served like a fine dining experience. The only down side to that is that our dinning portion of the evening lasted almost 2 hours and cut into dancing. Once we realized how long it was taking we asked for the service to be sped up and they did. A++ for the food. This is not hit or miss, it is a sure thing. AFTER PARTY/THE JAMES CLUB: We had mini kobe beef cheeseburgers and truffle fries brought into the James Club which is a room off the Great room with a pool table, flat screens, and a bar. We also paid for an hour or two of extra open bar for our guests. We hooked up an ipod and were good to go. This was a great idea and everyone loved it. We actually got more time to visit with out of town guests during this part of the night.
