W hotels and "child-friendly" are two terms that don't normally go together. Usually, the trendy euro vibe, techno music and stylish bar/lounge make it the kind of place that parents used to go to. However, this W is different. The location next to Navy Pier and all of the child-friendly parks and activities in the neighborhood mean that parents with young kids flock here, especially on a holiday weekend.  The hotel itself seems to have an identity crisis about this. Others have mentioned the poor use of the rooftop - the event-only space that apparently used to be a great restaurant. On the pool level, a great outdoor patio overlooking Ohio St Beach and Lake Michigan is poorly utilized with a small, lonely bar and a few high tables. Where are the lounge chairs and the music that would give it a Rio or Miami-style vibe? Instead, with a small grill serving hot dogs and burgers, it had a family cookout feel, and it shut down around 8 (perhaps because the kids needed to get to bed). Speaking of kid-friendly areas, the pool area has no hot tub, but comes with pool toys so that the young ones can have fun. It's also difficult to get food and drink service there (apparently you have to pay a 20% service charge and a delivery fee if you want anything other than the kid friendly food and limited bar on the patio.) One more gripe - in the morning, hot water was iffy in the shower - maybe it's tough to get it all the way up to the 32 floor. With all that said, since I wasn't traveling with kids, you may wonder why this place gets 3 stars? The answer? The view from a room on a high floor is downright breathtaking - get a room with a lake view if at all possible. The view can stand toe-to-toe with any ocean view on a sunny day, and is well worth seeing for yourself. The room was laid out so that you could see the view from everywhere (including the shower). The peaceful beauty of it might even help soothe you after a day with the kids. If the W starts a family-friendly line, this might be ground zero. But for the single partiers, guys/ladies nights out or young couples, I say go for the other W - City Center. For families and those that love a nice view, come on over - you won't be alone.
