OK, I'ma preface this by saying I'm only writing this review of this place I've been to once because it's the only "new" place I've been to in awhile, and I guess I'm long overdue for a review. Also, I only went here because my friend was deejaying, and I drove all the way to Dekalb from work to pick up my other friend who's car broke down and then drove all the way to Chicago only to get lost for over 2 MORE hours because my friend the "navigator" that I picked up thought that our dj friend told him to turn on FULLERTON when it was FULTON the entire time. All in all I drove basically 6 hours to get to this damn place so I'm already a little biased walking in here. First of all, there's a dress code apparently (even though my dj friend said there wasn't.) After some explaining and talking to a bouncer and a manager they let us in with our sneakers as long as I took off my hat. Awesome bouncer, but right off the bat I find out it's not the kind of place I would normally go to. Secondly, drinks. It was sponsored by Hennessey that night but unfortunately it didn't do a damn thing for drink prices. $6 for the average selection of beers and $8 a mixed drink and $9 a shot. Average prices for some clubs but this ain't exactly the place you can get your "drink on" on my budget. Thirdly, Victor "HOTEL?" Not only did my friend get the streets mixed up, but we were looking for an actual hotel the whole time. What's the deal with these places with false-advertisey names? (Like US Beer Company, which is not an actual brewery or anything and they run out of beers a lot of times too.) Are people actually running out of names for these clubs and bars? I know it's a "thing" but call it "Victor Club" or "Victor you'll never find us in this meat-packing district bar" or something. There's a couple of little rooms from what I could see, not sure if they were VIP and I believe there was an upstairs as well (which I'm also unsure of its VIP statusness.) I mostly congregated around the dj stage drinking my anger away. Apparently they were doing live art somewhere too which I was too late to witness. The music is a moot point because I obviously liked it since my friend was deejaying, so I'm not sure what their normal selection of music is but by the judging of all of Frodo's cousins there looking confused (the Douche Baggins) I got a feeling that they weren't playing what the normal crowd comes to hear. Parking is valet only unless you're lucky to find a spot (which is nigh impossible.) All in all, the online magazine that was throwing this party is trying new adventurous things and places, but I don't think this particular place is one I'm coming back to. Two and a half stars. Hey, it could be great for all I know, but I don't care. SIX-HOURS.
