As the venue for our Law School Prom (yes, I did indeed say "PROM"), this hotel was very average. The ballroom was beautifully done and impressive with its high ceilings and flowery viney gilt doohickeys all over (I'm sure there's an architectural term for this of which I'm just wholly ignorant). Although the '80s-/'90s-/Miami-Vice-inspired light-up dance floor was slightly incongruous with these flowery viney ceiling and wall decorations, the light-up dance floor was definitely WAY awesome when the (horrifically outdated and spectacularly BAD) DJ played "Billie Jean," the highlight of my evening. Was the DJ that bad? Yes, he really was THAT bad. If I knew who he was, his review would make my Barnes & Noble review look like a feather floating in the wind. I did find it a little odd that the ballroom was a two-story setup such that there were twelve tables or so on the second floor, too. This seems like poor planning, and while it makes for a pretty room and more space for the hotel to rent out, it also makes for an inefficient means for the people seated up there to access the dance floor. ANYway, while the decor was generally pretty beautiful and slightly eclectic, I was very disappointed with the quality of the food. Granted, it was hotel food. I understand that. Unfortunately, it was reeeeeally bad hotel food. A three course meal (salad, entree, and dessert), the salad was the best of the three and that's mainly because it's probably really hard to mess up a basic salad as long as the greens are fresh. The chicken was bland and the deceptively rich-and-creamy-looking sauce was just that -- DECEIVING! The cheesecake (not on my list of favorite desserts in the first place) was oddly-textured. So disappointing. In the end, although the Drake would have apparently cost ~40% more for our tickets, I would happily have paid that amount because my experience with their food was in the past much more satisfying and the single-story layout is more conducive to cohesive group identity (i.e. being able to stumble onto the dance floor together without having to navigate any stairs).
