Gorgeous hotel! I loved staying here - thanks to good ole Priceline bidding for $65/night. Nice. Valet w/ In & Out privileges for $51? Not so nice. But self-parking at their lot is just a few steps away for $36. My dad chose to park a block away for $25 all day/night. Internet is also $15. I'd rate this 3.5, but will give it 4 instead of 3 because it's so pretty inside. I'm easily swooned by this type of decor. We stayed here for the sole purpose of sleeping - I didn't even get a chance to see the pool or anything else. We road tripped from Houston to Chicago to Niagara Falls all within a week! Our room on the 21st floor wasn't small, we were in a corner room so one view was skyscrapers, the other Millennium Park. No complaints regarding room size/view! I didn't realize we were right next to the train tracks, but the sounds didn't really bother us. We got settled in around 9 PM on a weekday, didn't know where to dine or what was open, so we just wandered and hoped to find something. Sadly, most restaurants were closed or closing by then and the few places I had wanted to eat (via Yelp reviews) were too far. I'm definitely researching more in advance next time! The bellhops were all really nice - taking bags to the room once we were settled in, storing our luggage, etc. I saw the receptionist offer everyone else in line bottled water - but didn't offer us any! Concierge was not helpful when we were trying to find information about Chicago Trolley tours. She just said "wait at CVS and you'll see someone there." No one was there! Luckily, the Palmer House is one of their stops and we were able to get on when it stopped at the light. The Corner Bakery Cafe is right next to the hotel, so we ate there for breakfast before going on our tour! I don't think I'll be paying $4 for a banana at the hotel restaurant anytime soon.. If you do want to eat at Lockwood & if the bellhop brings your bags up, they should offer you a 20% off coupon to Lockwood. I'm totally in love with Chicago now (visiting in the summer helps) and I would definitely stay here again if I got this deal.
