I will never go back to Roof at the Wit Hotel... what a horrible experience there today 01/01/11... The service sucks and people that work there were very unprofessional &  extremely rude! They think that walking around patrolling the bar with their little secret service ear pieces make them feel more powerful, They are wrong about that, this give them a sense of power that they DO NOT have! We had been with some people that had been staying in the hotel that weekend. We had been ordering drinks and having an OK time, I then wanted to suggest a couple songs from the DJ "Trentino" AKA the Midget! who sucked By The Way! And then we had been quickly confronted by one of the security personal that obviously had napoleon complex and a power struggle complex, because he swiftly told me that I was not allowed near the DJ booth and he then proceeded to stand in front of me trying to be a jerk, He and the other security officers had starred me down and then shortly after this ordeal we had been taking pictures of our party and the security asked us why we had been taking so many pictures, like its a crime! And why we had been taking pictures of the security, like that's a crime as well! Then they gave us our check and proceeded to escort us out and that's when one of our party members wanted to know after we had spent a good deal of time there and lots of money why they thought that we should leave??? The security then became very aggressive and physical with one of the people in our party. This escalated to the security getting aggressive and then they physically started to push our friend who was staying at the hotel out of the bar, then after they had him in the hallway by the elevator 2 more security officers joined in the physical activity and proceeded to physically assault our friend which ended up physically harming our friend. They said that he was going to go to jail but they released him from their custody shortly after they had held him. The only thing that is worth any thing at the wit it is the cool city view... won't recommend to anyone to go!!! So save your money and go to all the best places our Chicago has to offer!
