What you might not know about Yelp is that we try to kill our young. Sorta. Figuratively. Maybe. Charged with helping to train up one of our newest (give a shout out to Jon A in Indy; holla!), I needed to find a place where we could eat, talk and clickety-clackety in peace. Since he was staying downtown, I thought we'd do our trio o' biz downtown. It's somewhat ironic that someone who boasts an above-average knowledge of Chicago neighborhoods had NO IDEA where to go on Michigan Ave south of the loop. We wandered, stumbled, looked up, down and all around, and I had no idea of where to go. Finally, I spied some al fresco seats and a smartly-handsome facade. "Oh, a Michigan Avenue hotel. This is a good choice." Cue the part in the movie where the horny teens decide that skinny-dipping at Camp Crystal Lake at midnight is a good idea. We enter the dining room to find a decently-busy area. The waitstaff is a little preoccupied, so we wander around and, finally, get led to a table. It's not big enough for our purposes, so we move. Cool. Seated and lap tops out, I start the miseducation of Jon A (first single, "I Ate Nasty Food In Chicago"). Our waitress was extremely nice and a little nervous. It was her first day on the job. No biggie. I'll order a tonic with lime. "We don't have that." You don't serve tonic water? A hotel bar on Michigan Avenue doesn't serve tonic water? Alright. First Day. Training. No biggie. "I'll take a Sprite." It arrives. Flat. I gag a little. Jon peers at me. "Cannotflipoutinfrontofthenewguy." Alright. No biggie. First day. Training. I'll drink water. Waitress comes back and I order the SEAFOOD SALAD SANDWICH. Cue the part of the movie where the dim busty blonde doesn't care that her sorority sisters have just been hacked up. She's going to take a shower in the abandoned, haunted locker room right.this.minute. Jon looks at me as though I am crazy. I don't quite pick up on this. I am in professor mode. The sandwich arrives with another Sprite. Cool! Gah! It's FLAT! The second Sprite is flat. Gah! No worries. I'll try the sandwich. "It...tastes...not.good. Oh, wow. This is sorta gnarly. Hmm, I wonder why a mayo-based seafood sandwich served at a hotel with no tonic and flat Sprite tastes off. Gotta eat it. Can't scare the new guy." Meanwhile, I am completely oblivious to the fact that Jon is in dietary distress from his meal. Oops. In an attempt to stop eating, I go full throttle into a training session. Questions are asked. Questions are answered. Johnny speaks. Jon is razzle dazzled. The check comes...sweet, merciful Lord, the check! "Can I get you anything else? Would you like another Sprite?" "NO! I mean, I am full. Thank you." By this time, Jon is a little queasy, overloaded with info and disoriented. We leave and I find out that I just checked into the food (and hotel) equivalent of The Overlook. Welcome to Yelp. Hope you survive the experience!
