I travel to Chicago frequently for work (sometimes as often as once a month) and I always stay here. The staff is always friendly and I often get upgraded to nicer rooms. The location is prime because I hop on the public bus (stop is right in front of the hotel) and I am downtown in 10-15 minutes for a few bucks without having to pay for a cab. I have stayed here to attend a conference and it was well orchestrated with ample meeting space for the events. During non-conference trips I have enjoyed their great gym and sauna (seriously, quite nice) for some healthy relaxation. The gym is not huge but it is well equipped with everything you need (all top of the line). I haven't checked out the pool yet, but it seems serviceable. Some have complained about non-comfy beds, but mine have always been great. Once or twice I was stuck on a lower floor on the "bad" side of the tower, but usually I get a room with sweeping views of downtown Chicago or the lake. Regarding cleanliness -- I have yet to have a single bedbug scare and I have been staying here on and off for two years now. Most rooms are well kept, occasionally you get stuck in one with some old or uncared furniture but usually not. Soundproofing sometimes leaves a bit to be desired and depending on where you are you can hear hallway noise or noise from adjacent rooms, but it usually is nothing overwhelming and typical of what you would find at any hotel. Price-wise, I often get a good deal staying here (usually around $120-145 a night) which I think is great for a place with so many amenities and good service. Room service can be hit or miss, but I do make sure to always order breakfast as it's consistently delicious. You have to pay for internet which sucks but it's not too pricey. Once when I was there, I had a work emergency and needed to print and fax asap. I used their facilities on sight and got everything I needed in a timely way -- the downside was it was pricey -- I think it cost me $50+ to print maybe 10 pages and fax 10 pages. Staff is always courteous and attentive. Plus if you come at the right time you can pick up whatever cute business men are in town for the conference....the orthopedic surgeons tend to be the most fun!
