Definitely spent more money on this hotel room than I usually do, but I was being picky about location & I'm traveling with my dog. Very pet friendly! No restrictions on the weight or breed (which is awesome because I have a pitbull, which can sometimes be an issue). There's a pet station outside equipped with bags to pick up messes. I'm staying Sunday - Tuesday: using a AAA discount, Sunday night was $152 & Monday was $215. If you have AAA discount, use it - I saved like $40 & who isn't a fan of saving money? Oh, and I booked the hotel about 10 hours before we arrived. Free Internet?! WHOO HOO! Maybe I'm just cheap so I never get to experience this, but that is oh-so-awesome in my world. Hence...sitting in the hotel room after an 18 hour car ride...and I decided I was happy enough to write a review instead of sleep. I can smoke in the room. No worries, they have non-smoking rooms as well, but I am such a fan of smoking in my hotel rooms so I am LOVING it here :) Bonus: Air conditioning was all ready on & it's simple to control to make it cooler. BOOYAH! The TV is nice - fridge, microwave, coffee pot & work station in the room. The bed seems comfy enough. While Philippe's review made me roll with laughter, his comment is legit. The shower is a little awkward! Though it may be entertaining for some situations ;) The room is clean. The staff is friendly. While breakfast sounds delicious, I can't imagine I'll ever be up early enough for it. Check-in isn't until 3PM, but they do try to honor early check-ins. Check-out is at noon.  Parking - there is a garage behind the hotel. Make sure you get a ticket & you get it validated by the hotel. By doing this, you may come & go as you please & it'll be free. Without the validation, you will have to pay. It's located on Madison so you actually need to drive past the hotel, take a right on Washington, a right on Wells and then a right on Madison. It's right behind the hotel, but there is an unloading zone in-between the garage & the hotel if you need/want it. The low down on the vending machines: First floor has snacks, ice cream & soda. Second floor has soda & snacks. All other floors have soda machines. All the soda vending machines are Coke, but there is one PEPSI machine on the 6th floor. It's not located where the other machines are on different floors - the Pepsi machine is tucked away where the ice machine would be on the 6th floor (if they had an ice machine). The ice machines are on various floors - it is listed in that space what floors have ice. There is also a recycling station located by the ice machines. YaY recycling! I think all the room service is out-sourced. The pizza, for example, is from a chain restaurant (that I don't support), but you shouldn't be coming to Chicago to eat chain pizza anyways! Do yourself a favor & hit one of the places recommended on Yelp :) It's nice & dark in the room so it's going to be easy taking a nap at 5PM...also a plus for me cause I love napping! This is the second time I've stayed with La Quinta (the first time in New Orleans) & I am pretty sure this trip has solidified me being a fan for life.
