My fiance and I stayed at The W for one night this week, and we were astounded at the type of hospitality you are provided with for how much you pay for stay there. The lobby is gorgeous, and has a relaxing atmosphere. Checking in was pretty easy. The woman at the front desk was very eager to answer any and all questions we had about our stay. Now for the bad. The room we were provided with was absolute junk. The door to the room would not shut unless two people applied their entire body weight to it. The same goes for the bathroom "door." It is made of some sort of mock-bamboo material, and ours just did not want to close, even when the two of us tried. At first glance, the bathroom itself looks very nice. However, it gets about one star from me, because there is no functionality to it what so ever. The "bamboo" shutters is by far the worst thing about the room as a whole. You have the ability to shut them, but that does not mask any sounds coming from the bathroom. I love my fiance, but not enough to listen to his every move while using the toilet. The bed sheets in this room were filthy. Stains of God knows what were all over the place when we attempted to take a nap before heading out on the town. That is when we had enough. We requested a different room at the front desk, and were given one with no hassle at all. The door to the new room was completely functional, as was the one to the bathroom. However, there were cracks in the ceiling and while we were sleeping, bits of plaster would fall on to our faces. The temperature of the room is almost impossible to get right, you are either freezing cold, or sweating through your clothes. The shower was horrible in both rooms. Very pretty looking, but when in use, it gets water all over the floor since there is only half of a "door" and no curtain. The knob on our shower was also broken, so it took about 15 minutes for us to turn it on. All in all, the W was beautiful on the outside, but for what you are paying, it is definitely not worth it. At $53 a night for parking alone, I would be much more satisfied staying at a Hilton or even a Holiday Inn.
