For those of you planning a wedding and considering the Carleton, look no further! The hotel itself is gorgeous, especially if you consider yourself to be an appreciator of the finer details and have a little vintage in your soul. The hotel dates back to 1892 and showcases beautiful sitting rooms, stained glass, cast iron chandeliers, and the privacy of your own wing for the course of your wedding. What's more, the food delivered for the price is incredible. Our guests had a choice between NY Strip Steak (which I specified at medium rare and which was served at medium rare), Pan Seared Tilapia with kalamata olive and mediterranean vegetable risotto, and a Grilled Vegetable Plate with the most incredible au gratin potatoes. Everyone raved about the food and I frequently heard, "this is the best food I've ever eaten at a wedding." My husband and I both value the quality of food highly and were worried that our insistence on a sit down dinner would break the bank. Not so here. We chose a Sunday in March and the sales/catering manager Anne Parker was open to negotiation.Speaking of Anne Parker, I cannot say enough good things about her. She is warm, kind, sincere, and very good at her job; in other words, she has all the qualities you want in a planner without hiring your own. She arranged our tasting, linen selection, and even recommended an outstanding florist (who did the flowers at her own wedding). She was always available and in touch, and the lines of communication remained open all the way up to the wedding.The Carleton is located in Oak Park, IL, a suburb that boasts the vibe of a quaint, small town and that comfort and boutique quality definitely translates to the hotel and its accommodations. The restaurant in the lobby is excellent and breakfast at Poor Phil's (on the Marion Street side) is absolutely delicious! The rooms are clean, well, kept and nicely adorned (albeit slightly pricey even with the group rate). Want to watch the budget and offer rooms to guests? The Motor Inn, despite the unfortunate title, has been completely rehabbed and the rooms are excellent and well priced.All in all, we had an amazing wedding--not just the day itself, but all the phases leading up to it--on account of the Carleton and its team of dedicated staff. Once we had decided the venue, everything fell naturally into place.I highly recommend it!
