I haven't been to the W Chicago - City Center in a while, so I thought it was time for a visit while in Chicago. I'm a points whore so doing a "mattress run" is a no brainer for me. Hotel is located in the southwest portion of the loop, directly across from the Quincy CTA station. I arrived at 11 AM and noticed the lobby has been renovated. It's eclectic modern. Oversized lamps and an s curve sofa make up the main area of the "living room".  I walk thru the living room and over to the pods which are located in front of the elevators and I'm greeted warmly by not just one, but two staff members. Since it was so early I was going to ask if my luggage could be stored until check-in time and ill go out and do some other things. They tell me no problem and as a returning guest they've assigned me a nice suite. Surprisingly I was told my room was ready. The property recognizes my Elite status, asks if I need a late checkout and inquires if I need my receipt emailed to me after check out.. Little things like this go a long way.  I go around the corner and enter what I describe as the vertigo elevators of death. If you look at that mural for too long, you'll be sure to earl. I walk into my room to find I've been upgraded to a room I'd previously been assigned. The room has been renovation the wall and door that separated the parlor from bedroom have been removed. There is now one central wall that houses a flat screen TV for each "room" When you enter the room, there is a powder room on the right and closet on the left. As soon as you pass thru the entry you're in the parlor portion of the room. There is a wet bar are and a half wall with a TV above and a desk below. The desk is nice and very practical but with only a few sockets. The furniture on the parlor side of the room is a bit tacky and its like the hotel was trying to hard to be eclectic. It's just didn't do anything for me. The sofa is hideous! Passing thru to the bedroom side of the room, the decor is much better, now this what I think a W should "look" like. The W Bed is totally inviting. On the wall is 40 HD TV that is identical to the TV in the parlor. Due to the location there is not much of a view, but the room does offer a view of the Quincy CTA Station, which is perfect for train spotters. I thought being close to the train might cause some noise, but I didnt hear a peep Off the bedroom is a hallway that houses a closet and leads you to the bathroom. The bathroom is rather awkward. Walking into the bathroom, on the left near the door is the sink and to the right is the toilet and tub/shower. Disappointing that the room doesn't have a double vanity and that there is no separate shower. The sink is pretty small and does not leave much space to spread out. Two people cannot use the sink area at once. In addition, I got water everywhere. The room doesn't have a shower only a tub, but it's got some nice hardware and good water pressure. The bathroom is stocked with the typical Bliss sink side six pack of toiletries. Sweat has nice equipment, cardio machines and free weights, but there is no pool. Some additional information: There is a small business center on the mid mezzanine level. High speed internet available for free in the lobby and its $14.95 in room and the hotel offers Acura service within five miles of the hotel. At checkout on of the associates I'm familiar with said, "you're one of my favorite guest. You're so funny. You've got to stay with us for more than just one night the next time you come." FINAL IMPRESSION If you'd like a good hotel while in Chicago this is the place for you. Just know that on weekends there isn't much around the hotel, so you'll need to travel outside of the loop for dining and entertainment options. The overall staff attitude has greatly improved. They appeared to be appreciative of being employed and more than willing to help.  After checkout, I had a small billing issue (this is why I always request that my folio be emailed) where 36 dollars of items from the mini bar was charged to my folio. When I called about this, it took a minute to remove, the staff apologized and I wasn't made to feel like a liar. Good recovery and follow-up was good.  I would return to this hotel based on price and time of year, in the winter months i would prefer to be closer to Michigan Avenue. It's a nice hotel for a business or leisure traveler, but better suited for the business traveler based on the location.
