I'm a sucker for old-world charm and was drawn to the Hotel Burnham after seeing photos online of the historic building and exquisite interior. I booked a king lake view suite after reading reviews that the normal rooms were quite small, plus I really wanted a view, which is something that Chicago hotels know and will absolutely charge you for. It was a bit more than I would have liked to pay but I kinda said "screw it, I want to experience this place" and I'm glad I did. I knew I'd made the right choice when they handed me a REAL key not a stupid key card (which in my experience are faulty or need recoding 50% of the time). The picture windows are lovely; I was staying on the 12th floor with a view down state street out of one window and the park and lake out of the other. Great for random people-watching too: I even caught a glimpse of a newly-married couple taking wedding photographs in the middle of the street down a few blocks in front of the Chicago theater! What made this stay particularly memorable was the exceptional service. Staff members went out of their way to ensure I had a pleasant experience. In the lobby there is a wine social hour in the evening and fresh-brewed coffee in the morning (which I didn't realize when I asked the hotel to bring me a coffee maker the night before - oops!) Prior to my arrival, I got a personal email from Suze, who checked in with me to ask about my room preferences, if I wanted them to book me a dinner reservation anywhere, and inquire about if I was celebrating any special occasions or had additional requests. I was in fact celebrating an acceptance into grad school, let them know this, and there was a little bouquet of flowers with a congratulatory card awaiting me in the room. I was also traveling with my infant daughter who is one, and had asked for a crib in the room - it was already made up and waiting for me when I arrived. Also worth noting is I showed up in the morning way before check-in time, but the room was all ready set up and ready to go, which was a nice surprise. I really appreciate that the staff connects with its guests before they arrive - so many places just send out an impersonal automated email generated by their bookings page, and it was nice to know an actual human was taking care of me. The pictures don't do this place justice. The building, the lobby, the staircases, elevators, and my room were all just breathtaking. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat if it weren't so expensive!
