Just returned from 5 days and 4 nights at this establishment for a convention. Yes, in Chicago in February. Lucky me, the snow stopped but for half-time on Super Bowl Sunday and immediately after my flight cleared Chicago airspace headed for home! Convention accommodations: the exhibit room hall had a few issues. As an attendee, I wasn't particularly thrilled with the layout or the noisy HVAC system that was above some of the break out "rooms" that were on the exhibit hall floor. The ballrooms and river or lake rooms were neither hot nor cold, but sometimes the temperature and attention to detail (like the coffee running out) was a bit lacking. Having to ride the labyrinth of escalators was also a bit trying -- but basically the staff was reasonably attentive to the needs of the convention goer. Rooms: I had a 15th floor corner King. It was clean, my housekeeping staff were quite helpful and mindful of my privacy and the view (facing east) of the ice laden river and vast expanse of the frozen lake was breathtaking. Because I was under the weather for a good portion of my visit, I didn't get to go exploring or utilize the workout facility. For this, I will need to return when the temperature is well above 25 degrees fahrenheit! And next time, I hope to be up just a little bit higher. Nonetheless, I had an auto club association rate that BEAT the rate negotiated for the convention, so I had no real complaints about what my money was being spent upon. Proximity to services: I wheeled myself from the CTA station at Clark & Lake with ease - and found that the neighborhood had many of the basic necessities. Particularly important was the closeness of the Walgreen's -- which when one feels like the bottom of an icy river covered with a burning inferno -- is a welcome sight! In hotel services: I had breakfast room service -- which was pricey but decent portions. Too bad I couldn't really taste anything! Business center staff, concierge and front desk have the 411 on assisting the business traveler and the bellmen have the taxi queue dialed in so one didn't have to venture out into freezing weather and wait for very long. Yes, Sheraton Chicago Hotel & Towers, I noticed that you appear to still be renovating some of the rooms -- your 32nd floor Presidential Suite was stunning and well appointed -- so please keep at it -- and I will recommend you to all of my friends who wish to stay on the "north" side of the river!
