Overall rating 3.5 stars.  Our Chicago trip was so amazing. Hot as hell, but amazing and fun! Hotel is very nice and conveniently located in downtown Chicago which is within walking distance of everything, shopping, eating, bars, desserts, you name it. Staff seem to be quite friendly. It was my first time in Chicago and it was such a culture shock for me when we arrived at this hotel. The lobby looks big and spacious. Then as you are sitting there waiting for the elevators to get to your room...well, that's a different story. The elevators takes some time before it actually gets to you, hallways are super small and cramped, and the rooms as cute and quaint as they are, they are really tiny. It's not a usual hotel that I've ever stayed at before, but at least I know now, next time I do come to Chicago, this is what to expect. Rooms were always kept clean by the housekeepers, which is a definite plus. Prices are ehh, could be a little bit cheaper, I think for such a small space. The bed was definitely comfortable though, which is always a plus for me. I'm big for lounging on the bed so I love having a nice comfy bed with soft pillows and this place had that. Keep in mind that this is an older hotel that has kept their history, so I think renovating or remodeling may be out of the question for them.  The gym is on the very top floor of this hotel, and you have to climb up some stairs in this old creepy stairwell, with steep steps to get to it. It kinda scared me to tell you the truth, but once you get there, it had pretty much all the gym equipment that you needed, which was nice. If you are looking for a view while working out though, don't expect it. There are housekeepers that come and clean the gym as you are there too, so you don't have to worry about the gym being all nasty and dirty. I know some people don't like to wipe machines down after using them, I guess you don't have to worry about that so much here because the staff keeps it pretty sanitized.  I'd come back and stay again for the convenience.
