Couldn't be happier! My husband and I were married on 09-10-11 and we had our reception at the Allerton Hotel on the 23rd floor in the Tip Top Tap room. What a Beautiful space with stunning views, delicious food, and Exceptional service! Would do it all again, at the Allerton, and wouldn't change a thing! The hotel is filled with charm and possess a true Chicago vibe. As soon as you arrive you are greeted by an attentive valet staff and helpful doormen. The front desk staff was a little slow, but cheerful nonetheless. The lobby bar is filled with plush seating and Delicious drinks...all of this before you're in the unique hotel rooms. The suites we were given, as well as our parents, were absolutely amazing! And Huge..a gigantic bathroom (large enough to have three bridesmaids admiring themselves in the mirror at the same time), a king size bed in a bedroom also containing a couch, flat screen, and lounge chair..attached to the bedroom was the entertaining space with another couch, two chairs, mini bar, tv, and desk. Not to mention the complimentary champagne and fresh fruit sent to the room:) The evening of our reception was indescribable! The reception space was so elegantly set-up with a dance floor large enough to accommodate all of our 125 guests with ease. The bartenders were "on their game", the service staff was exceptional and the head server, bar manager, and catering manager are phenomenal..consistently checking on us and offering to retrieve anything we may need. Booking our wedding at such a historical landmark was what drew us to the Allerton but working with their magnificent staff is what provided us with that "Wow" factor. All of our friends and family are still raving to us about the Allerton and so we wanted to pass the beauty of our experience on to other people considering the Allerton for their event. We believe there is no competition and no better choice. We give the Allerton five stars for decor, location, food, drink, service, and overall experience. The Allerton= Pure Satisfaction.
