Here is a rare, 5FF non-food review on our 3-day, 2-night stay, someplace near every touristy shindigs in Chicago. I booked this 15% off, transient deal via http://hotels.com at about $99 per day for Easter weekend. I was warned that bringing a car to Chicago requires lots of spare change, where Felix's nearest self-parking structure (at Clark St & Huron) costs $30 for 24 hours, & $44 for valet, & word-of-mouth free if a hybrid is driven. DL & I decided to park our non-hybrid rental car, lodge at the 5th floor, and end up with a paid-what-we-got, eco-friendly, & elegantly modern & "minimalist" weekend... First I want to point out some advantages. If you are pro-green, OR you--and a "friend"--don't mind a SMALL (albeit forewarned), tight yet warm space *_*, Felix welcomes you to this. They carried H2O+ bath-&-body travel products. We had a safe & booked a queen sized bed, which had clean & medium-firm cushioning that we fell asleep easily. Thank goodness no other room noises were audible. FREE (unsecured) wifi is my over-the-top priority, which was why I thought this hotel convinced me enough for this amenity. This could be a con to some individuals, but the wall-supported LCD TV had mediocre screen quality, & the cable channel selection wasn't that numerous: no Disney Channel or Food Network. Though they did have Discovery Channel, Travel Channel, TBS, ESPN, etc. The disadvantages are things that require a high tolerance of change. What do I mean by that? One, we rested on 4 perfectly squared pillows, rather than the quintessential rectangular-ish "clouds." Two, our get-what-we-paid-for deal came with a view of shanty buildings on the Erie [Street] side... Three--and personally the most important factor--was our bathroom. I didn't mind the stand-only, curtained shower or the open-faced cabinet hovered above the toilet. However, what felt awkward & quite frustrating were our atypically rectangular designed sink & our towel hanger. Perhaps this minimalist approach would be a sink, shaped like a massive appetizer platter, that realistically one person can comfortably & conveniently set his/her "minimalist" toiletries on the available space?! And perhaps this methodology encourages the showered, soaked guest to walk to the opposite side of the shower just to snatch that thick, not-so-soft white towel?! Oh, almost forgot number four: sleeping surely was a breeze, UNLESS one religiously needs to use a noisy A/C. Yes: sounds like Felix is dead serious when it comes to being eco-friendly ;D. One last advantage was quick & to-the-point service without rushing us. Specifically, they informed us that our 2 hotel cards were required as our "key" to use the elevator after 9pm. For our very first trip to Chicago I conclude that my arrangement with Hotel Felix was not too shabby, yet it would be a Plan B or Plan C decision for the average tourist who has minimal essentials & can leave a little extra room for "souvenirs."
