Reasons why I chose the Hampton Inn Downtown in the middle of it all! Walking distance (its good for the mind, body, and soul)! - 1 minute to Ruth's Steak House - 2 minutes to Rockit - 2 minutes to one of my favorite sports bar: Mother Hubbards - 5 minute walking distance to Magnificent Mile - 5 minutes to the clubs (Excalibur, Cabaret, Andy's Live Jazz) - 7 minutes to Brazzaz (Brazilian Steakhouse) - 8 minutes to Hooters - 15 minutes to Millennium Park - 15 minutes to Sears Tower - 18 minutes to Bukingham Fountain - 20 minutes to Field Museum - And when I walked... I found all these intriguing hole in the wall places you can't experience when you take the taxi. King Suite - King size bed with tv, breakfast tray, and privacy doors. - Personal bath and closest with a security safe. - Living room to host your local guests. - WI-FI (so I yelp when I get back to the hotel room at 3:00am) - Kitchen with stove, refrigerator, microwave, and small dining table with chairs. Complimentary Breakfast each morning from 6:00am-10:00am - Its not Denny's but its enough to get a big breakfast before I started my tourist day.  Now I do compliment the hospitality of the morning servers...they're friendlier than Denny's. - Okay.. its not that great.  Mostly pre-made meals like waffles, processed eggs, and a juice machine.  But I enjoyed the fresh fruit, buttermilk biscuits, and sausage. Service & Hospitality - They got it down.  Smiles at the lobby.  I know I should have told her in person, but ISABELLA ... You're freakin HOT!  Thanks for helping out with my room selection and your smiles at the elevator!  * yes, i can't stop smiling when i think about IT! * - Firm greetings by the bell service.  Easy to load and unload upon arrival or departure.  They got the great connection for taxi service and local recommends. Other Amenities & Services: - Tiny lap pool (worth visiting if you want to spend time alone and distress). - Fitness center - Skip it! Way to small to declare it a workout center.  You're better off exploring Chicago on foot. - Luggage Hold: Thank you Nathan for securing my luggages while I finalized my downtown Chicago visit.  This helps alot when you have a busy schedule. Drawbacks? - It's next to a fire station.  So at night, you might get the sirens depending where your room is at. - I wasn't lucky enough to get a great view of downtown Chicago.  I opened both my windows and saw a great big business building.  Argh! No major complaints here.  More compliments!  I spent about six hours a day at the Hampton Inn.  I didn't need a five start hotel because I really need a place to get some rest, keep my drinks cold, shower and change, internet access, and SPACE!  I really hate staying at crowded hotel rooms.   So this was a perfect palace for me.   Cleanliness and excellent service exists here (we'll that's because this was a King Suite).   So I officially crown Hampton Inn as my official Chicago hotel to stay.  I'll be checking in again soon in Spring 2008.
