Brought our grandaughter here for her 15th birthday from Michigan. We ususally stay at the Hyatt on Wacker and will be going back there. First off, the hotel looks NOTHING LIKE THE ONLINE PICTURE and it tooks us 3 trips around the block to find the place because there was a small sign above the door. The valet was inside; no one to help us with our luggage. The desk clerk was about as friendly as a rock. We were on the 24th floor with a view of buildings-I had asked for a nice view for my grandaughter; couldn't change us. Cold air was pouring in the windows and the furnace never stopped blowing hot/cold air. The bathroom was a small joke; no fan and one plug. They didn't change the towels either and I had put them in the tub dirty. Very dark in the room and very few channels on the tv and 2 plugs for stuff. The rest were behind the bed and the dresser. The water was lukewarm with no pressure in the shower. Breakfast the next morning at the Sky Lounge was a huge expensive mistake. No postings, a small buffet with warm, dry food, a toaster that didn't work, no tables for more than 2 people so we had to sit on the couch and chair and balance food on our laps. My grandaughter had spiderwebs in her blueberries. I was charged for a juice I did not order. So we had eggs, meat, 2 thin slices of melon, 2 ordered juices (3) and they gave us the bill -it was over $59- and we about fainted.The next morning we ate at the pub downstairs for about $20. The food was much better and the waiter at least smiled. When I complained I got the 'I'll tell the cook' which means 'whatever lady'. When we check out, again no valet around, he couldn't understand that we wanted our car; he kept trying to get us a cab. He finally told us the car was ready. Again no luggage help and it was at their garage around the corner that we had to walk to dragging all of our luggage. At least the attendant there helped us put it in the car. I've had better luck at the Holiday Inn. Yes I tried to complain but either no one was at the desk or they were so busy talking to one another they completely ignored us and other guests. I'm going back to the Hyatt. We spent $444- 2 nights with 2 queen beds, 2 nights parking at $48 per night and the breakfast. We took a 'shellacking' as Obama said.
