Hmm...what can I say about this hotel? What Impressed Me: -Beautiful building (it's pretty tall and elegantly modern inside) -The doorman/valet combo at the main entrance -Four-star treatment by the hotel staff -Plenty of parking -Room design -The double sinks What Didn't Impress Me: -Parking fees (I know it's 4-star, but come onnnn...) -The beds -The view from the room -The location -The jacked up sink So here's the deal. This is a pretty nice hotel--I wouldn't rave and brag about it being 4-star because when I laid my head down to sleep every night, I still felt like I was sleeping in a 3 (or maaaybe 3.5)-star hotel room. My boyfriend and I won 2 nights here through Priceline for a holiday, so we understood that we really weren't in any position to complain about much. However, there were a couple of things that we THOUGHT would be expected, considering that we were still at a supposedly fancy place. 1. The walls are INCREDIBLY thin. If you stayed in that hotel with us that weekend, we could tell you everything that you did. We knew when you went to the bathroom. We knew when you showered. We knew when you fought and cussed out your drunk girlfriend in your hotel room THREE doors down for 2 hours. And we knew that your devilish 5-year-old did NOT want to take a bath, go eat breakfast, or do anything else that you politely asked them to do. Thank GOD nobody around us got laid that weekend (although they probably didn't feel the same way lol) Minus half a star for you! 2. I appreciate the plethora of parking...especially since the hotel is in a major city. But when that doorman told us that daily parking was $33 and valet was $45, we almost had a heart attack. lol Guess that's how yall roll at these fancy schmancy hotels! We didn't complain or anything, but thirty dollars?! lol I guess that's more of a heads up for everyone. No stars lost, but you get a warning. 3. O.M.G. You'd think that some of the money they're milking out of everyone would go towards the beds, considering that that's really what you're paying for. I know hotels aren't really using real boxsprings anymore, but the things that these mattresses were resting on were horrible! They made noises every time you sat on them. And the mattresses were just outright uncomfortable. They were cheap, wherever they got them from. We actually spent the next 2 nights at a run-of-the-mill Marriott in Detroit, and their beds--amazing! Felt like I was in a 4-star bed...kinda how I THOUGHT I was going to feel when I slept here. This alone made me want to never stay at this hotel again. Yes, I understand you pay for the name when you stay at these kind of hotels, but I mean, a bed is a STANDARD luxury. If you're going to act like you're a luxury hotel, get a luxury bed! Or at least one that you can sleep in (not ON, in!) Great big fail on this front, guys. Minus one star. 4. I had a sink that took forever to process. lol It kind of annoyed me! You'd think this could be easily fixed with some Drain-o--why don't the housekeepers make note of this kind of stuff, anyway? Not a big deal, but it urked me. Good thing we had two sinks to work from. No points lost here. 5. All in all, it's a beautiful hotel. The decor inside is amazing, and the restaurants looked lovely (we chose to eat inside the city instead of splurging on hotel food). And you'd think with it being as tall as it is, the views would be better, but from our room, it really wasn't much. Maybe it's better from some of the other rooms. Doesn't help that it's not in the best part of Chicago--don't worry, you're not in the hood by any means, but you're definitely not in the thriving bustle of the city. I'll give half a star for trying, I guess. So there you have it! Four star on paper, three star in reality. Will I stay there again? Not if I have a choice! Would I recommend staying there? Only if you have to, or if you're like us, and happened to win it somehow. No need to run from it, but there's no need to run and tell your friends either. lol
