I actually believe that Hotel Felix is worthy of 4.5 stars but couldn't feel good about giving them 5 because my room was located near the elevator on my floor - I could hear nearly all of the noise out in the hallway. I am not sure of there is a sound barrier issue in other rooms because my coworker was in another room (on another floor) and didn't come across the same issue. It wasn't terrible because the floor happened to be fairly quiet but the ding of the elevator's arrival during higher traffic times of the day was an annoyance. Now that I have gotten my witch ways out of the way....I can start to tell you why I am so smitten with the Hotel Felix. Here's a breakdown: 1. Location is fantastic and within walking distance of many conveniences that include Whole Foods, restaurants, bars, and shopping. This is just a short cab-ride away from practically everything else. 2) Hotel Felix did a fantastic job sticking with their Eco-friendly mission. I appreciated the fact that they utilize Organic materials, renewable resources and even the hotel's plumbing is most impressively energy efficient. Being a stickler for the word "Eco-friendly", they passed the test when their high-quality toiletries (shampoo, conditioner, body wash, soaps, and lotion) were all not tested on animals either! A++++ 3) Although, there is no denying that the rooms are not large in size, Hotel Felix did utilize the space extremely well. My room had a small window in the far right of the room without a good view but it still shed enough light into the space.The stylish platform bed with drawers below, closet nook, and desk all fit nicely. The decorator did an amazing job of making everything look clean, modern, and cozy without looking like an IKEA catalog.The bathroom was spacious and well thought out with a large walk-in shower, vessel sink, and cabinetry for all of my "products' to be neatly nestled into. This could easily pass for a well manicured studio apartment in NYC without any complaints.... 4) The Westin's "Heavenly Bed" has some competition because this bed was so comfortable! I could have laid in it all day! I also loved the neutral color throw that was at the end of the bed. Perfect to cuddle with. 5)The staff were always incredibly friendly and efficient from the front desk to the valet. I had forgotten my toothpaste (bonehead move) and a staffer delivered to my room a large sample size and even offered up a toothbrush! 6)The restaurant on the 1st floor, Elate is fantastic! I loved my experience there so much that I am writing a separate review! I would definitely recommend Hotel Felix to anyone who is looking for a not so vanilla experience. This boutique hotel is the way to go if you need a place to stay in downtown Chicago. TIP*** Just be sure to request a room that is not across from the elevator
