I'm from a college town in central Ilinois. I travel a fair amount for twentysomething, and I was raised by a single mom without a ton of money to burn. So that's my perspective going into this. My mom was asked to come up to the city to have a corporate meeting and dinner with the suits afterwards. Since we're very close and I'll take any excuse to be in the city ('sup H&M and newly opened Topshop), she got the okay for me to come along. She was assured that the room was put on the company card and she wouldn't have to pay for it to be later reimbursed. She even got a printed confirmation of this, and the company card info. When we got there, this wasn't the case. I waited out front in the rain with the painfully friendly valet workers for a while and found out that they needed her to pay for the room after all, and it would only be straightened out once the corporate people got there. One of the employees wasn't too nice about it, and said that the refund could only be done by the manager the next morning. This was a lie, because a regular old employee did it anyway (still the next morning, however). The rooms are very spacious. There's a little kitchenette/minibar type situation (with no liquor, though, boo) with small appliances, a living room/office with a pullout couch, desk, chair, table, and a flatscreen. The bathroom is nice, and the shower has a tall showerhead (I'm almost six feet, rejoice). The bedroom is okay, with lots of pillows and another flatscreen. The brightness of the TVs auto adjusts to the light in the room, which I like. We were almost on the top floor, and when I was in my bed, I was looking right at the Hancock Building, which was across the street. WiFi costs $10 for 24 hours, which I did not see coming, and wasn't too happy about. Location is obviously fantastic, even if the closest train stop is slightly farther than convenient after a long day. If you can afford to stay here, you're probably not taking a train around town. At the end of the day, it was impressive in the ways it needs to be for its demographic. But for a college girl who knows the city like the back of her hand (read: just wants convenient trains to neighborhoods I care about, not to eat at the Cheesecake Factory and shop at Water Tower) and is used to free WiFi and breakfast in her hotel rooms, it left a few things to be desired. But hey, we didn't pay for it! Well technically we had to. But we got our money back the next day.
