one word describes the w city center, "issues". not grandma drives me crazy issues, but i forgot to take my meds and dont know why this gun is in my hand issues. stayed at one their nicer rooms on the 20th floor for my girlfriend's birthday, so it wasn't a broom closet like the other reviews mentioned. on first glance it is a very nice room with widescreen lcd tv, california king bed with a stuffed plum, and a large bathroom. it all gets lost when you notice the details. the toilet was large to match the room size, but so big my girlfriends feet didnt touch the floor when sitting on it. the shower was very tall with bliss products, but the shower curtain looked like someone ran out to target and got one that wasn't long enough. there was only one robe and a few hangers for two people. i called the service desk or "style manager" as they call them every day for four days before we finally got the extra robe and hangers. they were supposed to have a birthday surprise in the morning of my girlfriend's birthday. it never happened, i called the concierge and noone answered. i could stall no longer so we had to go down to the concierge and see what happened. they apologised saying that noone noticed it in the "system". with the surprise no longer there, they offered to have whatever my girlfriend wanted waiting for her later. they got it wrong and delivered at the wrong time so we ran into them setting it up, but it was there.. went to the lobby the next morning to see the real problem. rich high school kids decked in d&g trying to impress their white trash girlfriends. by making the W's patented whatever/whenever service do their ridiculous requests like fill the bathtub with m&m's, the rest of the guests received whatever they wanted whenever they could get around to it if possible. we left and i forgot a vanity bag on the batroom shelf. i call the "style manager" who was not available and left a message that was never returned. on the positive, the bed was extremely comfortable with great sheets so we slept well and bliss products were a nice way to wake up. the whiskey blue bartender was friendly and poured drinks so strong you were thankful that you only had to stumble to the elevator. i would have been floored if this was a super 8, but this is a 'W'...
