As we arrived to the hotel's proximity on Wacker, we could hear its name being shouted before we saw it. The base of the hotel was covered in groups of picketers with angry signs beating pots and pans. Once we made our way through the angry crowd, we found the lobby to be very impressive and immense. It took us a few minutes before we could locate the actual front desk that was up the escalator and on the second floor. Our room was on the Regency Level on the 34th floor with amazing views of the lake, Chicago River and the downtown skyline. The bed was very comfortable and the room was of a modern style. It was a nice looking room; however, it was pretty dusty. In the bathroom, the water pressure was so weak that it was a let down since they had such a nice looking shower. Another upsetting factor was that you could still hear the angry crowd from the street below banging their pans and shouting at all hours of the day from the 34th floor! It was horrible. The first night that we were there, we had a lady use a key card and enter our room (even with our privacy sign on the door) a bit after 10pm! We were in bed and were very shocked to find a person opening our room's door. We immediately called the front desk who then transferred me to security. About 20 or so minutes later, security arrived at our room to "interrogate" the lock. He said it was most likely a "benign" situation and probably housekeeping (after 10pm!?!). He fiddled with the lock and then disappeared without a final explanation to me and my husband. Needless to say, we didn't sleep well that night. With every noise we heard, we thought someone was coming in our room again. With us being unsure of housekeeping, or who ever was coming in our room, we decided to not have our room serviced during our stay. From the sound of it, they wouldn't have serviced it anyways. We spoke with another family in the building and they had been there three days waiting for someone to service their room. They were starting to make bets on whether or not their room would be clean each time they went back into their room. Basic cleanliness is a necessity for any hotel--it doesn't matter how large and how many rooms you have. In result of the picketers, more than half of the hotel restaurants were not in working order and were closed. In addition, there was no room service. We specifically chose a Hyatt hotel in the Chicago area so we would have restaurants close by since this was our first time to the city. This was a let down after flying from the West Coast. We decided to eat at the breakfast buffet on our second day and I would not recommend it. For the two of us, it cost $40 some dollars and the food was less than impressive. I only ate a third of a Denver omelet (the eggs were runny and the vegetables were crunchy), a piece of cantaloupe and some yogurt. Should have left the hotel for some real food for a fraction of the price! The proximity to sightseeing things and the ability to get a cab in a hurry is great. Just remember, you will have to walk through picketers to get in or out of the cars. All in all, we will not be returning nor will we recommend this hotel to anyone--family, friend or stranger. I actually joined yelp to share this story because I know how important reviews are and people should know this hotel is having some major issues. Don't let this hotel ruin your Chicago getaway!
