The good - the great concierge, front desk help, and the food for breakfast set this place above the pack.  The rooms were also big and cheap for a nightly stay through Christmas. It's also got a pool and hot tub that I used, as well as a free business center, which made me happy for when I was checking in for my return flight. The OK - The layout of the atrium is a bit confusing. Only one staircase down leads to the first floor? Weird. And of course, since it's downtown, it is ever so difficult to find reasonable parking. The bad - the layout of the kitchen and dining area needs major major rework. Supremely confusing. So am I supposed to simply bypass teh ENORMOUS LINE of tourists if I don't want a omelette? Or am I supposed to suffer through 30 minutes of wiating for just simple french toast? And the capacity isn't as big. And the employees showed their frustrations ... I would be as crass and rude as their employees during breakfast if I had to get my butt out of bed super early just to have thousands of people go through a terribly laid out place. And about that room ... the thermostat was either broken or the place couldn't heat up well. I had to set it to 80 deg just to get it a normal temperature (a sensor I have in my phone put the room at 70 when the thermostat said 80). Also, paid wifi? WTF? What is this, 2004? Also, what is happening to parents in this country? Control your idiot children and out of control tweens please!  Finally, the bathroom needed a little cleaning around the edges. Nothing super terrible but still, after seeing the air vent directly above the showerhead with grime on it, I had to clean it myself just so I wouldn't be bothered by it. Protip: if you're going to have free awesome breakfast, expect traffic! Major rework is needed to keep up with capacity and how utterly confusing it all was. Would I recommend it? Of course. Just get up at 6:30 for breakfast and you're set and you bypass the long line of tourists also there, and bypass the majority of the complaints I have. You also can't beat the price for the location.
