Ramada - Lake Shore Drive, Chicago- Stayed here two nights, July 19th and 20th, 2011. This hotel is past due for a tear down and a rebuild. 1st room - no air conditioning 2nd room - no working toilet (water pressure in the automatic flush valve was insufficient to flush anything, not even a piece of toilet paper) Other defects - broken TV on/off switch in room two, broken a/c control in room 2, cracked sink bowl in room 2, no cups in room 1, TV remote does not work in either room. Common Area defects - Hallways are hot - not air conditioned, elevators are slow, call lights are not lighted, 2nd elevator from parking garage in disrepair, no security and direct access from street outside to hotel floorspace using elevator 2, not enough parking available. Cosmetic - room dcor is combination 70s and 80s. It's not timeless - just old. The bathroom finish materials are plastic and cheap and look terrible. Pluses - staff is working with a failing albatross, yet maintains a positive attitude toward guests - for the most part, housekeeping is doing a herculean job to keep bedding and towels and rooms in clean condition - for the most part. Negatives - staff management protocol near full booking is to re-sell a reserved room at 4 pm. I learned at 6:30 p.m. that my credit card reserved room was given away 2 1/2 hours earlier at 4 p.m. while I was in a jet flying to Chicago - amazing poor customer relations on this item. That's how I ended up with the room without air-conditioning - it's all they could offer. And because the entire city hotel system was booked, I had no choice. Unbelievable. I've never heard of releasing a room at the very moment it becomes available for occupancy...The second night, they switched me to room #2 which had A/C but no working toilet. Oh well, they tried, I guess. Overall conclusion: Do whatever you can to stay elsewhere. This hotel is broken. However, if you are an intrepid type and you don't mind hardships like heat and no working toilet, and if you are pressed for a room because there are no other vacancies within 30 miles, it is possible to sleep here and shower here - there is minimal but sufficient comfort to accomplish that due to the decent housekeeping. I found the cleanliness of my two rooms acceptable. The lack of a working toilet could be a problem, though.
