Let me preface this 2-star review with the following: If this was any other regular hotel, it'd be 3 stars. But, this is the W, and I expected a lot more out of you! There were some redeeming qualities...awesome Bliss toiletries (though on day 1 I was missing conditioner and lotion), great location (close to everything without being directly on Michigan), comfy beds. BUT...There were many problems. This is a Chicago hotel! Do the words "form follows function" mean anything to you people?! In W's attempt to make-over the Days Inn, common sense really went out the window. For starters, the bathroom?! WTF? if you want any privacy in your bathroom, don't stay here. Seriously, a sliding wood door with slits, and a "what the hell is it doing here" window cut-out with wooden shutters? No overhead fan? A shower without a full door? I had to use a towel just to keep the floor from being completely soaked. Also, no closet, just some shelving. While nice-looking, it was inefficient. It was weird putting my shoes in a drawer. The shelf for my suitcase is directly under the hangers, so when I go into my suitcase, I have clothes hanging, literally, in my face. Annoying. Also, there were some little things that, again at any other hotel wouldn't have been a big deal, but this is the W! For example, both mornings the free coffee was empty. Refilling involved me talking to 2 different people. Lobby (excuse me, "Living Room") is way too small for the traffic. Despite 5 stations for front desk clerks, I never saw more than 1 or 2 which resulted in long lines and a crowded lobby. Also, it's hard to forget this was a Days Inn...ugly-colored walls, ,and a "This used to be a cheap hotel" stench that just wouldn't go away. If you're going to drop a lot of money on a fancy Chicago hotel, I'd advise looking at other properties. If you want that "W Experience" try one in a different city. But, if you can get a good deal, and don't come expecting much, by all means stay here! When you book your room, request a lake view.
