Thinking about having your wedding here? Well, look at the conference schedule for Chicago first before looking into booking this hotel! I really wish I would have done this - I think it would have made our wedding experience at The James so much better My overall impression of The James, after hosting our October wedding (which mind you was on a Sunday) here is that they are out to make money. Conferences obviously bring a larger profit for a hotel than a wedding does. The American Association of Opthamalogy's annual conference was in town over our wedding weekend, and The James did its best to accomodate conference goers with rooms before our out-of-town guests. And they were more concerned with the set-up of their events in the hotel over our wedding weekend than they were with ours. Our rehearsal was dreadful! They wouldn't let us use the room where we were hosting our ceremony/reception for our rehearsal because the conference was hosting a meeting! Obviously a conference meeting is so much more important than someone's wedding day?! We had to hold our rehearsal in this tiny side-room, and it really made the next day stressful and awkward because no one knew where to stand during the ceremony! The wedding coordinator also insisted on showing us how to cut the cake at our reception, so many of our pictures of this moment from our wedding have this person in them. Seriously, we can figure out how to cute our down cake, we didn't need this person micromanaging. They also screwed up my gift to my parents. I called them and emailed them ahead of time about having them put my parent's hotel rooms for the weekend on our bill, and they couldn't even do this right! They ended up charging my parents instead of me, and to make things worse they charged their wrong credit card and it caused a huge mess with the bank on their end. Seriously, what kind of people do they have working at the front desk? My final rant about The James was how slow communciation was during the entire planning process. They would take weeks to get back to our emails and sometimes we had to stalk them to answer our questions by calling them! And we couldn't book our band until the last minute because they took forever to get back to us regarding our sound equipment questions. The whole experience wasn't all bad though - the James did surprise us by letting us use one of their penthouse rooms for the weekend. It is a gorgeous space! It was really fun for my bridesmaids and I to use this to get ready the morning and it made for great photos! Our guests did love the food and the space - we received nothing but compliments on how great the day was and how much fun they had! I just wish everything wasn't so stressful leading up to the actually wedding!
