For-a-fee self-parking was the only option, expensive ($39 per night) and inconvenient (clerk claimed to have validated parking for two nights, but did not, so it held up my departure the following morning due to the parking gate not opening for me). Poor room size, furnishings, and amenities. Very poor view (interior 'courtyard' view of pool roof and concrete wall only). The separate main atrium had a very cold appearance and feel, could use color and/or planters in the 10+ levels of visible corridors. Clothes iron leaked water all over my dress shirt in the morning, so I had to reuse a shirt from the previous day, which is important not to do when visiting clients, or even coworkers. The clerk I brought the faulty iron to did not even ask what she could do to make my stay better, let alone apologize for the inconvenience. The front desk staff member who re-validated my parking was rude and confrontational. I waited in line for 5 minutes to re-validate something that was supposed to have been done the night before, and while 2 visitors were awaiting me in my rental car in the parking lot below. She initially said "no way" to being able to validate the parking, since I was going to spend that second night with my family nearby, even though 3 members of my party were staying the night at the same Holiday Inn. Finally, when the supervisor was involved, he took care of me right away. Validating a parking ticket should not be brain surgery, but the first clerk and the second "rude" one seemed to not understand the system or customer service at all. To add insult to injury, the self-serve breakfast BUFFET was $22, and they had the gall to include a line item for tip in the breakfast bill. I stayed/ate at a Hilton Garden Inn the previous two mornings, and their $11 breakfast buffet was better than this, and neither was much better than the FREE breakfast buffet at a Hampton Inn or Holiday Inn Express. One last complaint: the business center charges for printing (except for boarding passes). Overall, this was the worst hotel stay that I have had in many years. "Value" was definitely missing from this particular hotel, even if my experience might not be representative of the whole chain. My preoccupation with these negative points brings forth a disturbing trend: hotels are keeping room charges at an apparently reasonable rate, but then are gouging guests with expensive parking rates, sky-high breakfast prices, extra-cost printing and sometimes internet service. In the end, it is better to stick with the Hampton Inn or Holiday Inn Express, which include these items as standard.
