I miss this hotel. My wife and I will never forget our stay here from September 22-25. I just hope that we've been forgotten already (I explain later). +Great location. As Joel A. mentions, the hotel is near Lincoln Park, the red "L" line, and some nice restaurants (I reviewed Chili Mac's recently), bars, and shops. My wife and I went to Chicago to see the Cubs play (we love Bay Area teams more, but have been fans of the Cubs for years), and Wrigley Field is only a 15-minute walk from the hotel (after you exit and head left, you simply turn left on W. Addison St.- Wrigley is about 12 blocks away total). +The front desk employees are helpful and friendly. The guys especially made me feel comfortable (they're a bit more casual and approachable). +Some supplies are available per request. I stupidly brought shaving cream, but no razor. I knew that the hotel was going to provide me with a cheap one (oh yeah), but at least I was bailed out (we met up with an old friend of mine on the 24th, and I think his cute little girls would have been scared if I looked like Bigfoot). +There's a nice computer by the front desk. Guests are only asked to use it for no more than 15 minutes (in general, the computer should be available). +Continental breakfast is served from 7-10 am (I can't comment on it further, as my wife and I always slept in). +The area outside is very nice, and the hotel as a whole is pretty elegant. +The soda and snack machines. Most of the snacks I bought were only $.90 each, and my cans of soda were only $1 (you'll be charged more at most hotels in CA). +Their English is limited, but the housekeepers work hard and are friendly. +The ones at Embassy Suites are bigger, but my wife and I liked our suite. It featured 2 flat screen TV's, a nice desk (we both loved the office chair), a comfortable couch (I'm surprised that I didn't find myself sleeping on it), and 2 beds (we slept on separate beds, but cuddled and watched TV from mine). +Check-In is at 2 pm, and Check-Out is at 12 (I view this as a positive because some hotels want you to check-in at 3 or 4 and check-out at 10 or 11 am). +The air conditioning unit in our suite was loud, but easy to operate (my wife saw the panel on the wall before I did- prior to this, I was unplugging the unit, pressing all these buttons, and getting ready to kick it).   +/-The lobby is a little small, but nice. The chairs are large and comfortable, and there's a painting that looks like it should be part of Disneyland's Haunted Mansion (the tree and body of water look dark and spooky). My wife kept telling me which one was "right," but there are 2 doors to enter and exit. -Our suite was a bit pricey. We were basically charged $206 a night. -There are no hotel shuttles. Taking a taxi to and from Midway International Airport cost us $80 total. -The bathroom in the lobby is locked (this impacted my wife and I to some degree). I understand, as it's only meant for guests (as Michael S. mentions, the hotel "is the BEST and ONLY place to use the bathroom in this part of Lakeview before 7 am"). Still, I hate asking for bathroom keys.  -The hotel is tucked away. It's easy to pass it up if you're driving there and not familiar with the area. It's also right next to a brownstone (I quickly got used to it, but the view from our windows was less than stellar). -There are only 4 floors and 83 rooms (the hotel is long, but not wide), and pets aren't allowed. I advise booking your room months in advance, at least during baseball season. -It's nice and somewhat spacious, but my wife and I only noticed 1 elevator. -There's a fitness center that includes a Whirlpool spa tub. There's no swimming pool, though, and room service is limited (I didn't even know that there was any until now). -The toilet in our suite was weak (we had to report this twice). I had an accident on the night of the 22nd, and it took awhile to clean up the toilet bowl, floor, back wall, and tub (the towel on the tub was beyond saving- no, just a tiny speck landed on it). Anyway, the toilet wouldn't flush right from the night of the 23rd on (this really didn't have to do with me). On the 24th, a guy named Manuel worked on it (I felt sorry for him and the housekeeper when they came in- they quietly talked to each other a little in Spanish), but the plunger he had was inadequate (he needed a Snake). On the 25th, I left a nice mound behind, and my wife made her imprint felt too (we weren't descriptive at all, but the looks we got from the front desk employees we talked to were priceless). All in all, it was a real crappy situation.   Needless to say, my wife and I had an eventful stay (if we ever book a room here again, we'll arrive with plungers in hand). The hotel has a lot of charm and some friendly and understanding employees.
