My honey took me here for a romantic staycation weekend for my birthday. I had no idea we were going there and hadn't heard too much about the hotel so had no expectations. I did however read a few yelp reviews while we were there watching our romantic weekend go down the tubes because of horrible service, incredible noise, and snotty, huffy hotel staff. So I'll start with arrival - everything went fine, we get to the room and at first are ohhhing and ahhing over the very cool looking shower. But after taking a shower, the coolness factor wears off - serious open door design flaw. So not too much of a big deal, but worth noting. Then we went for drinks in their super swanky rooftop lounge. That was fun (although crazy overpriced) but I guess what do you expect from a downtown hotel. The appetizers we had were decent and the service was a little slow. Also, you couldn't get to the rooftop lounge unless you went back downstairs and had someone swipe a card to get you up there. This seemed kind of ridiculous to me - I had a room key, that should work as well. We go out to dinner, get back to the room and when we're trying to go to sleep the noise from the rooftop bar is unimaginably loud. I can pretty much sleep though anything but this was out of control. So we called the front desk to see if we could be transferred to another room (even though we were exhausted and already in bed). The woman on the phone was completely rude and unaccomidating. She said the rooms were completely booked (really? In a recession on an off weekend right before a holiday?) and there was nothing she could do. She did say she would "send somebody up." So we stayed awake waiting to speak with this person she was sending up and they never showed. We called again. Same woman said that she sent security up to our floor to walk the hallways and see if this was noise. Since they didn't hear anything (in the hallway) then she said there was no problem with noise. I asked if there was anything she could do, that we couldn't sleep and she said she could send up a fan or earplugs. (which then took 30 mins to get to our room and didn't help much.) The next morning after a crappy nights sleep (oh and there were multiple holes in the sheets) we ventured downstairs for breakfast. We wouldn't have even eaten there (read the reviews before hand that indicated the service was TERRIBLE and the food mediocre) but we had vouchers. We get to the restaurant and decide to sit at the bar because we thought we'd have a better chance at getting better service. I think that was a good call and while we were waiting for our food we got to see how frantic, disorganized and unprofessional the management and some of the waitstaff were who were trying to get drinks to their table. Food came out - utterly unforgettable, greasy, and not worth even using the voucher.  Finally we go to leave and as we're checking out the manager just tells us we're all set after we turn in the keys (they didn't even ask how our stay was.) So I pipe up and give him an earful in a respectful way but in front of many other guests. he kind of half apologizes and then says he'll follow up in the next 24 hours by calling me to get more information and see if there's anything more they can do. It's now been 2 months and no call ever came.  Do yourself a favor, if you are going to stay at a nice hotel in Chicago, skip the Dana.
