GOOD: - Two bathrooms in many of the rooms (including mine). Since I was sharing a room with a colleague, this was super-helpful and much appreciated! - Ornate and often very classy decor. *Definitely* not the bland, sterile Hilton's I've been accustomed to elsewhere. - Free calls to 800 numbers. A small respite from their cheap-ass nickel-and-diming I mention below. - Friendly and helpful employees. - Decent location, at least in that it's near the Shedd Aquarium and planetarium and so on. But I wouldn't call it centrally located. BAD: - One morning, I had only lukewarm water in the shower :(. - They seem to wash towels whether you want them to or not. That's wasteful. - Don't bother with their restaurant, Pavillion. Very mediocre food (at best). Fruits: hard as a rock and flavorless. Prawn salad = four tasty prawns on top of unsurprisingly wilted greens that are sitting in about a 2 inch-deep mixture of orange juice and water (well, that's what the dressing tasted like). Lobster bisque soup: Where's The Beef? Er, I mean lobster. Even the bisque part wasn't very tasty. In short, yuck! - As with nearly all Hiltons, it seems, you get nickeled and dimed. They charge you $1.50 per bag checked in their storage, for crying out loud. That's a complimentary service at *every* other hotel I've stayed at. And $15/day for wireless? $25 for late checkout? $6 for the unfrigerated bottle of water on your desk?!  - Assuming it's the Hilton that caters conference lunches... YUCK!!! Could they not have varied the sandwich choice once in five days?! Or offered a sandwich that didn't taste like eating flavorless sawdust? - Christmas music. 24/7 in the lobbies. Not even very good Christmas music, mind you... just schmaltzy crap on and on and on... - Beds were too soft to be comfortable. * * * I was conflicted between 2 and 3 stars here. I'd say 2.5, but decided on 2 due to the crappy dining options in the hotel and the nickel-and-diming (admittedly typical in most high-end hotels, but that doesn't make it right).
