(NOTE: REVIEW FOR SPA ONLY) A friend and I decided that we wanted to treat ourselves to massages. It was a last minute decision so we called around until we found open appointments. This is how we ended up at The Spa at the Dana Hotel. When we arrived, we stepped off the elevator onto the Spa level and so far, we liked what we saw. The waiting area and hallways were very tranquil looking and contemporary. We checked in and we were told that we could use the stream room in the locker area before our massages. Having had massages at other Spa's, like Bliss (or The Elysian, Peninsula, Exhale, Urban Oasis, etc.), we were really excited to use the locker room amenities. Upon entering, we lost our excitement. The locker rooms here are tiny. Two restrooms, one small steam shower and maybe three showers. On the counter was one hair dryer and typical spa amenities - a few razors, some mouthwash, toothbrush/toothpaste, comb, deodorant and lotion. The atmosphere was nothing special. It was sort of a mess, even though no one else was in there. The ceiling was peeling and there were black stains on the wall (um, mold?!). We were disappointed. Needless to say, we didn't spend too much time in the locker room. We put on our robes and walked to the "relaxation" room, a dimly lit room with a few chairs and chaises to sit in while you wait for your masseuse. We were served strawberry-cucumber infused water. They had magazines and fruit to enjoy. The room was comfortable, but we still felt like we wouldn't want to see it with the lights turned all the way up. With all that being said, the massages were pretty decent. We booked 50 minute, $90 Swedish massages. The massage tables were comfortable, the masseuse was friendly and I did leave feeling relaxed. Would I go back to the The Spa at The Dana Hotel? Probably not. With all of the massage options in the city, I'd probably stretch my wallet to go somewhere else or spend my $90 in another way. I'm a sucker for great spa amenities, and sadly, this one didn't live up to my expectations.
