This was my very first trip away from home with my two-year-old son. The pictures online, convenient location and cheaper price if you book in advance were all positives even before we arrived. We had a rough taxi ride from the airport, and just upon arrival, my son vomited in the taxi....not the best start to our trip. The gentleman at the front desk (I think his name was Todd) was sympathetic and very kind. We were hours early for check-in, but were able to take advantage of the lobby and breakfast, and we cleaned up the best we could in the lobby washroom. Todd and another woman at the front desk were helpful with directions to nearby attractions. Our room was ready after a few hours exploring the city, which worked out nicely (still earlier than check in time). The room was exactly as pictured on the website. Small, but not too small (still had a dresser inside the closet and closet space), updated, modern and very clean. As a mother, these were all very important to me. Wi-fi was free, which was appreciated. We had a very pleasant stay and enjoyed breakfast everyday. Some days it was very busy, but we were lucky enough to have a table each day. The staff (including breakfast staff) was incredibly friendly and courteous! That alone would bring us back for another stay. Todd remembered my name after our first encounter and every doorman would greet my son and me enthusiastically every time! There are a few steps at the entrance from the front door to the hotel lobby, which worried me with an enormous suitcase and a stroller, but the doorman would help us every single time.  They held our luggage both the day we arrived and the day we left, which was a relief. There is a Trader Joe's practically right across the street, and restaurants, Magnificent Mile shopping and Water Tower shopping all within walking distance. Navy Pier is a longer walk, but manageable. I liked that the hotel seemed smaller and personal, was updated and still was an historical building. We would absolutely stay here again! I am grateful for such a positive traveling experience!
