I kept trying to reassure myself that this place wouldn't be as bad as the reviews here made it to be, especially since we were paying for a ticket and it should be fairly exclusive, right? Wow, Yelp, you were sooooo right and I swear to never doubt you again. THIS PLACE WAS HORRIBLE (and yes, I am breaking internet etiquette to express this statement!) Spent almost $75 a person just to wait. Jokingly we said the club should be called "The Line" but honestly, we waited for almost every freaking thing we didn't even want to do anymore. We had an amazing dinner at Thalia Spice (which we also did last year because it was just THAT good), then got to the club around 10pm, thinking most of the line should be gone. Instead, we arrive to find not only is the general admission still waiting, but even the idiots who decided dropping $100s of dollars for VIP was a good idea were still outside. What was even better was their "so-called" tickets were business cards with little numbers written on the top - why did I pay so much money for your stupid business card when I could have just taken one, then write scribble on a corner like a third of the people that got in for free? We waited in line for 45 minutes even though we purchased tickets ahead of time. When people started complaining, throwing fits, and demanding refunds, suddenly the line was moving faster... Shocker. It moved so fast we had to then wait in line for drinks for at least 20 minutes (not necessarily a line, but more like a mass of bodies around the only two bars in the entire place). Brilliant idea to put only three bartenders at the larger bar on a night like NYE and one bartender at the bar near the bathroom, which of course smelled like a cess pool. I get that it's an open bar and the bartender really wants tips but it got ridiculous when the bartender only paid attention to people who flashed $20s and titties. Not necessarily in that order, either. No real surprise when people would order six drinks a round for only their consumption when finally given the attention. I myself ordered 4 Coronas for my wasted time. Then, time to climb over more bodies and oh yeah, did I mention the broken glass that littered the floor? I never saw a single staff member moving to clean it up. Nor any puke that random drunk girls decided to produce on the dance floor. Or even the guy that admitted to me in his drunken stupor that he pissed on the main bar because the bathroom was too gross to enter. How magical. So midnight toast, fine - that was well and dandy other than the fact that we didn't get our party favorites or champagne as was to be included in our price (never saw the appetizer that was supposed to be included either, but at that point, nothing surprised me about this crappy place); thankfully people started to leave after the ball dropped. People falling all over themselves, the music was decent at best, and then the DJ or some distant voice in the crowd announces it's last call at 1:30... at 1:32, two whole minutes later, the house lights come on and that same distant voice says the club was closing. Wow, I'm pretty sure the advertisement stated the club would close at 2am. I know I'm not drunk because I never made it back to the bar after hearing about urine possibly being under my shoes. So yet the final line for the coat check. A girl friend of mine was shoved while we waited by some drunken idiot, so she started to shove back just to defend herself. Suddenly, she's getting fondled by security and thrown out of the club while her sister is desperately trying to prevent her from being hurt by testosterone-driven perverts. They literally picked her up by her legs and held her in parts they should not have been touching. Fast-forward to her waiting out in the cold without her jacket because they won't let her back in and guess what I discover? Bleeding scratch marks all over her exposed back. She's too disoriented and intoxicated to care, but her sister is furious and blind with anger. The females of our party were frustrated and completely disappointed with the night, while the males of our party were inebriated and thought it was a riot just to see women fight, even if it was their own friends. Absolutely horrible for NYE. By the way, one of the females will also be writing the General Manager and I am urging my friend who was injured to look into charges, if possible. As I stated in capital letters before, THIS PLACE IS HORRIBLE.
