We recently stayed here for my sister's wedding. The actual wedding reception was nice enough, as was our room. However, I have never experienced more abominable customer service in my natural life than what we received here. We reserved over the phone because my sister had a block of rooms reserved at a slightly reduced rate for the wedding guests. I received an email a couple days before, confirming my reservation. I was in the bridal party, so I was tied up after the ceremony, and left it to my fianc to check us in. As we were out taking photos, he called me in a slight panic telling me that the hotel did not have our reservation. I said they had just sent me an email and to check again. When we arrived back at the hotel, I got in line to see what the issue was and to try to check in. The woman looked it up again and said she didn't have it. When I told her about the confirmation email, she said "We don't do that" (not true). She said I would just have to get into my email and get my confirmation number. She then told me that she had a line of people behind me she needed to help, and basically ordered me to leave the front desk area, implying she needed to help her "real" customers!! Because of the hotel's crappy internet I could not get online. My sister, the bride, who had a million other things to worry about, had to track down the hotel wedding planner, who took me into her office to get on my email. In looking at the reservation, I saw that they had misspelled my last name. Now, mind you, they had pulled up our reservation block at the desk and were apparently too inept or lazy to glance through the list and find my name- even though it was misspelled, it was only by ONE LETTER!! There were only about 20 of us in the block, and they didn't even bother to go through the names one at a time to see if I was there. At this point we asked for the manager. We were missing the reception, and were getting pretty upset. He apologized (kind of) and told us he would have a porter bring my fianc's bags to our room so that we could go and enjoy the reception. Upon returning to our room late that night, we discovered that none of the bags had been brought up as promised!!! This included valuable items such as a laptop and camera. We called the front desk and were told that WE would have to come down and get them.  The final straw was that when I had gone down in the morning for brunch (at $20, a total and complete ripoff, but that's where the wedding party was meeting so I had no choice), I asked at the desk if we could have a slightly later checkout time (1:00 instead of noon) because we were still recovering from the night before. They said sure, no problem, but then at noon ON THE DOT they were banging on our door. I can't even fathom how the service might have been worse. The only slightly redeeming thing was the wedding planner helping me out- if it hadn't been for her, I don't know how we would have worked anything out.
