***3.5 Stars*** Ok, maybe it's just me, but when I stay at a hotel with the reputation of the Intercontinental (and the price tag), I expect something special. This hotel is really quite ordinary. I stayed here recently for a conference and while the meeting amenities were fantastic, the hotel room itself was only mediocre at best. So, let's start with the mediocre first. My hotel room was spacious, located in the historic tower (I guess that's why it seemed that my room hadn't been updated in a very long time). The bed was not comfortable and the lounge chairs were old and worn. The rest of the furnishings were old and very used to the point of having drawer fronts askew on the desk and doors that wouldn't open properly on the TV stand. Like I said, with a hotel of this reputation and price, I expect a comfy bed, some chairs that don't look like they've been around since 1964 and furniture that isn't out of grandma's attic. Then, there's the bathroom. It's like they may have tried to update it at one point...and then gave up. I had an impossible time maintaining one water temperature both in my sink and in the shower. Imagine trading between scalding hot and lukewarm. Gee, I'm now awake AND I've sustained 3rd degree burns. AWESOME! The towels were crustier than sand paper and, come on people, can we please have two-ply toilet paper?? Single ply is what I expect from your much cheaper cousin, the Holiday Inn. The redemption in the hotel room was the large, flat screen TV. That I did enjoy (along with my $6 bottle of water). Now on to the good stuff...The meeting facilities. These were simply wonderful. The staff was courteous and friendly. They accommodated all of my vegetarian meal requests without blinking an eye. The breakfast buffet was a breakfast lover's dream - everything imaginable and all of it very tasty. The banquet lunches were quite good and all the meat eaters enjoyed their entrees. The rooms where we had our meetings were well maintained and very clean. Temperature was nicely maintained as well. I would highly recommend their meetings services and facilities.  Of course, in the end, you're paying for the location. Yeah, that can't be beat. It's within walking distance of just about everything the Mag Mile has to offer - great restaurants, bars, shopping...
