I visited Chicago in August 2010 for the annual Market Days event in the Boy's Town district of Chicago. I was able to secure a deal on this hotel through undisclosed means, and we chose the hotel based on the history, beauty, and location of it in proximity to Michigan Avenue. We were set to arrive quite late on a Friday night. I had called earlier in the evening to inform them that I would be arriving late, but not to give away my room, as I had the reservations made in advance. I was informed that this would not be a problem. When we arrived in Chicago, the hotel's attached parking ramp seemed rather hard to find. Though this is to be expected, a head's up: parking was $43 for self and $55 valet. Before you complain, remember you are in downtown Chicago. Stay somewhere else if you don't want to pay for parking. I was immediately impressed with the gorgeous lobby area and entry area to the hotel. Anyone who can appreciate historic buildings will love this hotel. Given the lateness of our arrival, there was not much of a line, and only a few individuals working the desk, which I expected. However, I was rather dismayed to find out that the only room they had left available (I had booked a room with two queen-sized beds) was a "parlor," which is simply a living room area attached to a larger suite. It has it's own bar area, TV, desk, computer, and bathroom, but only a pull-out sofa bed. It was only for one night and we were very tired. Knowing that these things happen, I grabbed the keys. I was, however, disappointed that this happened given I had called several hours prior to avoid this very thing. The parlor was more than adequate for a few people, but if I were to have had a party of 4 or more, I may have been more upset. It did slightly bother me they didn't offer any form of "apology" or incentive to make me feel welcome. It almost felt like a "take-it-or-leave-it" situation, and did not make me feel very valued. I appreciated that taxis were always available on the Michigan Avenue entrance of the hotel (consequently one of the most beautiful parts of the lobby as well). As a full-service hotel in a downtown metro, it annoys me when people complain about the nickling and diming. Yes, there is a charge for the internet, fitness center, breakfast, and items in the room. This is to be expected, and I will not knock the hotel, as it was my decision to stay here. Other reviewers would be wise to remember that. You're not getting a free buffet for your family of six at this hotel. The next day, we switched rooms to a room with two queen beds and two bathrooms (which I VERY much appreciated the next morning). The only complaint I can make about the rooms are that the windowsills had a lot of dead bugs on them, and notes advising guests to be cautious of opening the windows, lest bugs get in. Advice was noted and well-taken. The beds were nothing outstanding, surprisingly, as I do prefer a softer bed. The bathrooms had very nice gold accents and everything in the room was very well cleaned/appointed. However, when we were in the process of switching rooms, there was a VERY long line of guests, and it took 15-20 minutes to get to the front of it. I was shocked to see only two people working on a Saturday morning during Lollapalooza, which was across the street. They definitely needed more staffing both mornings I was downstairs. In summary, there are a lot of great things about this hotel. It is very historic, well maintained, and I felt a lot richer than I was staying in it. The rooms were nicely appointed and the location was great (though it's still a few blocks away from the shopping areas of Michigan Avenue). I can say, however, that I would not pay to stay here unless I were to get a good deal again, as the service, while not terrible, was very flat and apathetic. The desk agents, regardless of the time of day or night, sounded bored, uninterested, and I got a very unapproachable vibe from many of them, though they were never downright rude to me. Perhaps this is because they are trained to be "professional". A little smiling never hurt anyone. The Hilton in Chicago is a beautiful hotel in a great location that is simply hampered by a few rough edges. From my experience, my only complaints were being stuck in a parlor room when I was guaranteed a two queen-bed guest room and the flat service from the employees (perhaps the biggest turn off for me). I suspect that if I wanted to be obnoxious, I could've mentioned my complaints to the desk and I have may have received some sort of compensation, though I am not that kind of person and nothing about the stay (except the room issue) even remotely seemed to warrant that kind of complaining. In the grand scheme of things, I don't really consider these minor issues to be indicative of a poor hotel. We had no issues with the cleanliness or noise, and I would stay here again, though I'd make sure I found a better deal than rack rate.
