Here are 5 things that I would rather do than stay at this overpriced hotel: buy used tampons at a garage sale for my wife, roll around naked in a stinky puddle on Lower Wacker Drive, watch 2 guys and 1 cup, donate to the Cannibal Flesh Donor Program, karate chop a moving train and, drink a cup of coffee made from coffee beans that have been regurgitated by a weasel. Why would I do all those things? Because there is no way that ANYONE should even consider spending the night at the Congress, it's an insult to both decency and intelligence. Sure it's located on Michigan, sure it's right in front of Grant Park but, the room and the service there would make you think you just checked into a roach motel and, for good reasons; let me count the ways: First, we wanted to stay in a non-smoking room. After traveling to the 7th floor we opened a closed corridor, to get to our non-smoking room, and were hit with the ever teasing smell of marijuana. I don't know if someone had just passed through there smoking it or if someone was getting spliffed-out in one of the rooms but, the smell was so strong that we told one of the maids and she said that she would call security. We entered our room and, thank God, there was no smell in there. Instead... ...we found: mold in the bathroom, funky carpet molding that looked like it had been a termite's nesting ground in the 50's, the wallpaper looked like my 7 year old niece put it up using paper-mache, the bathroom door looked like it had been painted over 100 times since the sixties with bits of paint chiping off revealing the several layers of paint underneath like the Grand Canyon. There was also NO refrigerador in the room, WTF? Come on, even a Super 8 has that and I won't have to pay 3x as much; this fact really sucked since we had just eaten a deep dish pizza and need someplace to store the left overs. And finally, the bathroom itself...let's just say I've seen and used better gas station stalls than the one at the "presigious" Congress Plaza Hotel. But wait, there's more! The room was so crappy that we decided to go downstairs and reduce our stay there to just one night - we were extremely tired. We finally made it downstairs,weed smell was being delt with by opening up ONE hallway window btw, and tell the receptionist our take on their hotel. To the Congress' credit she did try to accomodate us by sending a free mini-fridge to our room, seems that the hotel does in fact have them, they just happen to cost $10 extra per night. So, at this point, we just wanted to speak to the manager to let him/her know that we were very disappointed, we did this NOT to be comp'ed, we did this to air our frustration. The manager was at the other end of the reception desk so the reception clerk told us to head down and that she would be with us shortly. I can't really pin point when it was that my wife and I decided, "fuck this place" but, it must have occured during the 30 minutes that we were left waiting to speak to the manager. She saw us, she knew exactly why we were standing there, she passed by us several times without ever so much as an, "I'll be right with you." We finally spoke with her and quite honestly, she seemed indifferent about the whole matter, I believe her name was Elsa or Elda. She told us that she could refund our money back to our card but that all personal belongings had to be out of the room. So... We head back up stairs through the veil of herb stank and, what do we find in our room? The complimentary mini-fridge that the girl at the front desk sent up to our room, right? WRONG! Appearantly, besided the crumbling decor of the Congress, they must have a real inept or just plain lacadasical staff because instead of having a mini-fridge, they sent up an extra foldable bed which wasn't even placed, say, by the bed against the wall, no sir, it was left haphazardly and smack dab in the middle of the room. What the fuck? That's when I came to the conclusion that it must be the staff that's smoking out in the corridors. We finally make it back down, and we finally get our refund put back on the debit card, it'll of course take 7-10 business days which totally sucks because now we are left with having to find a new hotel -$400. We ended up finding a hotel inside the city proper which met our expectations and fulfilled our quartering needs. So, with all that has been said, STAY THE FUCK AWAY FROM THE CONGRESS PLAZA HOTEL!!! LOOK AT THE FUCKIN' REVIEWS (too bad we didn't)!!! The only place that the Congress looks nice is the ground floor were there's more than enough architectural eye-candy and restaurants to convice you that the place is top-notch and, convince ppl it does; during this whole ordeal, I was amazed at how many ppl were gladly paying money to stay in a craptacular shit hole. Save your money, don't even think about staying here, because the only thing that you're paying for is the location, nothing more.
