It's not what it's all cracked up to be and for the price, I was expecting a lot more than what I got. I know I might be on my own, but hear me out-- the room was really tiny, like NYC tiny, and it smelled like cigarette smoke as soon as we opened the door. Now let's start there--before I opened the door. I went to the front desk and checked in, went up stairs to my room, which was not the room number they told me, it was a converted conference room of some sort that they didn't even bother to change the name to a number. I proceeded to call the front desk and let them know that my room did not exist, which is when they finally told me it was actually called "study number 1". Went to put my key card in and did not work, so I tried a few other times before I finally gave up and called the front desk again. They told me to try again in a couple of minutes and if it didn't work, to go downstairs and get a new card. Of course, I had to go and get a new card. So I go downstairs and wait in what seems like the longest line (which I know wasn't their fault but I was just annoyed) then got a new card and headed back upstairs. Guess what? It DOESN'T WORK... AGAIN! I call the front desk again and get an answer by an equally annoyed front desk person, who tells me that I must be doing something wrong because the room key works. How rude! Finally, a very nice employee comes in and tries to use my key, which does not work (thankyouverymuch front desk girl). He got it opened with his key and had to get me a copy similar to his key for the remainder of my stay. That same night I was getting ready for an event and had my itunes on while chatting with a co-worker, when I was interrupted by the concierge because "people were complaining about the noise level"--ARE YOU KIDDING ME? What kind of dorm room/church retreat twilight zone was I in? I turned it off... I will give this place 3 stars only because of their location--it's in the middle of where everyone wants to be and all the shopping. Maybe next time James Hotel.
