This was an interesting hotel. Had some definite pluses and had some question marks that made me keep it from giving it 4 stars. Stayed there for four nights. Definite plus was the availability of free laundry on the 10th floor. Would have been better if one of the dryers wasn't broken because that meant two washers trying to dry in one drier. Luckily only one other person was doing laundry so it was something that could be accomplished. The water bottles and water was a nice touch. I preferred getting a large water bottle and filling that one.  I didn't try the work out room so I can't say anything about it. Location is fantastic. Easy to get to the loop and therefore access to all the trains. If anything is an issue expect the front desk to deal with it quickly. Now that is the issue. One would not expect things to go wrong all that often, but they do but on the plus side they are dealt with quickly. But it's the little things. No hair drier -- one supplied. Room said to have a 'kitchenette' -- well one person's kitchenette is another person's fridge and microwave - no plates or utensils or..... Bathroom supplies not replenished, but if you ask they are there. Then the A/C broke. Tried to explain that it wasn't the thermostat but was the compressor but we had to go through the steps of replacing the batteries in the thermostat and allowing it to fail to fix the problem. Kind of like calling India when your computer has a failure code. Follow the script. But there was a new room supplied, not exactly the same but close. And they said they would move us from one room to the other but that wasn't done but I didn't care because then I knew it was done correctly. Overall, if you can get a great price then try the place but I rate it comparable to the SpringHill Suites (River North) or the Holiday Inn (Merchandise Mart). If you can get Residence Inn (either downtown) then I would select those. As I said, if something is wrong expect it to be resolved quickly but there are so many things that were off I cannot give it four stars.
