The Drake is one of the most famous hotel institutions located in Downtown Chicago on the Magnificent Mile. Traditionally and architecturally speaking, I would compare the Drake to the likes of the Waldorf Astoria in NYC. I have personally stayed at the Drake, which I booked for a friend's birthday a couple of years back during Christmas time. And because of the season, I was very impressed with the decorations throughout. Unfortunately, my last experience with the Drake was definitely sub par. Back in June, I booked a room at the Drake with my points for a real great friend of mine and her husband to celebrate her birthday. Because it was her birthday, I ordered a platter of cold cuts and meats along with a birthday cake, and even called the hotel and spoke to the catering manager to ensure that the catering department charged MY credit card for these items. When my friends checked in, they were very satisfied with the room, which was great. However, when they checked out, they charged THEIR credit card for the items I ordered for her birthday. I did not find this out until I spoke with my friends, and they told me about the incident to ensure we were not double charged for the items. When I inquired with my credit card company, they did not charge me. What irritated me about this incident is the fact that I had to call the hotel from Florida (I was there for business) to get this entire thing straightened out AFTER I gave them specific instructions on who to charge. What was even worse is the fact that this is very embarrassing to me in front of my friends. Now, I did contact the Hilton Diamond Desk and let them know about the incident and they conducted an investigation on this, but there were also some serious communication issues within themselves as the hotel told the Diamond Desk they contacted me, when in fact they did not. I also called the hotel manager regarding this, and it took them 3 days to get back with me. Simply put...I am very disappointed, especially for a hotel of this caliber where I can only expect nothing but the best, especially on the service side.
