We took a large family trip to chicago and stayed at Omni in June. There were seven of us on this trip and we booked 3 rooms. Although we had three government ID's the hotel was only able to give us two rooms at the governemnt employee rate. They said this was due to the hotel being sold out and so there were no more discount rates avaliable? This did not make any sense. We stayed for 6 nights and 7 days. Never once was the room service the same. One night they would turn dow the bed all the way, the next just take the pillows off, the next they would hide the pillows in the closet.... It was weird. The hotel offers a Select Guest program, which we signed up for before even going to Chicago. When we got there the check-in staff did not mention it at all, we had to bring it up. With the beverage program, as a part of the select guest thing: I would mark for them to knock and bring in our drinks, but the only time it was brought in was the day that I ask for it to be left out..... so strange. The selecet guest program stated that the hotel had a pillow bar, you could pick a feather pillow or a foam pillow. We ask for feather but never got it. We ask a couple of times. The select guest program stated it included a nightly treat and a bottle of water, yet we never got either brought to the room. The internet did not work half the time and we needed the internet as we had to work while we were on vacation. Elevators were weird, you couldn't even take the stairs if you wanted to....who does that? The billing was really weird as well. They charged our credit card 1800 dollars when we checked in and then when we reviewed out billing statment when we were leaving we noticed that they charged us for the internet that we were told was free so they had to go back and credit us. Then it took about a week for the internet charges to be credited. This type of billing caused the fraud department on everyones credit cards to shut down the cards until we called to get things fixed ..... a hassel that could have been avoided had Omni charged per night or at the end of our stay. The location was nice, but we felt like we still had a long way to go for most things, other than shopping. Although this used to be the hotel that Oprah used, it looked more like something Jerry Springer would use. Overall it was just a plain old hotel. I would NEVER pay $219+ tax and fees to stay here again. I would have rather stayed at a Motel 6.
