Squee! I couldn't wait to get home from my visit to Chicago so I could rate this place on Yelp. Wow. Wow. Wow. Absolutely fabulous. Spent four days here, and the service was impeccable; from check-in time to the minute we left the place, every single thing was perfect. I made reservations a month in advance, and when I received my confirmation email a few days before our trip reminding me of my reservation (like I needed a reminder? Thanks anyway!), there was a note at the bottom notifying me of a $20 suite upgrade if I brought in the printout. So I did. I presented it during check in, fully ready to pay the 20 bucks to upgrade for a suite. If I'm staying in Chicago for four days, might as well stay in style, right? Well...I didn't need to present the confirmation form OR pay the 20 dollars -- they upgraded me for free. Wow. The room was amazing. There was plenty of room, and free wireless internet is always a plus. And our view of the city was FANTASTIC. Wow. I couldn't stop taking pictures. We had a few things that we needed to refrigerate, and I noticed in the guest book that they rented out small fridges for $25 a night, so I called housekeeping to get one. I wasn't excited about paying $100 for a fridge, but I needed it. Well, a few minutes later, the front desk attendant called and told me that the fridge was on it's way up to our room, and it would only be a $20 dollar charge for our entire stay. SWEET! I loved the location of the hotel. It was steps away from Michigan avenue, and there were plenty of bus stops around to take us anywhere else we needed to go. It was 2 blocks from Giordano's! Can't beat that at all! Elephant & Castle is a cool pub connected to the hotel. The service can be slow at times, but the food is terrific. Don't skip out on that. The 40th floor lounge left a lot to be desired. You can get better drinks and atmosphere elsewhere. When I come back to Chicago, there's no doubt in my mind that I will stay at the Avenue again. It was amazing. I miss that place already. Oh, and they never did charge me for the fridge. Awesome! :)
