This place was decent. I found out after arriving that this hotel is right in the center of the infamous Viagra Triangle. AWESOME! Needless to say, this area wasn't exactly my type of scene at all, but it wasn't bad and the location was pretty good for getting to other places. The staff was great and the hotel itself seemed pretty nice, but the particular room we got was kinda lame.  The awesomeness: - Nice and competent staff. - Clean & fairly upscale. - Convenient location for getting to most things in downtown Chicago and the North side of town.  - It was a fairly good deal on Priceline.  The suckage (in no particular order): - Lack of power outlets. Really, there was maybe one free... - Really bad sheets. Not the most comfortable and they just would not stay on the bed. Had to put them back on every night.  - TV was pretty weak. You'd expect a place like this to have a nicer, newer TV. It's not that important though.  - Really poor lighting. This was a bizarre one - it was a very dark room even with the lamps on (there was no overhead lighting).  - Terrible shower. Those detachable showerheads are fine if you can put them to a regular shower height and use it like a normal showerhead - the highest the showerhead went up was to my chest. Is this shower for leprechauns? In addition to the height issue, the water pressure kinda sucked. The shower itself also seemed really plasticky and cheap - not in line with the quality evident in the rest of the hotel. And what's up with the handrails everywhere in the shower and near the toilet? Is this a handicapped bathroom?! - Wonderful 5th floor view of the shit-covered roof next door. To be fair, beyond that was a decent view of a big department store (Barney's, I think) - Room was across from the maid's closet. Awesome! It'll probably look like I'm being super picky but I'm really not. I'm easy to please when it comes to lodging. Basically, I don't need everything to be fantastic - I just need everything to not suck. The hotel just came up really short in a lot of very basic and simple areas that you normally take for granted. And even with a decent deal through Priceline you are still paying a good bit of money to stay here. Maybe all their rooms are kinda sub-par like that - I don't know. I'm wondering if maybe we got a crappy room because we went through Priceline. Maybe they just have a shitastic room they keep reserved for guests who go through Priceline. Who knows. Anyway, aside from the location (which ended up being pretty convenient for getting around), this place didn't display a lot of impressive qualities and lacks in some very basic areas. 2.5
