My fiance and I decided to have a little faux-getaway on Sunday night. Although we live only a few blocks from the Dana, we thought it would be a fun way to close out the summer to book a hotel, do the whole spa thing, shop Michigan avenue like tourists, and enjoy some of the things in Chicago that we take for granted since we live here. We had high hopes for our stay and were excited to get a move on, Sunday morning. Upon booking, we were told that check-in is 3PM (normal) but that we should have no problem having our room by 12-1. We got to the hotel about 1230 and were told they sold out the night before and we'd have to wait until 3 for our room. Not their fault, totally understood, so we left our bags with the bellman and went shopping. My fiance had booked a massage earlier in the week for 2PM and at about 1PM she called to see if she could get a last minute manicure after her spa treatment. The manicurists were booked (understandable) but she was also told they had no record of her massage!?!?! - this had been confirmed by phone a day earlier. The massage was one of the things she was most looking forward to, so after a brief phone argument, we marched back to the hotel to get it straightened out. Luckily they "found her reservation" and she was off to her massage. I went back out to do some shopping and met up with her at 3PM to check in. We were told the room STILL wasnt ready, but somehow they managed to find us one that fit our reservation. The room was what we expected, small, but modern and cool. The IPOD system was excellent and the bed was super comfy. We requested a room with a balcony as opposed to their floor to ceiling windows - either way the hotel is very open with regards to people in neighboring buildings being able to see in and we received welcoming waves from people across the way. Luckily the blackout blinds do the trick in securing some privacy. I'm thinking that the upcoming portion of my review on Ajasteak should go under the restaurant, so if you happen to read something on that page that seems oddly familiar, you'll know why. Going into the restaurant, I had moderate expectations given that its fairly new and some of the reviews seemed "eh". We had an 8PM reservation and were clearly on time since we were just an elevator away. When we arrived, we were told they werent ready for us yet and to enjoy a cocktail at the bar - should be 15-20 minutes. I looked into what I assumed was the restaurant and there were only two tables out of probably 15 occupied and a few parties eating outside. I assumed there was another section of the restaurant that couldnt be seen from the bar area, but when we were seated in what turned out to be the empty restaurant I was BAFFLED. I ran to the bathroom when we were seated (have to take elevator/stairs to 2nd floor bathroom, none on restaurant level) - but the manager came to the table and apologized to my fiance for the wait - apparently they were extremely short staffed, backed up in the kitchen, and had a private party "upstairs". New restaurant kinks or shitty service??? The menu was on par with what I expected. We started with edamame (decent, but kind of flavorless) and the Kobe beef yakatori. I'm SO GLAD I opted for the Kobe beef appetizer as opposed to the $18 per oz entree as it was REALLY sub-par. It was served with mini-skewer/toothpicks to eat it with and kind of came across as something that would be served as passed appetizers at a cocktail party. Unimpressive. My fiance ordered the sea bass which she generally loves.Sea bass isnt normally a "fishy" fish and it is usually hearty/fluffy. However, her piece was pounded so thin, it was almost laughable and it was drenched in the terriyaki sauce (which although tasty) seemed an intentional overpowering of the sub-par fish. I opted for the lamb chops and upon ordering told the server that although I enjoy my steaks medium rare, I prefer lamb cooked a bit more and he acknowledged my request - OF COURSE, the lamb came out pretty much rare and both chops had a big visible piece of fat through the middle. This was a $40 dish that was worth 1/2 that, if that. I ate it because at that point I was starving. We also shared the "truffle" mashed potatoes which didnt have a hint of truffle flavor and tasted more like the buttered flavor out of the bag instant mashed potatoes found at the local Jewel for $0.89. Dismal. Clearly, we didnt stick around for dessert. Fortunately, my fiance and I know how to have fun even when faced with some shitty circumstances, so although on paper the overall experience of the Dana seems terrible, we made the best of it. When we left, our first thought was, "We're so F'in happy the Dana wasnt opened last year when we booked our wedding at the James hotel". On the surface the Dana seems to have every thing we like - spa, cool, modern decor, location, trendy restaurant, etc - but they definitely missed the mark with us.
