There was a time when I would have given the Congress Plaza an affectionate two-star review, but those days are long gone. My last stay was one of the most horrible hotel stays I've ever had, and I've stayed in the Ramada Inn in Inglewood, CA! The problem with Congress Plaza is, they have two seperate wings. The original wing is mostly okay. The rooms are really old, but most are roomy and the dilapidated nature is part of the charm. The "Buckingham Wing", which was apparently a value hotel next door bought out by the Congress some years ago, and never renovated, is a f-cking NIGHTMARE, however, and you have no say about which wing/room you stay in. In my four stays at Congress, one was in a decent room, the other three were hellish. One of the rooms I stayed in had a broken air conditioner (this was in the dead of summer, mind you) with STANDING WATER inside where the temp control knob was! I also saw tiny worms crawling on the bathroom floor of that room. Another room had a hole burned into the carpet in the shape of an iron and what looked to be arterial spray from a murder across the box spring. There are also regularly yellowish cum stains on the white bedding. Honestly, I'm surprised that I haven't contracted something or come down with a case of crabs after sleeping in their disgusting beds. Staff is rude, you have to cross a picket line to get in the door (the strike has been going on for almost five years, now, too--with no end in sight), the in-house restaurant is a TOTAL joke (they misspelled "toasted bagel" on their menu--it read "tasted bagel" instead...maybe it wasn't a misspelling...I wouldn't put pre-tasting the food past their crack kitchen staff) and they also offer an option to pay extra for a "room with a view". DON'T DO IT! The time I did that was when they stuck me in a reeking, disgusting room in the Buckingham Wing that had duct tape on the walls, a door that adjoined to someone elses' room through which you could hear talking and other noises, and burn marks on the carpeting. Nice location, but they need to sell this place to someone who cares and renovate the ENTIRE hotel. I've stayed in Super 8's that were much nicer. Adding insult to injury--IT'S TOTALLY EXPENSIVE! You can get better hotels for the same price. Just avoid, avoid, avoid.
