I travel some for work. When I travel I almost always travel alone so thus I eat alone, stay alone etc.. Keep that in mind with pretty much all my reviews (unless the review is in Dallas). This is my third time staying here. I don't know why I can't get away from staying here. I think based on location and price this is better then some of the choices.  Bed is comfy. Internet is fast but $19.95 a day? really? Come one I am not teleporting crap to my room using your broadband. That is a bit much. about twice as much as I usually pay at hotels.. (it still overly priced hotel industry). The rooms are small and the hotel is old. I prefer modern over old.world regal charm but oh well I am not living here only here 3-4 days at a time.  The TV is big but outdated. (ever here of flat screens? Well actually it is a flat screen in the room but not a plasma LCD that most people call a flat screen. its the tube kind with an actual flat screen. I have been here 2 days and have not turned it on yet though. bathroom is outdated but functional. Soaps and shampoos are your typical Hilton brand.  Don't expect a view for most of the rooms. Like I said this is my 3rd time here and every time I have a view of several other rooms outside my window. Peeping toms holla! I am staying on the executive floor so that is at least nice. I booked a regualr king room on http://hotels.com. Being an HHonors member they are letting me check out at 1 free of charge which is nice but i usually get that granted anywhere I stay. Location is nice. Close to pretty much anything and everything. for work I do trade shows and events so McCormick is where I go when I stay here. It is an easy bus/train ride or a pretty cheap cab ride there. They have a great fitness center. tons of equipment and options. They charge $15 a day or $25 for your whole stay. Which is ok given all the choices but there is nothing on their site, or even in the hotel that says that until you get to the desk at the gym. Would have been nice to know. And my ultimate litmus test of hotel rooms... my pet peeve.. the iron.. Their iron was cheap, not that great and the thing that I think all hotels should check for... can the iron be filled up with water in the sink without the use of a bottle or cup?.. the answer at this Hilton.. is NO.
