WATCH YOUR WALLET!!!! THEY OVERCHARGED ME 3 TIMES.. DO NOT GO HERE!!! I live on the west coast and only see my parents 2 times a year. I met them in Chicago for my Dad's birthday and wanted to be nice and pre-pay for one night of their 2-night stay. First, there were problems with billing over charging me and customer service BEFORE we even arrived for our stay. I called four times to the hotel to ask about the charges and no one ever got back to me until i had to go to the website and write a comment. I spoke with Director of Operations who really did nothing to apologize for the mistake or make any attempt to rectify the situation. When I asked for my parents to be compensated for one of their rooms for one night during their 2 night stay I was told that it was a ridiculous request and it was the equivalent of "asking a mechanic making a car payment for you because you dinged your car". Instead I was told he would think of some way to make it up to my parents when they checked out on Sunday (which never happened). They credited my credit card for the amount they overcharged me so I still paid for one night of the 2 night stay. When my parents checked out on Sunday, November 14th, not only were they charged for 2-nights, but for 2-nights worth of parking for 2-vehicles. My parents only had one vehicle. The Manager that was on staff spoke with my parents and told them that I was never there to sign for the charges to my card and therefore I was never paid-obviously a lie. By the time that everything got cleared up with the parking and a few other problems with the other rooms under my mother's name- the manager offered to take off the charge for one of the nights of their 2 night stay (exactly like I requested but was denied-again an unreasonable request). My father asked for a receipt and documentation which the Manager reluctantly gave him. So now for a THIRD TIME we are being overcharged. I already paid for one of the nights of their 2 night stay yet my parents paid for the same night since they were given the second night stay free. We will never be back to this hotel again it was a horrible experience even BEFORE we arrived and you had another chance to improve customer service during our stay and failed.The only genuine apology I received was from your accountant. You have a great facility and it is a shame that it is not run properly.
