So......this was the place where we stayed for the bachelor party. I had certain expectations of this hotel. The Hard Rock Hotel in Downtown San Diego is awesome. First of all, I know I shouldn't go into anything having any expectations. It only sets up for disappointment. I wasn't disappointed per say, I was just thrown off a little bit from my expectations. First time being in Chicago, I never knew the history of the downtown area and some of the existing buildings that were renovated. This Hard Rock was renovated a while back and it's evident. Architecturally speaking, this building has charm and character. It's quaint for a large hotel if that at all makes sense. Check out San Diego Hard Rock Hotel.. You'll know what I mean.  The location is smack dab in the middle of where all our activities were. Just a short walk to Taste of Chicago and other interesting sites. We reserved the entire 32nd floor which was compromised of 3 suites. The Hard Rock did their best to renovate the rooms and to make them contemporary. But yet there was no air blower/fan in the bathroom which could make for a stinky situation sharing 1 bathroom with several dudes. Answer to the problem....can of Fe-breeze saves the day! Other than that, we had everything we needed with modern comforts. The views from our suites were simply spectacular, amazing, magnificent, you get the idea. I was a little turned off to see so many spider webs outside our window however. But what can you do...it's an older building and we were after all on the 32nd floor. I'm amazed now how technology has changed. Case in point the mini bar. They have this thing rigged so that it actually measures the weight of all the bottles in the fridge. So in other words, I was thinking how I can swipe a bottle of liquor with a bag of sand ...a la Indiana Jones style..... Concierge service was exemplary and they helped us with any questions or situations that we had. I should have stayed one more night with my friends, cuz apparently they met up with Snoop Dogg at the hotel on the day I flew out.....F*Ker's.... I'm jealous...I wanted to hang out with Snoop D O double Jizzle.... Final thoughts. I like it....it was different...cuz it was an older building. It certainly has it's own charm. I intend to go back to Chicago maybe in a few years. I'd like to stay at the new Trump Tower.
