My fiancee and I stayed here for 4 nights for an amazing Birthday getaway! From start to finish The Dana definitely made our stay amazing! As we pulled up out front the bellhop boys eagerly greeted us and took our luggage into the hotel. We arrived around 10:00am because of our early flight so the bellhop said he would tag our suitcases and when our room was ready he would have them delivered. Check in is actually one level up, you can either take the cool glass elevator directly there or walk up the short window encased beautiful stairwell up. The concierge pleasantly greeted us and advised our rooms were not ready and told us she'd alert us as soon they were. We inquired about upgrading our room and she graciously offered us a room on the quieter side of the building at a discounted rate. Room 2114 - Serene King The room is gorgeous, long & spacious with dark wood floors and a magnificent floor to ceiling window with views on the city and street below. The bed was very plush and comfy and the bathroom included a rainfall shower head and bowl sink. FYI the shower's back wall is glass and is exposed to the bedroom but covered by a curtain. So if your in the shower, someone in the bedroom could pull the curtain aside and take a peep at you. It's not an issue if your a couple but if you have privacy issues you want to keep this in mind. You also get free wifi in the hotel and complimentary use the in room keurig coffee machine. The mini bar is well stocked with affordable items. Our room was cleaned everyday and kept spotless with fresh towels replaced everyday and we had no issue with noise level at night. Dining Room service is sooo fast! Our meal came up in about 15 minutes hot and fresh! We had breakfast and dinner at Aja (on site restaurant) and both meals were exquisite! Vertigo (on site club) was amazing! They have a heated patio with fire pit and great drinks! Service Everyone from the doorman, to concierge, housekeepers, waiters, and managers were sooo kind and helpful! The concierge manager helped my fiancee arrange for flowers to be delivered to my room on my birthday, the concierge told us to have a free bottle of wine from the mini bar on the house to celebrate our birthday, the doormen were great on giving us tips on how to navigate the city and where are good places to check out. Everyone we encountered greeted us with smiles and graciousness. Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel to others! The Dana made our Birthdays very memorable and enjoyable! This hotel is in the perfect location walking distance to many great restaurants and even the Magnificent Mile! FYI If your concerned about noise just ask for a room on the quieter side of the building away from Vertigo
