I had moderate to high expectations from this place. But I was very unimpressed. We checked in pretty late at night, the person at the front desk was a lady, she was ok but either did not understand my question or did not want to answer it. I asked the lady for a room with a view, and she said, "here are your keys, your room faces south." I asked again, "does it have a nice view." Her response: "it faces south." UM OK? By the way, it did not have a nice view. All I saw was the building in front of me, which was all glass. I thought maybe our window was the kind of glass where we could look out, but no one could look in. No, I was wrong. I could see myself in the glass window of the building across from us. The bed was comfortable and the room was pretty clean. The next morning, I had to print something for a conference, so I went to the business center, and the internet was (I think) about $6 for 15 minutes. They REALLY should NOT be charging to use internet in the business center. I understand if you charge for internet in the rooms, but really?? The internet was SO SLOW. It took 15 minutes to load http://gmail.com and open a one-page word document. I called the guy in-charge of this, his name was "Eddie." He was unapologetic and said "people use this all the time." Then he swiped his card on the other computer and asked me to use it, again same thing. It was SO SLOW and did not load. Eddie still did not apologize or anything. I looked for a fedex closeby and found one in the Marriott. It worked flawlessly. The next thing to happen was that my room key did not work. The REALLY RUDE woman at the front desk said, "if you keep the key near your phone, it deactivates." Well, I did not keep it near the phone, so I don't know why it deactivated. Also, there were two other people in line whose keys also were deactivated. Third bad thing: the showers are difficult to figure out. Seriously? You need instructions for the showers. All in all, not worth the price and I am definitely not going back and not recommending it to anyone else. You can get better service and experience in another hotel for sure.
