Like others have said, this hotel has a great location and a great pool. Unfortunately, I wasn't very impressed with the room itself. I came here on a family trip, where the parents got a single room with a king-sized bed, and my sister and I shared a room with two queen-sized beds. Despite the fact that the two rooms were the same price, there was a huge disparity in the quality. The single room was much, much nicer, from the view to the coffeemaker to the furniture. The double room was not much nicer than what I would expect from a Holiday Inn.  I agree with the previous reviewer that the placement of the mirror was bizarre to the point of distraction. It was on the wall right next to one of the beds. Personally, I tend to make good use of hotel mirrors when getting ready in the morning, and it's usually near a desk or something. This particular mirror was completely useless and only served to try and make the room look bigger. I noted that the mirror was in a more logical spot in the single room. I think my main problem with my room was that they had the kind of toilets you have in public restrooms, with the metal handle that comes up rather than a toilet tank with a flush handle on the side. It just felt cheap, and it was leaky, so we had to grab it with a towel to avoid getting sprayed with toilet water every time we flushed. It just wasn't what I expected from the Intercontinental. Also, I found it really annoying that you have to scan your room card just to open the minibar. We wanted to keep our bottled water in there, but we were afraid of getting charged, so we just drank it at room temperature. On the plus side, all the staff were really nice. As mentioned above, the pool is fantastic. I went once in the evening and again in the morning, and I had to share a lane both times, but it wasn't overly crowded. It would have been useful to know beforehand that the pool is free for guests, but the gym costs $12.  Overall, I'm happy with the hotel considering that it was only $106 a night on Hotwire, but I don't know that I'd go out of my way to pay full price for it.
