DO NOT STAY HERE! Last weekend we traveled to Chicago for celebrating a bachelorette's party. We booked this hotel via Priceline's name your own price. Upon our arrival, we were notified that we were only able to stay in two rooms with a single queen size bed in each room. Okay, we have EIGHT girls in our group. We were unable to change the room------In an extremely rude and awful manner, the front desk receptionist insisted that it was the rule because we booked via Priceline and they were all sold out that night. Okay. We asked for adding an extra bed. They said they did not have any rolled bed option. Fine. No apology at all and the receptionist spoke with us with a poker face and as if we owe her 100000000 bucks. That night , we then asked for some extra blankets and pillows for making our own "bed" on the floor. Yes, three of us had to sleep on the hard floor. The other three of us had to squeeze on the queen size bed in an uncomfortable way. The front desk gave us a couple (6) thin blankets and then said "we were out of blankets". The service man delivering the blankets was in an absolutely bad manner too. In the end we were offered another two thin bed sheets.......... It was chilled last weekend in Chicago. What's more, the bathtub clotted in one of our rooms and the water drained super slow................ The technician responded and came for help very quickly (and very courteous). But he said it was probably due to a lid of the shampoo bottle......so he was not able to get it fixed. The second day, we were in hope of having some other guests from larger room checked out so that we would be able to switch room. We called the front desk at 7:00 AM in the morning (cuz they told us to do so..............) and the receptionist said we should be able to get "TWO" larger rooms and he told us to call back before we headed out (so that they could get ready). We called the receptionist around 10:30ish AM and he told us to pack our luggage and drag our luggage to the lobby for moving to our "TWO" new rooms. When we arrived at the lobby, the receptionist said "you were only able to get one larger room" . OKAY, we eight gals all packed and dragged our luggage to the lobby and now you told us we got only one room changed???? The receptionist (a different one from the first day) was once again very rude and very impatient from the very first beginning. He even said "DID YOU GET IT?" This is totally unacceptable. Finally they gave us a new larger room (with two queen size beds) and a new smaller room with one queen size bed.  We did not change hotel because we all traveled for a long time and very tired and did not want to pay 80ish bucks still to Priceline if we cancelled the reservation. The rooms were very small. If you travel alone, I think it totally works. However, never stay here in groups. The beds were with very hard and sharp borders. With the very limited space, you bump into those sharp borders easily when moving in the room. Three of us got bruises because of this. The AC system was pretty loud in the room and the outlet was in a strange orientation. The second night the heat air blew directly on my face all night long. Are you sure this is a 4-star hotel given the poor quality of service and all of the above?  The bellmen were courteous though and we were greeted nicely (only by the bellmen). IMHO, this hotel has serious management problems.
