Stayed here for five nights - didn't have a car (thank goodness). I think it was the time frame we were there but the hotel seemed to have a lot of families. Nothing wrong with that, just take it as a comment. I'm more used to staying in hotels that were more business people or couples. When you add in a bunch of children it changes the dynamics a bit. Breakfast -- Crowded but seemed to work itself out. You either went early or went last minute. If you wanted the "made to order" then you would need to be there early (tips are accepted). The cook was amazing. Also amazing were the people who cleaned up after the hordes. These folks kept tables cleaned and new people got tables. The food was broken into three areas. Made to order, hot dishes (eggs, bacon, pancakes) and then continental breakfast. Kudos to Oscar -- always had a smile and kept tables moving... Rooms - Ours had a comfy bed and the rest of the furniture was a hodge-podge. The televisions had a limited number of channels and the only pay per view worth watching was "The Kings Speech", but why spend time in the room. There was a fridge and a small microwave. You will have to borrow some plates/silverware for your food. Dominicks is across the street so you can get food from there if you really need it. Evening food/drinks -- yep, it's there. Nothing to go nuts over (no pun intended). Small drinks (beer, wine) and some mixed drinks. You save a little with not going to a bar but it depends what you like. Munchies were of the nuts, salsa/chips variety. Noise -- even with the noise of the families your room isn't that bad. Yes you can hear them next door but if they aren't the party type then all is good. Put the TV up a little. Elevators -- very fast Internet - go across the street to Dominicks or down the street to Panera Bread and use theirs. Also there is a business center on the ballroom floor that you can hook at cat5 cable into and not use the wireless but it is a small room. Workers there were very very nice -- even with the rude tourists. I never saw them lose control. Even the mother who dumped orange juice all over the place and proceeded to yell at everyone. They cleaned it up and kept things moving. I like the people there. Would I go back, sure, if the price was good.
