We stayed at The Palmer House for a wedding last month and overall we had a good experience here. We booked the room on Expedia; this was a first for me. Of course, you never know what you're going to get (at least that was the lesson learned). We arrived at the hotel at about 3:30 pm just about check in time. After being completely amazed by the grandiosity of the hotel lobby and the friendliness of the door men, we were met with the line from hell. Seriously? Are there this many people checking in right now? Actually, their computers were down, so check ins were being done...I actually have no idea how they were doing them, but it took a while. As we stand in line, hotel staff are walking around handing out glasses of sparkling wine. Okay, I can live with this.....two glasses later, we are checking in. When the man at the front desk sees my reservation, he mysteriously disappears to the back for what seemed to be 20 minutes. Upon his return he says he upgraded our room to a queen bed.....from a twin??? WTF! Why would you have a twin bed in a hotel? At least that's what both my boyfriend and I heard, but we were too stunned to ask more questions. We were also given a cute little gift bag that we later realized was not from the hotel, but from the wedding party  So our grand upgrade was a small room with not much of a view and a tiny, but beautiful bathroom. Since we were not planning on spending much time in the hotel, this was perfect. We needed a place to sleep and get dressed. We were walking everywhere, so we didn't need the gym and we were not driving, so valet and parking wasn't a concern. The hotel is conveniently located within walking distance to Millennium and Grant Park, the Art Institute of Chicago, Navy Pier, Wendella Boat Tours, and a ton of shopping and food options. The wedding events were less than two miles away, so it was a pleasant walk when we wanted to or a short and inexpensive cab ride when we didn't want to walk.  We had the brunch buffet at the hotel restaurant, Lockwood, one morning. The food was good, but it was way overpriced. Although, I'm a sucker for lox and bagel fixings every time, so I was happy. Overall we had a great experience. The convenience of everything close by, made our stay here worthwhile.
