I stayed for a 3-day conference at the hotel. I have stayed in other downtown hotels in NYC, SF, and London - the urban hotel is not a foreign experience. Summary: * Bed. Felt like a thin mattress sitting on a wooden board, and angled with feet higher than head; * Noise. Room was very poorly insulated from noise. On the last night, we heard our neighbors arrive after midnight, argue - though only speaking loudly and not screaming - for several hours. We could make out phrases and words fairly clearly Additionally, the previous neighbor, we could hear clear words when spoke on the phone; * Housekeeping cleaning neighbors at 7.30 am. Given poor noise insulation, this woke me up on Sunday morning. Not appropriate to be cleaning rooms at 7.30 am, unless some kind of emergency; * Storage shortage. No dresser, only few drawers in nightstand. Heard fellow conference goers complain of the same experience in their rooms, respectively. Bathroom had a tiny, glass shelf above the toilet and about 4-6" of flat space next to the sink basin. Towel bar - only one in the entire bathroom, and two, small, rob hooks; * Parking. $52/day! Really? Yes, I've paid that amount in Manhattan. But, it seems steep for Chicago. Even on Wacker; * Taxi cab shortage. On a rainy, Friday night, the cab line took about 30 min. It was reportedly this way for much of the afternoon / evening. Really? If this is the City's largest hotel (as they told us when we checked in), and it positions itself as a premium property, shouldn't it make sense that they'd have relationships with taxi companies to try and get better supply on occasions such as that? If it's rainy, and a Friday night, there will be city-wide shortage - so, what's the contingency plan for your hotel patrons?; * Gym. Finding the gym was a work out. In the basement and down a fairly long hall, and past grandma's house did I go. Not central to the room areas; and * Lighting in large meeting space. Much of the conference was in a large meeting room in the West Tower. The lighting in there was not so great, and difficult to see the people speaking from the raised platform/stage. Needs better spotlighting. I will say that all of the staff that I met were very nice, and willing to help.
