This visit was a follow-up to another trip in May 2012. I had some minor issues and hotel management contacted me and invited me to come back. I booked my room via the SPG website. I received an email from the concierge a week or so before my arrival, which was a nice change from last time. I didn't specifically tell them I was coming because I wanted to experience the hotel without thinking that they were treating me special because I complained once. Well, this time they gave me a lot more to complain about (and the issues were much more substantial than last time). It started when I had to wait 2 hours for my room despite requesting an earlier check-in. I totally understand that it's really them doing me a favor based on availability and clearly they were full this weekend. While I was waiting I had my luggage stored and then asked the concierge for help booking the Acura Experience. By the time my room was ready the Acura Experience was already full. I found out there was still some availability at the time I reached out to the concierge (and for about an hour afterward). Clearly she neglected to reach out on my behalf and I missed out. My room was finally ready and I gave the luggage guy my ticket to have it brought to my room. But for the fact that I was standing in line waiting to follow-up with the concierge, he would have given my suitcase to another guest. I saw him bring it to them and I purposely waited to intervene to see how he handled himself. When I finally said it was my bag the guest apologized, even though it wasn't his fault and he had nothing to do with the error. The luggage guy didn't say anything and I brought my bag upstairs myself. I really wanted to settle in quickly so I could get my trip started and start coordinating meeting friends. The employees continually reminded me that check-ins aren't guaranteed until 3:00 PM. I realize that, but it was disappointing especially since they knew about my request at least a week prior to my arrival. There were many other issues that came up and I'll save those specific details for management to address before adding them to a review. This hotel is no longer my first choice when coming to Chicago.
