Something always seems to go wrong when I visit Chicago, last time our car got towed at 2am (course our luggage, maps & most $ was in the car ) so we had to wander the streets of Chicago aimlessly... This time the issue was the hotel: Plus 1 star: location Plus 1 star: gorgeous lobby, historical hotel Minus 1 star- for PAPER THIN WALLS Minus 1 star- for being woken by maid each morning Minus 1 star for not only not allowing my boyfriend in the room when his card stopped working & not being helpful to him in any way. I have travelled throughout the US, Europe & Asia and I don't remember any hotel, motel, or any other lodging where the maids come before checkout or at least 11am. This might not have been that problemmatic but the paperthin walls did not help. FRI:  9:23am Maid service next door (to those that flew in late & are on CA time that felt like 7:23am about 5 hours BEFORE I had planned to wake).  We're not talking about faintly hearing the vaccuum, we're talking hearing her push all the hangers in the closet together ... that's how thin the walls were. I crawled out of bed & put a "do not disturb" sign up. A few minutes later our door starts shaking and this weird noise like someone's rubbing against the door Apparently they polish them every morning -- I'd have to say she didn't read the sign about NOT DISTURBING US. Later that night got to listen to our neighbors have sex. SAT: Maid service comes through at 8:30am! (which, to someone on PST felt like 6:30am wakeup, esp. after being at a wedding reception until midnight the night before!). SUN.  3:14am woken by screaming fight next door (apparently some jerk ditched his GF).  7:00am woken up by someone in the room on the other side decided it was a good time to SING. 8:30-9:30am Maid knocking on neighbouring doors woke us up later that morning (we'd finally learned to put the do not disturb (or polish our door!) sign up at night). Went out to visit a friend about an hour outside of Chicago. Get a call from my BF. His card won't work on the room. He went to the front desk & since his name wasn't on the reservation they wouldn't give him a new card (Fair enough, appreciate their not giving one to just anyone). What really pissed me off was they refused to consider any reasonable alternative to prove his claim or assist him. I mean he did have a hotel card, he knew the name of the person in the room, he knew the room #, he could describe the room & our luggage, offered to give them the credit card # the room was charged too - he wasn't just coming in randomly & fishing for info. They told him having me call & verify him would NOT be enough to let him in. He then asked them to look at the key and see if they could see why it didn't work. Theyclaimed the key was fine and if it was valid it should work (accusing him of not only having found a key but mysteriously knowing the room # & name associated with the card)?. They also refused to send someone up with him so he could prove the card didn't work and that his belongings were really in the room. So he called me upset that he wasn't allowed in our room, he was exhausted from a long day and I was not expected back for at least 4 hours and was at least an hour away. I called and demanded to speak to someone who would attempt to assist him and got someone to add his name to the reservation and they let him in - but it definitely soured our afternoon. Other things that I would not have bothering mentioning except that I was so sleep deprived & cranky about the above instances : The front of the building is under construction (which is a shame, would've liked to see it). It would have been nice if they told me this on the phone when I called for the address, they gave me the street that had no entrance, instead of the street that had a working entrance). And I suppose it was my fault for asking for closest subway line when coming from the airport (not knowing there were separate train/non-train lines), so instead of giving us the stop 15 feet in front of the front door that was exactly on our line from the airport - I was told to get out at a stop about 5 blocks away... still, deductive reasoning should have told her that confused tourist from out of town coming from Midway on the Orange line, probably wants the closest Orange line stop, not to spend more time transferring to some other line for a further stop & then toting luggage to the hotel.
