So I just got married. Here. This weekend. Yup. I don't even want to tell you about it. I want to be selfish and keep all the memories to myself and think that no one else could POSSIBLY have as an amazing time as we did at The James. GAH--okay. I will tell you. Because I want all you brides-to-be out there to think outside the box. To let you know that you don't have to get married at some hoity-toity, over-the-top, been-there, done-that hotel downtown where they are going to offer you nothing but the same-old same-old. The James offered a wedding venue that was utterly and completely refreshing. First of all, the Great Room is a fantastically versatile space. We held our ceremony AND reception in it, and were able to manipulate the space to make it look completely and totally different for both events within the same evening. How? you may ask. Wellll....there are a couple things. First, they have skylights and pinspot lighting in the room--we opened the skylights for a more natural ceremony, but used the pinspots for a more elegant, warm reception. And this is big: the main wall of the room is covered by a large (now a dark, burnt orange) velvet curtain, and underneath lies a huge etched mural of the Chicago skyline and lakefront. Using the curtain for our ceremony allowed for a more solemn moment (as weddings are SERIOUS, ya'll) but the mural changed the feeling of the room completely for the reception, reminding you of the fun, modern space you were in. And the colors in the room are mostly neutral, allowing any gal set on magenta and chartreuse to not have her heart broken. Second--THE STAFF. Sinisa, the event coordinator for The James, is possibly the nicest man in the business I have ever met. He is so calm, so accommodating, and honestly, you feel like you've made a friend by the end of all the planning nonsense. The service staff were flawless, and the management were flexible and even friendly about it when we got behind schedule. Third--THE FOOD. C'mon people. Did you really think David Burke's Primehouse would do the catering?!? Um. Well. THEY DO. They will take your order (from the predetermined menu) at the table, and deliver the perfect steak/fish/veggie risotto to you JUST like you'd order in their amazing restaurant downstairs. COME ON. This is no joke. Other fantastical perks? The rooms, the concierge, The James Club for an afterparty (great space, too! We used the pool table for ping pong), and um. Well. Everything else you could possibly think of to be incredible when you're marrying the love of your life. I can't count how many people told us that our wedding was the absolute best they'd ever been to. I'd consider myself lucky, but...The James definitely had something to do with that.
