Ah, the Allegro. Filled with pros and cons. The location is pretty decent (although I do hate that pretty much everything in the Loop is closed on weekends. Come on, Lavazza, work with me here!!). The lobby decor is definitely more swank than wank. Apparently there's free wine in the evenings (which I missed, but turns out the glasses are teeny-tiny, so no big loss, I guess). But the rooms. Are SO. SO. TINY. Like, maybe even tinier than the wine glasses. Granted, we crammed four people into a room with two double beds--certainly fun times, but it was like a clown car. Four people, four suitcases, two beds in a tiny room and a minuscule bathroom (but with Aveda products, woot) makes for a very cramped weekend. Once I climbed over everyone and their stuff into bed, though, I very much enjoyed the fluffy pillows and cozy bed linens. We attended a wedding at the Allegro, so I can also comment on their event capacity. The Walnut Room is a nice space for a smaller ceremony, although very dim (maybe that was just this wedding? I dunno--none of my photos turned out), and the staff is quick to flip the room for dinner and dancing. Plenty of room for tables, a stage for the band and a dance floor. I'm assuming the hotel catered the meal, which was good (although I'd pass on the pasta course or be very clear with the kitchen that the pasta should be al dente). The servers were very inconspicuous and efficient, although maybe too efficient... I'm pretty sure someone swiped my champagne before I had a chance to drink it and I don't think I was being cut off... My last issue is with the baggage check folks. My husband was given a framed poster as a groomsmen gift which we couldn't haul on the plane home with us. We arranged to have a city-dwelling friend pick up the poster from the baggage check and we'd pick it up the next time we drove up to Chicago. The folks at the Allegro were fine with this arrangement, which was a relief. After Laura B.'s third attempt to retrieve this framed poster from countless clueless baggage check people, Justin had to call the Manager to make sure they still had the item. They did and it was finally handed over to our friend, but not after numerous wasted trips on her part. Boo to the baggage people; five stars for Laura for being a great friend and babysitting the poster for us. :)
