Oy, this was a hard one to rate. The abridged version is that this is a 4 star review for solo travelers and exhibitionists. 2 stars if you want to keep a little bit of mystery alive in your marriage. First the good... Beautiful hotel for a good price in a super convenient location. If I were travelling solo, I would definitely go back. The staff was very pleasant. The chocolate covered fortune cookies with turn down service were a nice touch. Service at the restaurant was a little slow - but courteous and the food was good. The fitness center equipment was more than adequate. Others have noted the small locker rooms for the spa, but I had a decent massage and enjoyed my time there. If I were staying by myself, this would have been a 4 star review. I'm still docking one star because I could hear traffic noise on the 18th floor and the elevators were a bit annoying, but generally - great hotel. Which brings us to the not so good... For travelers with companions, this should really be a 2 star review. Because despite all of the nice amenities, for the love of God, what is up with the pooper? The bathroom shower has a clear glass wall looking out into the room which then looks out onto the lovely views of Chicago. There is a curtain outside the bathroom to block the view out - or more critically, the view in - if you want a bit of privacy. I can almost give them the clear shower stall. I can see the appeal of catching your partner washing their hair (I was travelling with my cousin, so the magic was really lost on me - but I see what they were going for). But just past the clear shower, is the clear divider to the toilet. And there ain't nothing sexy about that. To add insult to injury, the sliding barn door that doubles as a closet door doesn't close all of the way or stay put. And even if you close the curtain for privacy, in the middle of the night, the entire bedroom will be aglow when you flip on the bathroom light. So your traveling companion can wake up when you flip on the light in the bathroom, and then lay in bed and listen to you pee because the frackin' door won't close? Who the heck thought that one up?
