I was a guest at Dana for two months while searching for a new home in the city. This places me in the unique position of seeing the entire ebb and tide of customers and the manner in which the team at Dana served them. The Quickie Review: AMAZING. Absolute Fabulocity. Danalicious. Book 'Em Dana. Wow. The Detailed Review: I'd like to start off by disclosing that I travel way too much for work. Like up to 100 nights a year in hotels much kinda much. I have stayed in hotels that are much more expensive than Dana and ones much less expensive. So at the high-end of this spectrum we are talking Bellagio suite and at the low end Embassy Suites. (each a fine player in their market) Of ANY hotel I have ever visited, Dana is simply the best experience ever. Hands down. I have to admit that I read the less than favorable reviews first because I knew pretty much what the huge number of the 4+ Star crowd reviews would say already. Of the few negative reviews, I tossed out about 50% for the guest just being whiny or unrealistic. For example, one reviewer was a classic example of an all around 'all about me' classic bitch about her stroller issue. NEWSFLASH Princess: You are in River North...basically down freakin town Chicago. This ain't West Goatscrew, Nebraska. It's a stylish neighborhood in a densely populated urban area with a demographic that is largely single, trendy, well-dressed and still a size six. No matter the demographics, any idiot knows that this - and many other neighborhoods close to downtown - are totally stroller inappropriate. In fact, it was quite rude of you not only to bring one but to expect special treatment for using one. It ain't all about you. There. Wha??? Somebody had to say it. You know you wanted to. Yes, the elavators are slow on busy days and nights. A bit of a design flaw. But if it takes me an additional 5 minutes of my day to get to heaven then I'm still in heaven. Yea me. As for the elevator to the elevator design...oh good LAWD (have mercy) we're talking ONE FLOOR in a sparsely used glass box of bliss. Really honey..it adds like 2 minutes tops to your journey towards Valhalla. You can also use this brilliant invention called 'the staircase' which is even stylishly staggered just for your personal comfort. This adds about 15 seconds tops to your journey. Woo. You carried the thing for 9 months and now reject it for 2 minutes work? Way to go Mommy Dearest. The smart money is on Dana. For the prices, the professionalism of the staff, the thoughtful amenities provided and the kickass location. Perfection. Honestly, you don't see this type of total package at this price level. Add 200 more per night and it's common. It's expected. At Dana, it's just another reason to fall in love with the subtle and not so subtle ways they work to make your visit special. There is a door to the bathroom; you ARE NOT exposed in the shower. If standing in front of the opening into the bathroom, Look just to either side for some highly polished wood. Now touch the wood and SLIDE It either right or left to maintain bathroom privacy and reveal your closet and safe. The showers are to die for. Oh if mine could talk. (zip it!) Thankfully what happened at Dana stays with the doorman. (TIP them people...they deserve it and are your best source of info in the city. And darn nice people too.) Staff is brilliant. Never had an issue. I've watched them when slow and when slammed. In every situation, I witnessed polished professionalism and grace. Sure, there may be some moments that some visitors have where something went wrong. Every hotel has that reality. Dana just handles it better; I can almost guarantee that based on seeing them in action day to day. Rooms rock. Beds are like sleeping on a dreamy cloud made of porn. Wonderful. The day I moved to my new house I actually shed a tear in leaving Dana. I've even gone back for a weekend just to see my muse. 6 Months later she still remembered my name. Class act guys. I miss ya.
