At first glance, the Palmer exudes luxury. It has a gorgeous lobby (as is depicted in the photos on the website and the reviews here), and an art deco charm when you first walk in. It is clearly a hub of events from weddings to meetings with the corporate meeting rooms and the 1000+ rooms to accommodate everyone. However, in the realm of hotels I have experienced as a pleasure and business traveler, I have to admit Palmer House gets an "eh" when it comes to the room. My room was a double (to be shared with my sister and mom) while we were attending my cousin's wedding this past weekend. The room itself was spacious and had 2 full (but super super small with no ventilation) bathrooms which were awesome and a blessing in disguise when you have 3 women getting ready in the mornings. But that's pretty much it. The TV was super old school, and sits on one of those old hutches that are awkward to get around and was about 24 inches max. No coffee maker or mini fridge, thereby forcing you to go to their restaurant for coffee or waters (although there is an in house Starbucks on the lowest level which is only open until about 8 I think). The restaurant and bar also close super early so we were forced to look elsewhere at 12 am on a Saturday night for late night food and drinks. It is not a hotel I would return to to relax in tranquility as I could hear my neighbors above and next door talk loudly at ALL hours. I give it 1 star for the area in which is sits--super close to State street which has shopping which came in handy on a sweltering 90 degree day, as well as being close to Millennium Park and some good food. A couple of train lines and taxis abound. 3 stars for the AMAZING security team who helped my mom get around by bringing the wheelchair in a timely fashion multiple times a day when requested. Seriously, I don't know how I would have done it without them! Its a big hotel and really hard to get around if you are disabled and need help. Minus 1 star for the quality of the room overall and the lack of some amenities I would expect from a metropolitan hotel. I think if you are looking for a place to crash in while enjoying everything the city of Chicago has to offer, the Palmer will suffice. But if you are looking for something more relaxing and luxurious I would say you may have better luck somewhere else with more modern and updated amenities.
