Oh man. I'm pretty torn on this one. So...beautiful hotel, accommodating staff. Luxurious in an understated, traditional sort of way. (Sometimes trendy is *too* trendy...see also: W Hotel Chicago!) And I can dig quiet luxury. Attention to detail.  Seriously, super nice staff. (Bonus points for the day manager being from MKE and knowing my Riverwest neighborhood!) Here's the but. You knew it was coming. BUT... Two strikes and you're down from your four stars to three. Well, two and-a-half strikes, actually. I really want to give the Intercontinental 4 stars...but I can't. Here's why. Strike 1: First night, I return from dinner in the hopes of relaxation and a nice nightcap at "Eno" (the hotel's wine/chocolate/cheese spot). After extensively perusing the insanely awesome wine list and getting my heart set on a particular glass, the girl behind the bar informs me that they'll be closing. In 10 minutes. So..."I can buy a bottle to take to my room...but...yeahhhh." (Don't want/need a bottle, so no Eno for me. No.) Seriously? You're a hotel bar in downtown Chicago and you're closed by 9:30? Hrm. Strike 2: This morning, I wake up in the hopes of hitting the Fitness Center for an early (for me!) morning jog. Exit elevator on the level labeled FC (fitness center). Woman behind counter: "Just looking around?" Me: "Yeah. I was just gonna get a quick work-out in." Her: "Well, you're aware you have to pay, right? 16 bucks per day, or 20 to cover your usage for your entire stay. Still want to work out?" Me (confused, internal dialogue running wild, finally indignant): "I guess I'll just wait...?" What? I don't get it. I just don't. Strike 2 and-a-half: I get back from a long day out and I'm seriously crashing from massive amounts of caffeine and all I want is to take my shoes off, and my room key doesn't work. (Sigh.) Truck downstairs, wait in line for the one front desk worker to be able to assist me. Key re-activated, all is well, but still. It was sort of the straw that broke this reviewer's back. Don't get me wrong. This place is pretty dang swanky. It's nice. The people are nice. But a few too many strikes and this lady's not so apt to give that extra star. Just sayin'.
