I am sad to give this hotel only 2 stars because I was looking forward to staying here. It was a complete disappointment. We stayed for the 2010 Chicago Marathon. If running the marathon, do not make the Fairmont your first choice, regardless of how close it is to the starting/finish line & runner reunite stations. So many things went wrong with our visit and I would be reluctant to book with them again for the 2011 marathon. When we checked in, we were given a smoking room despite requesting a non-smoking room. The room reeked of smoke...as if someone just had a cigarette in the room right before we entered. I was with my husband and children (3-years and a 15-months), and it was completely unacceptable to have them breathing this polluted air. And I would be running 26.2 miles...it was beyond upsetting that I'd be breathing this air the night before the big run. The one bed also seemed a bit 'off' like it was hastily made. We called the front desk to explain the situation and were told the hotel was fully booked and the best they could do was have maintenance clean the room again. They could not commit to a time though, told us to go out for a few hours, and hopefully it would be in better shape when we got back. Staff was not terribly rude, but they were certainly less than helpful or sympathetic to our issues. We proceeded to look for other accommodations rather than stay here. While we were looking for hotels, my kids knocked over the wastebasket. Lo and behold, they found a box of cigarettes, a bottle of beer, and a used condom (not in its wrapper) and the torn condom wrapper. Thankfully the condom was stuck to the bottom of the wastebasket, so my kids didn't touch it. We immediately called the Front Desk, let them know what we discovered, and within 5 minutes, they called us back and moved us to a nicer, non-smoking room. Obviously, the room was not cleaned before we arrived (or at least cleaned properly), and I assume someone may have even been in there moments before we arrived which could explain the strong cigarette smell that we encountered and mussed up bed. Again, I'm extremely disappointed to have to write a terrible review, because the Fairmont is in a wonderful location and seems to be as classy as the other reviewers note. We often use the Fairmont in my company as well, and I've heard good things about them. But obviously our experience does not say much for their cleanliness. I do give it two stars because I appreciate the staff getting us into another room quickly, though, I wish we didn't have to come across a used room and condom to get there. Oh, and in-room dining was good, including the big bowl of pasta I had to prepare me for the marathon.
