The mark of a great business establishment, especially a place like a hotel, can be found in the staff's ability not just to deliver great service, but also in the display of their problem-solving skills when it comes to customer service. Based on the outcome of the following story, I would choose the Hyatt as my place to stay every time I come into Chicago from now on. I was working as a volunteer at an event on the Navy Pier, sponsored by the NPO I work for. Naturally, as a "volunteer employee", my hotel and travel accommodations were supposed to be taken care of once I followed the proper procedures for filling out paperwork and obtaining confirmation numbers. The flight was fine, the trip from O'Hare (mostly) uneventful. But imagine my shock and surprise, when my partner and I arrived at the hotel and we were informed that THE ROOMS WEREN'T PAID FOR. NOW was the time that the event coordinator chose to tell me that we were expected to pay for the rooms in advance OURSELVES, to be reimbursed at a later date. "Mortified" doesn't even begin to describe how I felt, especially since I didn't have a credit card that would cover the entire expense of the stay. At that moment, I was pretty much ready to haul it out of there and find the nearest Motel 6, Econolodge or Days Inn. But it was thanks to the quick and diplomatic thinking of Jennifer, the front desk rep, that the situation was made easier. She advised me and the event coordinator about what to do (obviously, this was not the first time she'd had to deal with a problem like this.) Plus, in the meantime, she made sure we still got a room at least for the night, (with a SPECTACULAR 27th floor view of "The Loop".) I won't bore you with the other details, but the situation was eventually resolved and we all lived (and slept and dined) happily ever after. Not only is the atrium of the Hyatt dazzling to behold (with probably the world's most interesting designer fountains), but the quality of the customer service didn't stop with Jennifer. I think everyone there did an outstanding job, but personally, I think Jennifer deserves a raise. And the Hyatt deserves my future business, which they will most definitely have the next time we return to Chicago.
