A lot of W hotels seem to be old Sheratons remodeled into a W hotel skin. This W definitely felt like that - especially when you went upstairs with the low ceiling hallways and tiny rooms. The overall decor, furnishings, and look of the hotel was probably a 3 - it wasn't the most creative W hotel lobby I've seen or rooms I've been in.  My Wonderful room was tinyyyy - if I sat at the desk to do work, I couldn't scoot my chair out all the way without hitting the bed - Anyone larger than me probably would have had trouble getting into the seat to begin with and I'm a 5 foot 2 small asian girl. The bathroom was also very tiny with a very tiny sink. It was pretty much impossible to wash my face in the sink without splashing water all over the tiny counter. That being said, for the week that I spent here I definitely started feeling at home and none of the above mattered to me. The W hotel bed is HEAVENLY. The room was well appointed and everything was placed in an space efficient way and I had enough room to function comfortably. Flat screen TV and cable available. Pretty fast wireless internet (it came free with my room - not sure if it applies to everyone), and I had a radio in my room so I was jammin out to music most of the time I was in the room. I was having an awesome time in my room. What put the icing on the cake for this hotel was that the service was AMAZING. Like possibly one of the best staff I've ever encountered at a hotel in my life. And not the white glove butler type service you get at the Four Seasons where they HAVE to be at your beck and call, but everyone I encountered was sooo genuinely friendly - from the security guard who let me back into my room when I locked myself out of my room with no shoes on at 2 am, the concierge and the front desk, the cleaning ladies actually remembered my name, what room I was in, gave me extra bliss products. I called down once for a toothbrush and they came instantaneously fast. The guy who brought me room service was also extremely extremely cheerful and nice. Every interaction with a staff here literally wowed me and left me with a smile on my face.  Now for some objective notes: Location is awesome.... if you're in Chicago for work. It's in the heart of the financial district and within walking distance of most large companies as well as near two L train stops. That being said.... everything in Chicago's financial district (food-wise) shuts down at like 8 pm.. no joke and the streets in general were pretty deserted. So.. because I work insane hours, room service was my best friend. Room service... argh.. despite their service being so amazing.. as can be expected from a hotel, it takes like 30 to 45 mins for them to bring you food - Comes on time though if you order breakfast.
