Having won my Chicago HQ off of Priceline for $67 a night, I was a bit disappointed when it was unveiled. For hotels, I'm more of a contemporary modern type of guy and the photos for this place were definitely "historical Old World" luxury. But, the old gal can surprise a jaded Pink Mafia member like me.  I had woken up at 345 AM to make a 7 AM flight (Why the heck did I do this on my vacation?) and then used public transit to get into the city. I walked the remaining 5 blocks dragging my suitcase through the streets of Chicago for all to see. Sort of a paleta man but with underwear, t-shirts, and shoes instead. Entering the building from a side entrance, the place is monstrously big (taking up a whole city block) with dark carpet and wood everywhere, shops, various public rooms, meeting rooms, and staircases galore. Finally, I hunted down the front desk which was equally big. But, Sara was warm, cordial, and professional - with her tone, she was able to scale down the hotel so that all that mattered was our chat. There are 14 elevators to take you to your room: 4 of them are reserved for the HHonors members' floors while I, as a member of the riff-raff, had to 'fight' for one of the other 10 elevators. In my 2.5 days there, I never had to share one with anyone so those of you wanting to hear about "Elevator Fight Club" will be disappointed. Requested a wired internet room (only 30% of their rooms are capable of this - but all are WiFi enabled). You get choices of broadband internet: premium, advanced, basic, and hourly. Rates per day: $19.99, $17.99, $14.99, and $2.50 respectively. Yes, no free internet. Yes, it is nuts. Forewarned is forearmed. My double/double room had 2 full bathrooms at either end of the room. Why? I don't know. Reading up on the hotel, it turns out that only 300 of the 1,544 rooms have this double bathroom thing going on. So, for you bathroom-philes, here's your personal Nirvana. Request and enjoy. Just for kicks, I took turns using each bathroom. Hey, I was on vacation. The bedding and linens are upgraded with Sealy Serenity beds, high-numbered thread counts, and a good assortment of new pillows. The bath fixtures are gold-colored so popular decades ago but functional. My standard huge armoire had an old-school TV in it. No in-room safe, though. I declined the mini-bar key so if there were bundles of cash or jewelry from the Titanic in there I can't tell you. It was stuffy when I opened the door so, being a resident of the South, I knew that the first order of business was to turn on the air conditioning to the maximum setting. When I returned from lunch two hours later, it was still unpleasant. I called the customer care hotline: Ann promptly answered within 2 rings, apologized when I explained the situation, and promised to dispatch maintenance immediately. He was at my door within 5 minutes and fixed the issue within 10 minutes. Ann called back to follow up within 5 minutes departure of the maintenance guy. I thanked her for the prompt service and follow up. This was a memorable part of the great service - they really do care, even if you low-balled them on Priceline. Fronting South Michigan Avenue and Grant Park, there are plenty of buses and cabs available if you want to get to other parts of the city. The "El" (elevated train) is a few blocks away. The well-designed Millennium Park, the stupendous Art Institute, and the amazing Cloud Gate sculpture (commonly called "the Bean") are also an easy 15-minute walk away. Overall, the Hilton Chicago is a good value for $67 per night for even a non-traditional guy like me.
