I'd like to make a confession. I don't really like W hotels all that much, but I REALLY don't like this one. Whatever. Whenever... though personally, I'd like to put a little more emphasis on 'Whatever'. I don't like walking into what looks like a club with blasting music and $16 martinis in the morning. I don't like feeling like you have to be sexy at 8am, 2pm and 4:00am in the morning after you've been rained on all day/night and the concierge at W hotel has the nerve to recommend the Hangge-Uppe as a decent after hours bar... for that cruel joke I should actually give 1-star but I'll be kind regardless of what my ovulation cycle is telling me. I will say that I do enjoy the quirky rooms at most W locations, though I feel like this W is lacking the quirky and leaning more towards stuffy. I don't like being ignored by the bartender or being carded by the same one twice in less than hour after not moving seats. Never has there ever been a more invisible neon orange-haired person than at the W Lakeshore's bar. I know most people probably come here from out of town, but my experience was for a weekend-long and God-forsaken bachelorette party so I was more than non-plussed when I found out that parking here over the weekend would cost me close to $200... a price that I simply can't afford, and would refuse to pay for parking anywhere regardless. I ended up hitching a ride with the bride and husband-to-be so that worked out, but then we'll get into the nitty-gritty of paying what the room rate for this hotel is vs what you get. On a typical rainy, chilly and windy as f*ck Chicago day, I wouldn't consider the W Lakeshore to have much of a view. Looking out the windows to the stormy, grey Chicago days outside was like taking a photo of depression and charging people $400 a night to look at it. No thanks. Waiting for a cab at their cab stand was brutal. We basically had to add 15-20 minutes onto any of our travel times to accommodate the long lines here, and the car service they had was never available at any point from Thursday-Sunday, sooo don't count on trying to save any scratch or be able to take advantage of any of of the perks. The front desk told me that the best way to be able to get a reservation in with them was to come down a half hour before the concierge opens and wait in line to try and get a booking. Uhm, I don't know about you, but getting up and going down to the club atmosphere lobby at 7:30am and waiting in line for 30 minutes to ask for a ride. F*ck that noise. Oh and for the price of the room on weekend, I was expecting a bowling alley in there or something, not just 2 beds, very little room and a bathroom with ZERO privacy that actually has a window you can open to see people on the toilet. Kinky... but not totally my thing. I just don't dig it and I don't know that I ever will.
