I'm going to keep this brief, yeah right. The good: they allowed us to check-in early without waiting (we got in around 11am). The doorman was awesome. Basically, this place was pretty cool as long as you didn't go inside. The bad: THE SPA. Let me go ahead and go into detail about their spa... upon check in, the fiance and I perused their spa menu, and after deciding on a couples massage (with two separate techniques) I gave the spa a call. It was a Friday, so when the receptionist told me their were no 80 minute couple slots left, it wasn't a surprise. Besides, they rave about their spa so it was sort of expected. Naturally, I asked about 80 minute slots for the next day and the employee told me they had an opening, so I took it. Fast forward to the appointment... the floor in the ladies locker-room was slippery so I fell walking out. And slipped walking back in (needless to say I couldn't walk the next day... now I wish I would have filed a complaint). Our appt was for something like 1pm, so we got their early to fill out paperwork and when 1pm rolled around we were taken to the small "relaxation room." 1:10 rolls around and two girls get us for our massages. Mind you, no one up until this point has asked us what style of massage we were receiving... we got what they wanted to give. The massage was good, a little disappointing considering I had asked for the "dana's aromasoul massages" and what I got instead felt like a sports rub. Well then 40 minutes came up and the girls said their goodbyes. I knew it was too fast for 80 minutes so we asked the front desk and they told us it was a 50 minute massage. Sure, a 50 minute massage and that is why we are sitting in the lobby, DRESSED, talking to you about it and it isn't even 2PM! I was fit to be tied (and massaged a little longer too) but we went to our room and I called the spa back. Finally a manager got on the line, told me they weren't ANY 80 minute slots available when I made my appt the day before and then offered to refund 15%. I told him, first off: apologize. When I call to book an 80 minute couples massage and there are only 50 min slots available: TELL ME. Don't be a retard and book me... that is BS. Second of all: don't insult me with a refund of 15%. Fool. I paid for services rendered. If you are going to go the lame-refund route, refund 100%. In the end, they left a bag of trial skin products on my door knob with $28 with a note saying: 15% refund. FAIL. Now onto the rest of the bad: the staff working in the restaurant "area" are completely and utterly confused. We asked where the hostess stand was.. the reply "um, just stand right here." Another time we asked the sushi bar if they were serving (at the sushi bar), they said yes. We sit down and 3 minutes later they tell us the sushi bar is closed but we can order sushi from downstairs. So, we sit at a table (this is on that same Saturday before the awesome spa debacle) downstairs and ask for the sushi menu. "No, we don't serve sushi, only brunch." Okay, well homeboy 10 steps up said you did. So Mr. Server goes upstairs and comes back no later then 10 minutes and says they can do it. Ordered an iced tea and the guy told me the bartender had to make it. HA! This place is unreal! That Saturday night there were people screaming until 7am and you could hear them on the 8th floor. No joke. I slept with a pillow over my head which brings me to the next part... We stayed in the "Tranquil suite" and it was no where near tranquil considering the maids closet was adjacent to it. SO fail. We brought it to the attention of the employee at the front desk upon checking out and all he said was "oh yeah, I've heard that before." Seriously? Oh yeah, their iron ruined a recently purchased shirt... lol, I really don't know how I didn't go apeshit on these people. There were random hoodlums in the elevators waiting for someone with a card to get in. As a girl, this made me feel miles away from safe. Especially when it is later in the evening and I happen to be by myself. We reserved via the website and the site decided it wanted to upgrade our room (after the online checkout) to a MUCH more expensive suite (almost 1k more), so we had issues getting things right a month before we made it to Chicago. This place is so awesome. /sarcasm
