Beware of the continual over-charging!!!! . First, the lobby, while impressive in a late 80's prom way, is far too confusing. This proved to be a problem in the morning as I apparently entered the breakfast area 'backwards' and was therefore not handed a menu warning me that a cup of coffee, a croissant and a banana would set me back 15 freaking dollars. I asked the man behind the omelet-y bar thing 'which is the free continental breakfast' as was noted on my itinerary from priceline (thank god i didn't pay full price for this place!!!) and he pointed to a middle island. The tub was a little gross and moldy. The toilet didn't flush properly (which I didn't discover until about 9:30 at night (after I spent the day walking throughout the city and was so tired) And....at the risk of sounding impetulant and dumb....the TV they have....how do I say this...sucks. If it's not an NBC Universal company station, Disney or ESPN, they don't have it. Which I found to be ridiculous. It happened to be the night of the season premiere of a show I was looking forward to watching snuggled down in bed and watch...but they didn't have the channel. And it wasn't some arcane channel....it was MTV (yeah, I know....I'm ashamed, but I was on vacation and the Hills is a guilty pleasure, OK?) So...no hills....no hot soak because the tub was so incredibly gross. toilet didn't flush.... Also, with what you pay per night, would free Internet be too much to ask? Or perhaps something less than the 14 or so it was for 24 hours? I can't believe that a huge hotel would consistently nickel and dime you like that. As for the positives: I will say the bed was great- nothing beats a down comforter and the feather pillows were nice. as was the lavender citrus lotion/shampoo. But this hotel..I'm incredulous that someone would pay full price for. No one greets you as you enter....no one asked how my stay was (save for the fellow who hailed me a taxi and was the only person who treated me as a paying customer) I will never come back to this hotel ever. I'm better off paying slightly more for an antiquated 1960's motel.
