I think this would be a three star review had I paid a little less money for my hotel room... but even through Hotwire, this sucker was pretty expensive. It's downtown Chicago, though, so I've come to expect it by now and usually don't mind. It's in a really great location if you want to be on Michigan Avenue... great people watching, good place to walk around, and shopping madness everywhere you look. There's also a restaurant and lounge with a nice bar that I wish I could've checked out! The staff was pretty friendly when I checked in and I headed to my room on the 11th floor. Let's just say I was shocked when I walked in... it was so small! Smaller than my bedroom in my apartment. Like... if I put the ironing board out, I couldn't really get anywhere. The bed was nice and the TV on the wall was big, and the bathroom was modern and impressive as well. This is pretty random but while I was in the shower (with glass doors), I could see through the window all down Michigan. Kinda cool! I noticed a spider web on the wall which was easy to spot in the clean, shiny bathroom, but I forgot about it... until later that night when I saw a spider crawling on it. SO gross... try getting a good night's sleep after that if you're someone who's as afraid of spiders as I am! Couple other things I wasn't a fan of: -No room service menu in my room even though there was supposed to be... had to look online. -Internet is $9.95 a day which didn't shock me (I've seen much worse in hotels) but it made me log in and accept the charge every time I opened my computer. -My breakfast (eggs, sausage, toast, fruit, coffee) was $52. I almost fainted when I saw that on my bill. -To valet your car overnight it's $50. FIFTY DOLLARS. Seriously? No matter how great the city is, I'm always going to think that's ridiculous. My car was with valet for eight hours overnight, and again, it was $50. -No cell phone reception in my room... text messages wouldn't even go through. -If anyone from the hotel is reading this, there's a drop of blood on the bathroom curtains in room 1108. I understand these hotels are designed for people with a lot of cash, but does that really make it right to charge so much for everything? I probably won't stay here again even though there were a few positives... I just feel like there are a lot better options at a similar price! And unless those eggs came from a famous chicken, there's just no excuse.
