I stayed in this hotel last night, and felt compelled to write a review. I was at the hotel on business for one night. Upon arriving I was struck by the nostalgic feel. I said to myself "this place must have some great history", and went to the Internet. First thing that came up was that it was haunted. Great. I'm not into that kind of stuff and have no desire to experience it, so quickly became less enthused with the prospect of staying there. It was already 10:30 PM though so I didn't have a lot of choice. First, the hotel itself: I was greeted warmly by the check-in staff, and enjoyed chatting with her. I was put on the 10th floor of the south tower. I had no problems with the elevators whatsoever. The corridors looked vintage; it was like a flashback in time. Kinda cool. Ditto for when I entered the room. It had a classic look to it: crown molding that had been over painted through the years, older wallpaper but which had the hotel's logo, a pedestal sink in the bath. Certainly nothing fancy but at the same time everything you need. Ample work space, a flat screen tv mounted on the wall, and the bed was a little hard but nothing bad. My view of the lake was spectacular. The only problem I had was the noise from the street. It was a Monday night but there seemed to be a lot of vehicle activity. Busses, trucks, loud motorcycles, cars with their radio jamming, the L-train. I heard it all until around 2:00AM or so, which surprised me a bit since I was on the 10th floor. So did I see any paranormal activity? Nothing I saw, but two times just as I was drifting off to sleep I hear the faucet in the bathroom start for 5 seconds or so and then turn off. The first time I layer there frozen. I started to drift off again and about an hour later I heard it again. This time sprang out of bed, ran to the bathroom and turned off the light. I saw nothing. I took a towel and dried out the sink; if it happened again and I went in there and it was wet, then I would know for sure something was up. It didn't happen again. So I will let you make up your own mind as to what it was, but I am 99% sure that it wasn't the toilet running or coming from another room. In short, it freaked me out a bit. In summary, I thought it was a nice hotel that just felt kinda dead. There just weren't a lot of people there and the place felt empty. Of course it was a Monday night. Anyway, I won't stay there again, but solely because of the whole haunted thing. I'm just not into that. If that doesn't bother you then I would go for it. It's a nice slice of history situated in a great location.
