I stayed here with some friends for 4 nights (Fri-Tues) and had an amazing time. Sure, there were some glitches here and there, but nothing too bad that would make me not want to come back. Before we left, we tried to call to confirm our reservations but the phone rang continuously with no answer. Found that weird. We had 2 rooms. I stayed in a "standard" room with 2 other girls. We had two full size beds. The rooms were pretty small, but I expected it from all the reviews I read, so it wasn't a big deal for us. Our other 2 friends stayed in a "petite" room with one bed and that room was TINY! On our second night, we encountered a rather disturbing issue with our room. We left a window open to "air out" while we were out touring the city. When we came back, we noticed that there were tiny bugs flying on the ceiling. The service guy came to spray the room and suggested we switch rooms due to the smell of bug spray and dead bugs that fell on our sheets and carpet. I called management but the hotel was all sold out. He offered to re-clean our room, change the sheets, etc while we were out for the night and he would comp the room for the night and switch us to a suite the next day. Since that was our only option, and since it was our fault for leaving the window open after a storm, we accepted. What bothered me was when the housekeeping manager called the room, she was so rude and told me that her department was leaving for the night and would not be able to clean our room if we were not out in the next few minutes. I told her that when housekeeping came to our room, I asked if it was ok if we called when we left in about 30 minutes and housekeeping kindly said that it was not a problem. The housekeeping manager rudely said, "that's not true." How is SHE going to tell ME about what was said in a conversation between me and another housekeeper??!! RUDE. All she had to do was tell me that her department closes in 45 minutes and we need to be out so they can clean the room. Period. We would've been happy to leave to accomodate them. My friends and I gathered our stuff to our other friend's tiny room to finish getting ready so that housekeeping could clean our room. The next day we were upgraded to a really beautiful suite. All in all, the hotel was clean and in a great location. The elevators were somewhat slow but not a big deal. I think the longest we waited was 5 minutes. Majority of the staff was friendly and helpful. Checking in (late) and checking out were quick and easy. Complimentary coffee in the lounge area was delicious. Price was reasonable; we got a great deal online and my other friend got great tips on how to get a cheaper deal when she called to reserve a room for herself and her boyfriend. Come with expectations that this is an older hotel so rooms are generally small.
