I forgot to review the hotel we stayed at recently (October 2007) during our trip to Chicago for a conference. I remembered to review our horrible dining experience at one of the restaurants here (see http://www.yelp.com/biz/) -- but neglected to review our stay in one of the rooms. We stayed for a few nights - check in was fine. The lady was training someone, but everything was fast and efficient. The only negative was that we reserved a king size bed, but the only room left with one was one equipped for wheelchairs. She asked if that would be OK, and in my haste, I said sure. I shouldn't have. The room was horrible. The negatives piled up. First of all, the shower. That was the worst aspect of the room. The showerhead was "removable", attached to a bar where it could slide up and down - to adjust height I suppose. The problem here is that it would slide down on it's own... so if I wanted to clean my lower half and not my upper half it would have been great. Or if I was three feet tall. So I was constantly readjusting the shower. Not to mention the shower never felt that clean (paint peeling and water damage... and a few bugs). Oh, and it was like a tub with no sides. Secondly, there was no counter in the bathroom - so there was nowhere to put any of your stuff. At all. I actually took a luggage rack, placed towels over the straps, and put my bathroom bag on it. Ridiculous.  Another annoying factor was the door - it was configured so when you opened it, it stayed open... for way too long. It would have been fine if there was an optional button to operate the door (for a wheelchair), but it was sort of power operated so no matter what it stayed open for at least 10 or 15 seconds after you enter. So the entire floor can essentially see in your room for that long. So you kind of stand there awkwardly and wait for the door to close before proceeding. The positive for the room was the bed. It was wonderful. One of the only hotel room beds where I wake up not aching. OK, perhaps the only one I can remember where I didn't wake up aching. So that's a big plus. I guess the location was too, but it was awfully far away from the convention center. Lobby was meh and the food options not great (especially if you want to eat healthy), room service or anything like renting a movie was grossly expensive (even for a hotel). Probably wouldn't stay there again, but hey - bed was nice and the corporation paid - can't beat that.
