Since it was New Year's Eve, I will need to start out this review by saying that I didn't really pay attention to specific details of my experience at the hotel. I do know a few things though. Enter the Palmer House Hilton: location is decent. If I were a guest staying downtown and wanted to experience the city, I probably wouldn't choose this location unless you want to be closer to Millenium Park. Walking into the hotel, it's gorgeous. It's massive size reminds me of hotels in Vegas that go on for miles. In fact, I believe that the lobby with all of the bars, etc. also reminds me of a Vegas hotel (without the casino of course). I wanted to get there early to have a cocktail prior to leaving for my party, but ended up falling behind. Never EVER wait until after 5 to check into the hotel on NYE. The line was nuts. Lucky guests waited in line while others in their party got them drinks from the bar. I knew I should have brought another person with me. Oh well. On the website, I was notified if you are staying on the Executive Level, there is a quick credit card check-in option to avoid long lines. This was not the case when I got there and the lady at the front desk never heard of that. Interesting. Perhaps something for them to look into during crowded periods? Though, for my long wait, the front desk lady gave me late check out at 2pm for free. I chose executive level because 1) it sounded cool 2) I figured it would be quieter with more business people (or just less children). Little did I know it also comes with breakfast and appetizers from 5-7 on a special floor. Fun stuff. The room was NICE. It was large and came with a couch, tv, desk, nice bed, and decent bathroom. The bed was comfy. Or it felt that way after my NYE partying. And it's not squeaky and has plenty of pillows. I just hope they wash their sheets. Vending machines. All I wanted in the morning was a bottled water, but did not have enough 1s. So I thought since it was $2.50, I could buy two and use a $5. Well, I found out it only takes 1s. Not cool. I don't like to use the glasses in the rooms due to shows about how they are never washed. I was forced to use one. :( I didn't end up using my late checkout since I got about 3 hours of sleep (it was New Years!) . I checked out on my phone to avoid lines and grabbed some "breakfast" in the lounge upstairs right before it closed. It was pretty much picked through, but I got a sesame bagel and chive and onion cream cheese. Definitely needed something in my stomach. All in all, I really enjoyed staying on the Executive Level. I did feel cool. We had separate elevators where you have to insert your key to get in. And the elevator was right by the front desk. I'm not sure where the other elevators were located, but that was pretty convenient. The hotel definitely served its purpose and I would stay here again if I'm in the area.
