This review is a bit overdue. I stayed for a conference at McCormick Place in December. I got a really good deal through TravelZoo. I followed the advice of another Yelper and checked in using my Yelp app and was upgraded to a suite (you can also use Foursquare to receive the same upgrade).  First of all, the location is great. The temperature was in the teens and I was able to take the L from Midway and didn't have to walk more than a few yards to get to the front door of the hotel. And the subway station to O'Hare for the trip home was only a couple blocks. Having to go to McCormick Place which was south of the hotel and want to visit the theater district and Magnificent Mile, the location was very convenient. So, if you're without a car, this is a nice place to stay. The hotel and room is a bit dated, but as many have said, it is clean and the rooms are relatively large. I was traveling alone, but if I was with others, the roomy bathroom would definitely be a plus. My suite had large windows in the bedroom, so since it was cold, there was a bit of a battle between the heater and the coldness coming off the windows, but it was not a major issue. As far as the train goes, you do hear it. However, it's not noticeable if you are accustomed to city noises. If you need silence, this isn't the place. But that's not to say that it's noisy, either. As a matter of fact, besides the noise you might expect from outside, it almost seemed as if there were only a few people staying at the hotel. The free internet was nice, but I did have some problems with it. The signal was intermittent, so at times my screen would freeze when loading or refreshing. It would definitely be nice if wireless was available throughout the hotel. USA Today is available on weekdays, but don't expect it on your doorstep. I like a leisurely morning where I can relax and read the paper in the morning, so I was just a tad disappointed when the first morning I found out I had to pick up the paper at the front desk. A couple times, I had problems with my key card and had to get it reset. Again, a minor convenience. Considering the location and what the hotel offers, I would say that overall staying at The Silversmith is a great value. If you don't need the features of the bigger hotels offer and don't insist on modern decor, this may be one of the best hotels in the area in terms of value.
