Like a number of other Yelpers, I stayed at Hotel Felix because I received a really good deal on Priceline. I would definitely not have a problem staying here again if I got another good deal (I ended up paying $60 a night pre-tax), but probably would not stay here if I had to pay full price. The first night a friend of mine stayed in the room with me, and although many yelpers have complained about the size of the rooms, I didn't think it was overly-small, even with two of us. The too-small bathroom, however, was a big problem for me, and it's the bathroom alone that took this from a 4-star to a 3-star review. I do get the eco-friendly thing and I understand that the sink is really shallow to save water, but, it was just a pain to use. Beyond that, my sink ended up clogging the night before I checked out, so it then became nearly impossible to use. Also, I didn't like that there was no real sink counter space. Beyond that, we did visit the hotel restaurant, Elate, and it was just ok--nothing to rave or rant about. The Good: - Hotel staff was very friendly and helpful, particularly the doormen, and check-in/check-out was seamless. - Although, as is typical with hotels in the area, valet is expensive ($45 p/night), there is a parking lot across the street that is a bit cheaper ($35) and a parking garage that is even cheaper ($23). - Hotel is in a good location; in walking distance of many restaurants, clubs, etc. and a short cab ride away from a lot of other high-profile downtown locals). - Free wi-fi. - The best assortment of tv channels I've ever seen in a hotel; and the tv was a well-placed flat-screen. - Way-comfortable beds. The Bad: - Supposedly there were no double-bed rooms available when I arrived, and the bed, while comfortable, was a little small for two people who aren't interested in getting "romantic". - While it wasn't a huge issue, we could hear noise outside of our rooms, e.g., the ice-machine and elevator. - Too-small bathroom with an impossible sink that ended up getting badly clogged. - There was only one mirror in the entire room, and it was in the bathroom (which makes it difficult for two women to get ready to go out on the town). - The nonexistent view. The window of my room looked out onto a brick wall. - We found ants crawling across the bedding twice.
