Stayed here for a business trip, and I'm so glad I didn't have to pay the bill myself! I expected so much more from a Hilton hotel, but this is what I got: - Used "refreshments" left in my room upon arrival. One vitamin water had been opened and was half-full, the other beverage actually had dust on the cap. Gross! I'm not sure how this combination is acceptable at a Hilton hotel. When I pointed it out, I was told I had to pay for any refreshments consumed during my stay. Um, the vitamin water was already opened and half gone when I walked in ... - Outrageous daily charge for use of the "gym" at the hotel. I wouldn't really call it a gym, though. They give you the option of paying $25 per day to use the "gym" or you can walk around the "indoor track" free of charge. Knowing my boss was already being billed for someone else's vitamin water, I chose to walk around the track. It's not a track! You can't see it until you actually get past the gatekeepers who make it sound like such a luxury, but then you walk in and realize the "gym" is just a small collection of workout equipment and there's a make-shift "track" surrounding it. And no running on the track! Walking only, please. Whatever. After walking around the so-called fitness facility twice in a matter of 3 minutes (it's a really short "track"), I decided to leave and just go running outside by the lake instead for a real workout where nobody was watching me from behind a desk to make sure I didn't hop off the walking path and pick up a dumbbell without paying the $25 fee. - Upon returning from my attempted gym adventure, my room key no longer worked. The gentleman at the front desk informed me that it's probably because I had kept it in my pocket while running outside. Um, where else am I supposed to keep it? It took about 10 minutes for him to send someone else up to the room to open the door, and when that person arrived they demanded to see my ID. Dude, my ID is in the room that's locked -- the room the key no longer opens. I'd never stay here if I had to pay for it myself. After the experience here, I always double-check and call hotels to ask about their fitness facilities and daily gym charges. Lesson learned, thank you for that!
