Have stayed at many an Embassy Suites in my time from coast to coast, this one was disappointing. Now mind you, did get to stay free due to Hilton points, but meh is meh and would've been pissed off if I were paying!  The hotel is based on the older models of Embassy Suites, ie. the prison cell block model where all the rooms are squared around the central atrium look.  On the positive side: Two blocks from Navy Pier and two blocks from Miracle Mile. Walking distance to a few other things too. Grocery store across the street was cool for getting stuff to put in room and a Walgreens a block away. On the negative side: It was crawling with little kiddies of which one we heard crying at night through our room walls (very thin walls I think), the room had no safe or makeup mirror, it had a sink in the bedroom which I thought was rather odd, it took a hella long time for them to bring our bags up after we checked in, they say it takes 20mins to get your car out of valet and for you to call well in advance, OMG you could hear the drunks at the atrium bar at night even with our tv on (the sound just echoed up 10 floors), front desk only had 1-2 people working it at any given time and the concierge was not very helpful or friendly when she was there - which wasn't often, this was the first ES we've been to where they had signs up in the elevators telling you what times breakfast would be more crowded than others, and let me tell you about that!!! Made to order breakfast often had a long line unless you hit it just right and all I saw people get were omelette's and bacon, sausage, and potatoes. Breakfast was THE SAME everyday! Two buffet lines with eggs that looked and tasted like powdered eggs, bacon and sausage links, pancakes, and yogurt. Also watery oatmeal, 3 dried cereals, lots of donuts, and toast and English muffins. One buffet line had food that was always not warm and you only got orange or apple juice as your choices. The managers reception in evening was alright. Cell phone reception was zip in our room and valet parking with in and out privileges was 49$ but self park without in and out was 42$.
