Our stay at the Amalfi was fabulous in nearly every possible way!  -The location is terrific-River North but very close to the loop. There are several close L stops. Use Clark/Lake if you're arriving via CTA from the airport. It's almost as close as State/Lake but Clark has escalators and is a larger, easier to navigate station when you're dragging luggage. The walk to the hotel is pleasant and short. -We spent little time in the lobby but did like the deskside check in. It's a lot more personal and relaxing than the typical "wait in line to stand at the counter for 10 minutes" check-in. -Our room was great! We had an extremely comfortable king bed. The bed linens were soft and cozy. There were plenty of pillows and the padded headboard was comfortable to prop against for reading or tv watching. The bathroom was large and clean. The Aveda toiletries were really nice. The bathroom had a large counter, lots of floor area, and a lighted make up mirror. The tub was a standard tub but had a double shower head and a curved shower curtain rod to help with that "closed in" feeling. My only complaint about the bathroom was that the towels were a bit on the rough/scratchy side rather than fluffy and soft. -We were on the 4th floor overlooking Harry Carray's restaurant. There was some noise bleeding in from outside but it was street and traffic noise, not bar goers or pedestrians. IMO, it was similar to the noise level in any downtown hotel when you're only a few floors above street level. We had a view of the Trump and the Marina Towers. Not like having a spectaular skyline view but it certainly wasn't a bad view. -We loved the complimentary breakfast. The breakfast was a couple of steps up from a typical continental breakfast. There were a variety of pastries, bagels, doughnuts, cereal, yogurt, and fresh whole fruit. Milk, apple juice, and orange juice were available as well as tea and coffee. The coffee was really quite good and it was great to be able to get refills so easily. -We also really enjoyed the free drinks and appetizers each evening at the cocktail reception. They have a nice selection of premium liquor, two white wines, two reds, two beers, and two pre-mixed specialty cocktails. It's a small bar so they don't have every possible option but the selection is adequate. And c'mon-it's FREE. The food is good if largely unchanging. Each night there was a selection of Italian cold meats, breads, cheese, and other antipasto standards-olives, artichoke hearts, peppers, etc. One night they had Caprese salad and it was delicious. The lounge is rather small. If the hotel is crowded, I doubt everyone would have a seat. We were there at an uncrowded time and one night it was still very hard to find a seat. -The business center was well-appointed with several computers (both Macs and Dells) and a quality, fast printer. It made printing our boarding passes easier than just about anywhere I've ever stayed. -The staff was friendly, helpful, and attentive. When we had spotty wireless reception (which is included, by the way), they were very responsive and sent an "engineer" up right away to investigate the issue. -Our only real complaint was with the televisions in the rooms. We had cold, wet weather and spent our evenings mostly relaxing in our room. The (smallish) flat screen tvs were a disappointment. There were no HD channels, multiple pay or "hotel" channels, and the reception was spotty. Also, the remote was awful and it was excruciatingly slow changing channels or even turning up the volume! There was a dvd player with a (small, quite limited) selection of dvds to "check out" in the lobby-nice touch but it wouldn't hurt to update and enlarge the library. Overall we had a wonderful, relaxing stay at the Amalfi and will recommend it to friends and family. I hope we'll be able to return sometime soon!
