This is review of the N. State Street Embassy Suites in the heart of beautiful Chicago. It is based on my stay here from July 28 to August 3, 2012. The review is broken into categories. Location!Location! Location!: 4 stars   The location is in the heart of downtown Chicago on busy N. Street halfway between U.S. Cellular (Comisky) Park and Wrigley Field. It is convenient to public transit. The El runs underground along State Street. It is near to Chicago icons including the Magnificent Mile, The Chicago River, The Loop, and the Navy Pier. The nearby dining choices are commendable. They include Weber Grill (I rated it 4 stars), Rock Bottom Steak House (I rated it 3 stars), Pizanos Chicago Pizza (I rated it 4 stars), Pizzaria Uno, and a dictionary worth of others. Suites: Its a suite not a room-3&1/2 stars  Embassy Suites rents 2 room suites. They are spacious, yet not perfect. The Maids did a remarkable job maintaining the cleaniness of the room. The beds were comfortable. There are two beds in the master bedroom and a couch that converts to a bed in the secondary bedroom. The refrigerator allowed me to load up on healthy snacks from the nearby Trader Joe's. Just like the two other Embassy Suites, I stayed in, bathroom ventilators were nonexistent. Being a suite, a closet is more justified than a cabinet. East-facing rooms have a natural alarm clock. Owing to the fact that the drapes fail to close all the way, I found myself rising with the sun. The suites shut out the noise from the adjacent room at the same time there is noise exposed from the adjacent suite into the secondary room. Amenities: This ain't Motel 6- 4 stars  Staying in Embassy Suites satisfies my vacation philosophy of coffee by day and alcohol by night. The Manager's Reception has got to be the greatest amenity happening in the hotel industry. From 5:30 to 7:30, the base floor of the atrium turns into an open bar. Drinks are unlimited, with the exception that you can only pick up one drink at a time due to state law. After 2 hours at the Manager's Reception, my stress was momentarily history. In the morning Embassy Suites provides a freshly made breakfast buffet. And it is good. However, it gets crowded. The hotel gets taken over by guests carrying around plates of breakfast. In my case, I use the other breakfast amenity, the Starbuck's downstairs, and the Starbuck's stores within a couple blocks radius of the hotel. For people wanting more than coffee and alcohol, there is a swimming pool and hot tub. The water temperature was satisfactory. They stay open to midnight. Nearby to the swimming pool is a gym.  In the atrium is a business center. I never failed to get a computer. The business center comes in handy on account of the fact that wifi is an extra charge and a high phone signal is sporadic. Conclusion: One more 4 star Embassy Suites.  Embassy Suites-a Hilton division- has yet to let me down. This is one more Embassy Suites that I recommend.
