I was impressed with the Chicago Marriott Downtown on several counts. * Perfect location * Amazing concierge service * Comfortable beds * Extensive health club equipment * Kick-ass lobby The location simply can't be beat. Halfway between Water Tower and the Loop on Michigan Avenue means that the hotel is suited for business travelers, shoppers and tourists. And since it's adjacent to Grand you're a few blocks away from the Red Line and along the free trolley route to Navy Pier.  Again, the location is simply unbeatable.  The concierge service was awesome. They went above and beyond with helpful tips for sightseeing, restaurant recommendations/reservations, and even brought up a phone charger to my room for my use. The beds and down comforters were quite the highlight. I overslept a few times, and like to think this was the reason. While the pool and hot tub were standard and ordinary, I was surprised to find how awesome the health club was. I expected to find three treadmills, two barbells and a situp contraption.  To my delight I found a cardio room of 20 machines, and a completely separate free weight area with about 40 machines, barbells and dumbbells -- in a hotel?? That's almost as good as any nearby gym. And, yes, the lobby is busy, well appointed and not too stuffy. Tons,of plush furniture flanked by a bar, Starbucks, and the busy din of travelers milling about. While there are better hotels in the area (Park Hyatt, Peninsula, Drake, etc.), we all can't afford that - so this is a good compromise. All in all, it was a postive experience in a recommended hotel. I would stay here again. My only complaints would be the general noise and loudness of the area, the hotel's lack of WiFi and the cramped hotel room bathrooms. Even being 43 stories up, the noise of the streets below still felt a bit loud at times. For a popular convention hotel such as this not to have free WiFi is kind of embarrassing. The bathrooms are TINY. I couldn't even open and shut the door without completely maneuvering around the sink and toilet. This bathroom rivals NYC for petiteness.
