I enjoyed a 2-night stay here over my birthday weekend. It is a nice hotel with extremely courteous employees and clean rooms. In addition to the great employees, the breakfast each morning was great - and this is coming from someone who isn't a big breakfast eater! Seriously, all these complaints about it being busy are RIDICULOUS. Obviously it's going to be a happening place with all the options you have - scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, omelettes, cereal, donuts, pastries, yogurt, fruit, soda, milk, juice, pancakes, waffles, hashbrowns... How could you not be happy?! I was there on a Saturday and Sunday morning which I assume would be busier than weekdays and both times had no problem finding tables. Now on to my cons... Parking. Parking is $49/day. That's probably normal for Chicago hotels, but still... that's murder, and a very pathetic way to spend $100. Exercise room. The room is TINY and has like 5 cardio machines (3 treadmills and 2 ellipticals or something like that. I really don't remember since I didn't get to use anything). For a hotel of this size, that's ludicrous. I ended up going for a jog outside in rainy, 50-degree weather which wasn't ideal, but whatever. Room issues. None of these "complaints" are a big deal, but I'll share them anyway. The sitting area/office room that you walk into is pretty big. It has a flat screen tv, desk, etc. (No free internet...) And then there's the bedroom - it's small, or at least seems small thanks to the huge bed. There was probably a foot of walking space on each side of the bed so it wasn't easy to do anything but sleep in there. I left my suitcase, got dressed, etc in the other room. Also, the tv in the bedroom is the old cube type...kind of strange to still see those, especially with a newer tv in the other room, and what was even stranger was the extra sink in the bedroom! So random. Also, taking the elevator to the lobby then the lobby elevator to the ground floor was interesting, but nothing to hold against the place. 5 stars - 3 stars for cons = 2 stars plus 1 star for an overall good experience and being a "good deal" (minus the parking) for a total of 3 stars.  It was fine, but I'm not sure I'll stay here again.
