My best friend was celebrating her 25th birthday downtown so we decided to get a room so that we wouldn't have to drive around. Just as other reviewers said, we booked with hotwire/priceline and were given this hotel. We had actually stayed here in the past for NYE and enjoyed it so we figured this would be a good experience, boy were we wrong! First of all, this place is huge, there are two different wings and it can become frustrating if you hop on the wrong elevator to get to your room (you'll end up on the opposite side of the hotel). The lobby is kind of corny but it's cute and I can guess its for tourists. The rooms are decent, nothing to run home about and definitely not 5 star material. We went to check in and were told that there was a 100 dollar authorization charge (never heard of 100, usually its 50...but whatever), we gladly paid and went to our room. We got to the room and everything was fine until I noticed we didnt have any cups/ glasses. So we called for them and they didnt come, we called back and they sent them up (30 minutes later). We went out that night, came back into the hotel and literally as SOON as we got off the hotel a male security guard began following behind us. I became alarmed because I did not see any Hyatt branding on his clothing but he was holding a walkie talkie....anyway he began to ask us if we were guests at the hotel and we told him yes. He then demanded to know what room we were staying in, I didnt tell him and continued to yell at us and follow us to our room. When he saw that we had keys, he walked away. I was highly upset and decided to place a call to the front desk to complain, the gentleman on the phone told me it was procedure for their guards to do that. I told him there was no way in hell that was procedure and demanded to talk to his boss. The boss got on the phone and immediately apologized, he said that was NOT procedure and that it should not have happened. He then offered us two breakfast and lunch vouchers and made the security guard come upstairs and apologize. overall this hotel is average...but their customer service sucks...I will NEVER stay here again...EVER!
