Alright, friends. I'm going to be as straightforward as possible. This place is a dump. It's just gross. I'm tempted to leave it at this, but I feel obligated to let you know why this place is an avoid-at-all-costs establishment. The premise of my stay at the Hilton was a work trip for BF about a week ago. His firm paid for his room, and I got to tag along (yay trip to Chi!). I usually stay at Embassy Suites (another Hilton chain, ironically), but since one cannot argue with a free hotel stay, one goes where one is told. As I mentioned, this was a business trip, and the convention was held in the hotel, so it was packed. We walked in and pushed through the barrage of company polo shirt clad attorneys, and wives that stepped right out of a Talbots catalog, to the reservation desk. I noticed a few people taking photos of their kids in the lobby, which is sort of a grand foyer kind of deal. I presume most people think that this is a gorgeous area; I'll just say it's not my taste. Were it 1984, and I was Janet Jackson on tour, I probably would have been a little more impressed.  We make our way to the reservation desk, which appears to be reminiscent of a Cedar Point queue line. After our long and strenuous quest, we make it to the desk, where we are asked for BF's credit card, for the purpose of "holding the room," and the card was not to be charged. Keep this tidbit in your mind, folks. Since the room was supposedly prepaid for, we were a little confused, but obliged, so as not to hold up the line any longer. (Insert "That 70s Show" transition with BF and I dancing in acid washed jeans and over-sized shirts) We return to check into our room. Whoa! Throwback. This place had obviously not been updated since the 80s. Not to mention the fact that I don't think the AC had been serviced since the 80s, since we walked into a brick wall of heat immediately after stepping off the elevator. Once we actually get into our room, I acknowledge the small amount of nostalgic charm, and since I had just rode back from Wrigleyville on the El, after many beers, I head to the bathroom. It's fair to mention I'm quite a germophobe. I spray everything with my TSA approved bottle of Lysol, and whip out Clorox wipes. This place was enough to make BF (the complete opposite of me) cringe. First off neither the drain in the sink, nor the tub, worked. The toilet was a push-lever model, straight from the industrial building store. Nothing appeared to be cleaned well, as I noticed water marks everywhere. The towels were dingy and some had dirty spots. Shudder. Like the drains, the AC didn't work either. I had called maintenance, who was supposed to send someone up "right away," however they were a no show. Perhaps they were attending the soiree that the housekeepers were having in the linen room down the hall. Everyone was having a grand time... laughing, being merry, being obnoxiously loud. It reminded me of the sort of party Gatsby could pull off.  Day 2, and our maid, who, I think may have both been deaf and not an English speaker (honestly, not trying to be mean here), came to clean. Except the fact that I was in the room. Sleeping. One would expect the housekeeper to leave a sleeping guest lie. Not so. She carried on with banging things around in the bathroom, and then discovered the drain. She apparently couldn't clean the bathroom with the malfunctioning drain, so she decided to tell us we needed to call maintenance right then. BF was trying to explain that we were napping and would call later, but she was insistent to the point that she came into the living area of our room, picked up the phone, and tried showing us what she wanted by dialing a bunch of numbers and then slamming the phone down. We politely tried to shoo her out, and she finally got the hint that we were trying to rest. Day 3, maintenance finally comes, and explains to me that the AC is not broken, but rather there is a secret trick to making it work! Alas, my troubles are solved! How stupid of me, I should have known that you have to press two buttons down, while turning the thermostat down, waiting for the screen to say something, and then releasing the buttons. Very user friendly. He also fixes the drain at this point, but makes a huge mess. I called to have them clean it up, but again, nobody came. Checking out was the highlight of the trip. Until we realized that BFs card was charged for the room. They proceeded to "fix" the problem by transferring the charges to his boss's card, until two days later, and a charge is showing as an overdraft. They had not fixed anything, and we find out that not only did they charge BF's personal card, they charged the firm card, and the partner's personal card. That's quite an amount, mind you. After many phone calls and excess time spent, everything was adjusted finally. Needless to say we will not be staying here again.
