I've found the perfect downtown hotel- finally (32/single/professional). I frequently travel to Chicago for weekend getaways and am thrilled that Priceline (Name your own price- $79/night) "matched" me with Hotel Felix. New. Clean. Modern. Great staff. I look forward to booking rooms at the Hotel Felix directly in the future. Several things really stood out with my experience. First, the self-park across the street was only $24/night. Most self-parks downtown nearer Michigan avenue are more like $35/night (there is also valet parking if you wanna pay for it). Also, Whole Foods is 2 blocks down the street, Walgreens across the street, dry cleaner down the street, old school barber down the street, 3 blocks from the nearest red line stop and about 4 blocks from Zara on Michigan Avenue. Another big winner for me was the the free WiFi through the hotel. No password. Easy. I stay at a lot of SPG properties and they are more than happy to charge you $20 a day or more for WiFi. This day of age, getting internet is almost as important as having electricity and running water in your room. Check-in was seamless. The H2O bath and body products were also a nice surprise. No bath- which other reviewers comment on- but it's not something I ever use. Esthetically the hotel is a cross between the W Hotel City Center and the Chicago Four Points by Sheraton. Despite having SPG "gold" status and being an AmEx SPG card holder, the W still throws me in their shoe box sized rooms where you can barely turn around. One poster said that this was a "poor man's W hotel," but I'm kinda over the snooty service at the W. Didn't try the restaurant/bar- but both looked cute/cozy. Only criticism would be that the bed was more of a "European Queen"- but not as obnoxiously small as the "queen" sized bed the Palmer house throws people into. Being a solo traveler this was totes fine. But if it was 2 'big boned' people they might have had some concerns. Also- the sink faucet was way to close to the basin to be useful. Clearly, the design team at Kohler was not consulted. Other more lackluster reviews on this hotel sited the lack of a minibar in the rooms. But I have to wonder if this is a criteria for "LEED" certification. The door men were helpful/upbeat. The developers/management team at Hotel Felix are truly to be commended. It takes a lot for me to be impressed in the service industry today. 5 stars not because it's a 5 star hotel- but because I had come to accept such lack luster experiences in Chicago's myriad of '4-star" chain hotels. Others question the merits of this being a "4 Star hotel." My response to that is that most downtown Chicago hotels meet the criteria for being a 4 star hotel (all the horrible convention hotels; Sheraton/Hyatt/Hilton) but also consistently well-reviewed hotels like the Sofitel. I would never book a '4 star' hotel and expect anything other than the minimum criteria to achieve that ranking.
