I have to agree with a few posters here: I can't imagine ever staying at another hotel in Chicago after my stay at to The James. Here, let me give you an example that sums up pretty well the kind of service you're going to get: after checking in at the front desk, my girlfriend and I made our way to the 9th floor (oh yeah, we got upgraded for taking a room on the "smoking floor," even though you would never have known someone smoked in our room). We passed our floor's housekeeping lady, who greeted us with a massive smile and a sweet hello. We get to our door, but our room keys don't seem to be taking in the card slot. I try one or two more times, and then the housekeeping lady (let's just call her Maggie, for no reason whatsoever) comes over to see what's up. We tell her our card isn't working and she replies, "Hold on, I'll get someone." She then proceeds to SPRINT DOWN THE HALLWAY to get help. Within 30 seconds, there are two James employees helping us, and we're in. After seeing Maggie sprint down that hallway, I knew this was going to be better than any hotel I'd ever stayed in... and it was, by miles. The rooms were so clean, I was shocked. It looked brand new, and far cleaner than my own home. I can almost guarantee you no one had ever smoked in there; I've stayed in smoking rooms before, and there's usually at least ONE burn, either in the carpet, the couch, the bed, the windowsill, on the bathtub. Nothing. Our bed was massive, comfy and spotless, with crisp white sheets and the most comfortable pillow top mattress I've ever slept on. The bathrooms? Spotless. Big, thick towels. Warm, breathable robes. Kiehls bath products (never thought I'd care, but this stuff is gooood) refilled whenever needed. Great water pressure for the shower, too. The lights? All dimmable, save for the lamp in your room's breakfast nook. Oh yeah, free wireless Internet. A fully stocked bar, including a mini fridge (we bought our own beverages across the street at Trader Joe's). What else? How about The Primehouse, attached in the lobby (it's also the main source for room service... try the steak omelet, delivered with a New York Times and a pot of incredible Primehouse coffee, right to your door in the morning!). Print out your boarding passes in the little office center in the lobby. Get some great tips from the concierge, or visit the James' site for their restaurant, shopping and other recommendations. I heard about Graham Elliot from their site and it wound up being one of the best meals of my life! Not one time during our entire stay did housekeeping accidentally walk in, or even knock to see if they could come in and clean. Nope, we'd just go out for a stroll or a quick brunch and by the time we returned, Maggie had already worked her magic. Oh, and if you leave for a few hours in the evening, expect to come home with your bed turned down, your robe laying out for you, with a couple of complimentary cookies from the Primehouse as a bedtime snack. The ginger snaps are especially yummy. James hotel, you've ruined me for my own home. Do you have a monthly rate?
