The James is easily a 5-star hotel, truly one of the best I've ever stayed in. The minute you step onto the sidewalk from your taxi The James is there for you, from opening doors, carrying your luggage, to checking you in, making sure you have all the necessities you need to ensure a comfortable stay. We were checked into room 604, which my mother wasn't too happy about since she was afraid we would be disturbed in our sleep from traffic below - but we had nothing to worry about, since we slept comfortably all 4 nights, without hearing a single peep from outside (or the hallways). The only noticeable sounds you might hear are from next door when they're taking a shower - and you only hear that if you're in the bathroom. I didn't have a problem with the tiny elevators, but they could be a little bit bigger and faster. Our room (I say "our" because we noticed some rooms were bigger/smaller than others when we took a peek during turn-down service) was big enough for 3, minimal, simple, and modern, just like the rest of the hotel. The bathroom was a bit small, but who cares? 'Cause the best part? The James is amazingly, fantastically, awesomely CLEAN. I've stayed in enough hotels to know that sometimes the maids get super lazy and don't give a shit about keeping the rooms clean. But the housekeeping and turn-down service (delicious cookies every night!) at The James is top-notch. Since The James is a boutique hotel, the employees (specifically the doormen) recognized us and often greeted us by our names - which was very impressive. There's a Trader Joe's across the street on one side, which is super convenient if you want to grab a quick snack, lunch, and/or dinner. There are plenty of other restaurants near by such as Grand Lux Cafe (across the street), if you want something a bit more formal. There's also a Marshall's, which came in super handy for us because by the third day, my mother wanted a pair of sneakers 'cause her feet were so tired from walking in heels. And when it rained? Marshall's was crowded 'cause everyone was trying to purchase an umbrella! The James is also just a short block away from the Mag Mile. Again, The James is truly and easily one of the best hotels I've ever come across and I would definitely stay here again, no doubt about that.
