The s/o and I made the Palmer House our home during our week long vacation in Chicago and although we only stayed for a week, it was difficult to leave behind...Chicago and the Palmer House! Location was key for the both of us as it would be our first domestic vacation where we relied solely on public transit. With that said, the PH was just around the corner from the Red line and one block away from the Blue line which can take you to O'Hare...saving you lots of money on cab fare! Stepping into the hotel was a little was odd as it was a cold, stale looking interior until we took the escalator up to the lobby where a ceiling mural of luxurious art greeted us; eat your heart out Venetian Hotel in Las Vegas. The lobby alone was rich in history and grandeur. Check in was quick and friendly. There was just one elevator bank with eight cars, unless you were staying in the Executive floor and you had your own exclusive elevators to use. Our room was located on the 8th floor, where the fitness center was located as well. The room was of decent size and the decor although fairly newer, was kept in style of the hotel. The bathroom was very small, but functional. It could've used some ventilation system as it would get quite steamy during a hot shower so, we had to always prop the door open. The room had a walk in closet and safe big enough to hold a laptop. However, our room did have a connecting door to each room on both sides of us. One night, we could hear deafening cries from an infant in the room next to us. I wanted to complain but I felt sorry for the parent who had to deal with it. Then on the Friday night, we could hear music radiating from the Ballroom (not sure how many floors below us) for a wedding or something. But all things considered, noise wise, I would consider ourselves majorly lucky as we were placed in a room facing other rooms (Imagine a "U" shape, we were on one side of the "U"), otherwise we would be hearing cars and the above ground train on Wabash. A couple other pros I should mention was the HSIA was complimentary, which is pretty rare for full service hotels, not to mention, the signal strength was excellent. The other pro was having a Starbucks on the ground floor. Overall, our stay was very pleasant and made our trip to Chicago totally enjoyable knowing we had a comfortable room and cozy bed in an amazing hotel! Chicago was an awesome city and when we come back, we're staying at the PH again!
