I'm using the W's $15 a day internet to tell you that, I have only been at the hotel for 30 minutes, and I already know I will not be returning to any W hotel or recommending this hotel to anyone who comes to Chicago to stay. When I came to the front desk to check in, I told the person at the front desk my name, gave him my drivers license and credit card. The guy tells me that he can't check me in because my husband made the reservation and "forgot" to list me on the reservation (in actuality my husband made the reservation on a third party site that didn't tell him he should list other people staying with him). I had my 4 month old son with me and he was getting fussy because he was hungry, I had all my luggage with computer and expensive stuff sitting out in the middle of the lobby, and my last name is the same as my husbands last name on my drivers license, and I am wearing an obvious wedding ring. And this jerk is telling me to go sit in the lobby until I can get ahold of my husband at work during a busy workday because it is "company policy". It made me feel just awful, like why did we bother paying extra money to stay at this fancy-pants hotel if they are going to treat me like I'm trying to break in because I didn't follow their stupid rule exactly right? I get that the W doesn't want people sneaking into their hotel and it's a safety concern... but come on. How often do people with babies, lots of luggage, and the same last name as someone who has a reservation fake their way into a hotel? And, what would have been so bad about checking me in, and asking me for my husbands number so he could confirm the reservation? You gotta give people the benefit of the doubt sometimes!  They upgraded us to a room with a king bed from 2 twin beds, but, really, I don't care if they had upgraded us to a suite with five rooms and a Jacuzzi, or if they have the nicest bar and restaurant in the city, the damage has been done. You gotta treat your guests right, and this guy did not. He ruined my stay and made me feel like crap, and I'm never coming back to this hotel again or recommending it to anybody to stay in (and I live in Chicago and recommend hotels to people a lot). In case a manager at the W reads this and wants to know who the front desk jerk was, the dude's name was Steve, he was a tall guy with glasses and brown hair.
