I hate to buck the trend here, but after spending a night in the Dana, I've got to say I'm not sure what the stars are about... First off, the good stuff -- yes, the staff is very hip and pretty friendly, at least at the door and while you're checking in... And the place has a very cool look to it (actually reminds me of my favorite sushi restaurant out in Batavia - Swordfish -- but I digress)... But when you look at things a little closer, it all kind of falls apart a bit. The waitstaff in the downstairs bar, the first floor restaurant, and even the rooftop all seem to be fighting both an urge to be nice when they meet you with a deep desire to run away. For example, at breakfast in the morning, one poor busboy was running around like a madman, cleaning tables, filling coffee cups, and seating people. All while a waiter struggled to figure out how to split a check. I watched one table get their breakfasts from 2 different food runner, then they waited for at least 3 more visits from runners to their table to finish bringing their toast, their fresh fruit - etc. All while the waiter continued to poke at the touch screen. Breakfast was good, by the way. We went to the rooftop bar, where at 5pm there was already cigarette butts on the floor around the outdoor firepit, and the carpet by the stairs was so sticky I had to laugh -- this is a place where you have to reserve a table for bottle service? Four drinks at 5pm at the rooftop bar = $80 The rooms are okay, but some details seem very weird, like the unfinished concrete ceilings. Really? And the huge glassed in shower with the curtain that almost covers the glass -- and the shower head that blows out so much water I realized why they had concrete ceilings and floors (whatever happened to water conservation?)... But by far the scariest part of the whole deal was when we realized that EVERYONE going up to that rooftop bar takes an elevator that could and often does stop on any floor in the hotel. So much for hotel security... Overall, I think maybe I'm not their demographic -- maybe if you're a spa kind of person, this place is very special. For me, not so much.
