I stayed with a group at Congress Hotel in early December, and we loved it. We booked 2 rooms, each with 2 double beds on the 6th floor. The room rate was excellent. With tax, it came to about $130 per room, per night. Parking was not included, but for $28 (split among a few of us) the Congress will park your car in a secure lot overnight with the option to pick it up late afternoon the next day. Considering the Congress is smack in the middle of the South Loop, I'd say this was a pretty huge convenience. We could get brunch the next morning without having to worry about feeding a meter or moving our car.The inside of the hotel is a bit "The Shining," but luckily a lot less creepy. It's very old. The hallways are long and off-white, but clean and warm. The rooms were very clean, with high ceilings and lots of outlets (small, old ones, but lots!). The bathroom was a decent size and yet again, very clean and well-stocked with towels and soaps.There was a nice-sized TV, a huge closet, a very large desk and multiple chairs. Our room overlooked the Auditorium Theater and a corner of Michigan Avenue. We stayed on a Friday night and the hotel was busy, lots of groups of twenty-somethings as guests. This was fine with us. Oddly enough, even though the hotel is old, the walls are not very thin, and we did not hear much noise from inside our rooms. We even took our time exploring each floor and the ballrooms, service stairways, and so on -- the hotel is full of awesome history. Make friends with the bellhop & security guard...you might get some scary stories outta those guys!The only thing that did *not* please me was the unfriendly desk associate upon check-in. She was helpful enough, and we got what we needed (checked in, room keys, a spare room key later, easy check-out via the TV in the room). However the Congress Hotel charges you the minute you book the room, not when you check-out, like most other hotels I've experienced. Generally a hotel will keep your credit card on file during your stay and charge you upon check-out, in case of incidentals.When we arrived to check-in, I was told I'd need to provide a card on which they could "hold" another $100 for incidentals (even though they had already charged my card as a purchase and still had my info on file). When I explained that all I had was a debit card, and that the $100 would cause me to overdraw, the front desk worker told me, "Any time you check into a hotel you have to give a security deposit. That's the way hotels work." So I told her, "Actually, every hotel I've ever checked into charges me upon check-out, and charges me later *IF* there are incidentals." Luckily a friend of mine presented a credit card and we were taken care of, but I don't appreciate being talked to like I've never used a hotel before.Aside from the 1 attitude problem, everyone at the Congress Hotel was very friendly and accommodating. The place is gorgeous. The bar is really cool. And the bellhop Carl was super fun to talk to about the history. I highly recommend the Congress for an inexpensive, clean, very convenient, historical & interesting stay.
