This place was a big disappointment. The experience really dulled my view of the W brand. - We were initially placed in a (tiny) room directly across from an elevator bank. We were kept awake until about 4:30am by guests in the hallway and, alternately, the elevators' chimes. The noise began, again, around 7-7:30am. - Without apology, the hotel said they would move us to another room the next day. We were told we could just leave our bags in the room and they would move everything by our return that afternoon. When we returned late in the day to get ready for a wedding, our things hadn't been moved and a new room hadn't been arranged. After re-explaining the situation, we were offered another room with a smaller bed. "How much less is it a night? We pre-paid for a king." "Same price," the receptionist said. "Why would someone opt for a smaller bed at the same price?" "Some people like smaller beds," she said. "Yeah, but we pre-paid and opted for a King size..." To which she said, and I'm not even kidding, "You'll be fine." At which point she handed us our key. We moved our luggage, ourselves, to the new room. - A bunch of the cable channels weren't working properly. But, more annoyingly, the in-room pay per view movies weren't working. We called the front desk and they said nothing could be done. We asked that we not be charged for the movie we couldn't watch - no problem, they said. Apparently, there was a *little* bit of a problem because I still got charged for it and then had to plead at check-out for the charge to be taken off. - On our final night's stay there was no running water (!). This was Labor Day weekend, a different weekend than what was mentioned by another commenter without water. So I guess it's a recurring issue at this hotel. Except we didn't get offered a bottle of water or anything. Sure, the hospitality business isn't easy - there are things that are beyond management's control. But when you sell yourself as being a luxury brand and charge accordingly, you can't have multiple problems for a guest's stay. And you *definitely* can't have even ONE of these issues without being extremely apologetic. We didn't get any of that. And it's not like we were making anything even resembling a big stink about anything at the time - though maybe we should have. You know what would have gone a long way? A complimentary *anything*. It's not hard and makes slighted guests feel better: Sorry you couldn't sleep last night, how about a cup of coffee? Sorry we can't accommodate the size bed you pre-paid for, can we give you a drink at our bar? Would you like us to move your luggage to your new room like we said we would? Sorry about the water not running, here's a bottle of water on the house so you don't have to use the $5 bottle of water from the mini bar. Nope, none of that. Just a "you'll be fine" from the front desk. Yeah, of course we'll be *fine* - but we're paying a bunch of cash to stay at a friggin' W Hotel, not a Best Western. After my stay, the manager-person sent me a form-email asking how wonderful my stay was. I decided to write back to see how/if they'd make amends. So I wrote an email listing the issues. The manager sent back another cookie-cutter email with an added line about trying to see if they could make the elevators quieter... and that she looked forward to me having a better time next time I came back to Chicago. Huh? Next time?? This experience has put me off staying at *any* W Hotel - least of all the the W Chicago - City Center.
