We have stayed at various Marriotts across the country, which is part of the reason we selected this hotel. The location was good, and with the supposed floor to ceiling windows that opened for a fabulous city view, we thought it would be a great spot.1. The windows are not floor to ceiling as advertised, and they only open about 3 inches. We really had no city view at all, since the inside of the windows were iced over for almost our entire stay. I live in the Midwest where it gets quite cold, but my windows never ice on the inside...2. As a result of this ice issue, the room was FREEZING. I am a person who sleeps in shorts and a tank top in the middle of Nebraska winters with the fan on. In this room, I was in pants, long sleeves, buried under the covers, and still freezing cold. All this while the heater was set on 77 degrees. 3. You'll realize how ridiculous 77 degrees is when you realize the room is tiny. I've stayed in Super 8s with bigger rooms. I must say, they take flattering photos for their advertisements! The room really was way too small. The restroom was tiny. Thank goodness I am a small person, because I don't know how anyone too much bigger could even get in the room enough to shut the door. 4. Our "city view" was none other than a view of a busy road and some crappy roofs. We could not see the skyline from our room. So how they can sell this view for an extra price is beyond me. 5. Not all of our TV channels worked. This created a problem since it was bowl week, and the channels that didn't work were channels showing games. The staff could not have cared less, and never offered any help other than suggesting we "go to the bar" to watch the games. Coincidence? 6. 24 hours of internet service is 15 bucks. We were charged for 2 days even though we only used one. To make matters more irritating, the Marriott homepage somehow became all 12 of my "favorites" on my Mac. Even when I got home and cleared my history, it continued to pop up. I don't know if they installed some kind of cookies or what, but they messed up my computer. It was a mess getting it set back the way it was.7. Leaving was a mess. We called the front desk and ask if they had a booking/reservation process for guests that needed to retrieve their vehicles from valet. They said no, and that it would only take 10 minutes. Yeah, right. We waited almost 45 minutes to get our car back. So, unless you're leaving at 7 am, plan for it to take forever to get your vehicle upon checking out. I would not stay at the location again. Its location may be "convenient" but it's little else. I could have stayed at a different hotel, taken cabs everywhere, and still spent less than $700 for 3 nights.
