stayed at the property over the weekend, got a fantastic rate on priceline. We took the blue line to Clark/Lake and then took the taxi to the hotel. Check in process was smooth, we had a wonderful room with a view of buildings across the street. Room was nicely furnished, flat screen, high beds, window shades between bedroom and bathroom. The room smelled nice and the furnishings were in a fine condition. We got a glimpse of the rooms with a view from the elevator waiting area - it looks our directly at a beautiful beach with Navy Pier to the right. I can imagine how amazing it must be to wake up with that view in the morning. It was raining on Friday night, we asked to use the hotel umbrella when we went out for dinner but apparently they were all out. The agent at the front desk offered us her personally umbrella but we declined (I think her name was Arianna - great service). We also had forgotten the charger for our iPhones, although they weren't able to send us one for our room, it was no problem to stop by the front desk and leave it there to charge in the back. We did that for 2 nights. The welcome desk was a little chaotic the two times we needed to speak to them, and when we did their attitude wasn't entirely pleasant. That was the only minor flaw to the hotel besides the unusually slow elevators that seemed to stop at every floor every time we needed to go to the lobby. We had plans all weekend, so didn't get to use the pool, restaurants or bars on site. We rented a zip car for 2 hours for our little excursion on Hot Doug's on Saturday morning. The car was parked a block away in a lot, very convenient. Other times we took the Red line (Chicago), explored the city on foot, and at the end of the night we took the taxi to the hotel. The W Lakeshore is located a bit far from the river and Michigan Ave. but the lake view is simply breath taking. If the weather was warmer, the pedestrian path by the lake and the beach is just across the street. Perfect for someone who wants to go for a jog or just relax by the water.
