Stayed there this weekend for a wedding we were going to. Wedding and reception were in the building! We did not vallet - we had family in town that took our car for the night.... 54 bucks for a day is obnoxious. When we checked in, we had a King Suite reserved. We were traveling with an infant & two baby sitters in tow. The room was nice, but there was no seperation between the sitting room and bed room, eventhough it appeared so on the website. They also said there were two bathrooms... while this room had one. My husband called the front desk, and they told him that nothing else was available. Boo... but we would survive. I also had read somewhere that there was a fridge available in each room. One more call to the front desk reveiled the fact, that only the mini bar is available. I was informed though by the room service man, that if I opened the bar, removed items, but left them with the bar, we would not be charged, because it was not one of those lame pressure sensitive ones. Yay!  So, my husband went to check in with some friends about the quickly impending wedding (1 hr away) and on his way back to the room he checked at the desk and was able to get us the room that we were looking for!  TIP - after booking we joined the frequent guest club... so when they asked my hubbie if he belonged they gave us the upgrade. The new room had a bedroom with french doors separating and two bathrooms. The only downside - it was on the smoking floor. The floor was not bad though, air cleaners in the hallways and in the room(as long as they are on)... so i was not feared for my 6 month olds lungs, and my smoking baby sitters could smoke in their bathroom - with the fan on. The room was very nice. No complaints - with the comment that the shower head's back was missing. Huge bathroom off the bedroom.... smaller one off the sitting room! Five huge pillows on the bed. Super comfy bed. Big TVs. Late check out available (We needed it after the great wedding that their wedding co-ordinaters throw together!)
