Poor customer service, tiny rooms, loud nights, and no frills describes our experience at Hotel Felix. Don't let the trendy decor trick you!Poor customer service & tiny rooms overcome a great location and modern decor. When you first walk into the hotel, your initial reaction is that you picked the right spot...then you have to check-in. The guy we talked to was smarmy and rude. A week and again the day before arriving I called to confirm a request, both times the staff told me that it wouldn't be a problem & was saved in my reservation. When we arrived the front desk representative told me I was lying about the request because I didn't know who I talked to when I made the request. A lot of other Yelpers rated customer service high so maybe it was an off day or this employee (20-something male) is a bad apple, but our experience couldn't have been worse. When we finally got to the room, we opened the door to find a queen size bed & that was about it. The room was tiny and it took effort to fit between the walls & the bed. Reminded me more of a walk-in closet than a hotel room. The bathrooms were equally small with the smallest, most shallow sink that could be mistaken for a bird bath. Sleeping was more like playing "Name that noise" & we were on the 8th floor away from the elevators! The air conditioning was incredibly loud and woke us up every time it turned on. After a poor night's sleep, all I wanted was a cup of coffee to help me wake up. Never mind, coffee makers are not provided in the room instead offering complimentary coffee in the lobby. Who doesn't like going to the lobby in your underwear to get some caffeine? I travel a lot for work and cannot recall the last hotel room I stayed in without a coffee maker. This hotel is big on cutting costs and corners. I would have rated Hotel Felix as a 1 star if it were not for the location. Poor customer service, tiny rooms, loud hotel, and no extras describe our experience at Hotel Felix. It is better than staying at O'Hare, but not by much.
