After staying at a big hotel like the Hyatt, I really appreciated The Whitehall Hotel, and how quiet and cozy it is. Location, fabulous, a block away from the Hancock Observatory, and a few blocks away from Oak Street beach, and the red line. The room and bathroom were very nice (see pictures). Luis approved. Layout of room was OK, until I opened the drawers. The bed and drawers are too close to each other, if the drawers are open it blocks the path to walk to the other side of the room. I did not like this, it didn't make me feel fancy anymore. No nice view here. I don't know if I was just not lucky enough to get a nice view or if all rooms are like this. But since I didn't plan to look out the window that much, it didn't bother me. One more thing I will complain about is the temperature of the room. I don't know if it was me that didn't know how to work the thermostat thing or if It was set to a standard temperature. I love my room to be ber cold, so I can sleep, and every time I would get back to my room after going out, it would be too hot for me. No likey my room warm. So I had to adjust it every time. Annoying. The tv was pretty old too, a little upgrade and new furniture wouldn't hurt. Things I liked, were that it was quiet, it didn't feel like a mall, not a lot of people. Most of the time the elevator was not crowded, and it was fast. The service was very nice. The person at the front desk recommended me going to a nearby Internet cafe to use the computer instead of using the hotel's. That way I would get to use the Internet and get a nice cup of coffee instead of just spending my money at the hotel's business center. I thought that was nice of him. I stayed here for 4 days. I probably was that guy that came in at 2am every night, that someone commented earlier on their review, but I did not slam the door, the door makes a big noise when it locks. Sorry. Lol. Anyways. I loved coming back to my room and sleeping in that bed after a long night. I'd definitely stay here again. The things I complained about are no biggie, but if fixed they would get a 5 star.
