Despite the fact that the lobby is quite nice, my room is huge, and I got a reasonably priced air/hotel package, I just can't give this hotel more than 2 stars. I'm writing this review from my hotel room, and am paying $14.95 a day for the internet connection. I guess that's not so unusual, and at least there are three differently priced connection options based on speed (I went for the cheapest). But I just feel nickel-and-dimed! It really started with the $25 extra fee for early check-in (about noon). I've never heard of that before. Kind of ticked me off right when I got here. I was pleasantly surprised to find a huge room. But was very surprised to find a teeny tiny bathroom, especially given the size of the room. The bathroom is so small, that even though I am the only person in my huge hotel room, I can barely get into the bathroom and have to squeeze around the door, then shut the door to have room to stand at the sink, or anything else. But first I have to get the light to turn on, so it is not pitch black when I close the bathroom door. This is a major production since it is kind of stuck in the "off" position. To add insult to injury, although there is a magnifying mirror attached to the wall (the kind you can use to put on makeup extra-carefully), it's attached at a height designed for someone about 6 feet tall! Since I'm 4'11", I can't actually see myself in the mirror. It just taunts me by being there. On to the actual room. Clean. Comfortable. Wait, why am I only giving this hotel 2 stars? Well, there is no coffee maker! I can't remember the last time I stayed in a hotel where there wasn't a small coffee set in the room. I guess they want me to buy the starbucks in the lobby instead. But I was kind of counting on the coffee set to heat hot water, so I could make my Trader Joe's instant oatmeal packet in the morning for breakfast. Hmmm. I guess they'd rather I bought the hotel oatmeal for $5 a bowl. And I also guess I could ask for a coffee set to be brought to my room. Would only cost $8. *sigh* Well, at least I brought workout clothes for the 4 days I'm staying here. At $18 per day (or $45 per 3 days), it's a bit pricey just to be able to work out for a few days, but at least I'll be able to use the spa amenities too, right?. Well, luckily I checked out the fitness center before paying, because I just don't like it. Most folks would probably like it fine, but the elliptical machines (only thing I use) here are *again* made for someone 6 feet tall, not someone my size. And the spa amenities aren't all that appealing. And since there are no 24 hr fitness locations nearby (I'm a member), I guess I brought my workout clothes for no good reason other than to use up the space in my luggage. Okay, this review is getting kind of long, and a bit too whiney. So for my last issue with this hotel - I tried calling the "guest service hotline" several different times since I've been here to ask some questions, but I don't think they actually staff the "hotline". On four different attempts, I only once reached an actual person, and I let it ring about 20 times each attempt before giving up. Last night all I wanted to know was where I could get some ice. When they finally directed me to the room with an icemaker (near the elevator), it was a room with peeling paint, cracks on the wall, and a flickering lightbulb. Yech. Tonight I wanted to ask some questions about getting back to the airport. I guess I'll just have to figure it out myself.
