We chose Hotel 71 as basecamp for our wedding this past October. We also had our rehearsal dinner there. First things first, the rooms were very affordable for downtown and were so nice. Depending on what side of the building you were on (hopefully river side) the views were absolutely amazing! The beds were plush and comfy, the tub in the bathroom was divine (although this may be only in the suite, not sure) and I was pleasantly surprised at the quality considering the price we paid. Plus the location is perfect! It's right on the river, across from the Trump Tower...easy walking to a lot of the loop and near north attractions. Our guests loved it!  I worked with several people during booking, all of whom were so polite and helpful. We were actually in one of their suites for the weekend, we used it to get all the girls ready for the reception in and it was plenty big enough. After the fact we decided to stay an extra night, fully intending to move to one of the regular rooms, but they told us to just stay put in the suite at no extra charge. How nice! The restaurant attached, Hoyt's, is pretty good. They have a really great mac & cheese with bacon and truffle oil (yum!) And as a bonus, the bar is open till 2am - which was nice for the wedding party :) We also had the rehearsal dinner here. I worked with their catering manager, Rebecca, during the whole planning process and she was just wonderful. She bore with me as I planned remotely, sending runners in to check out the space, and working with me to make the menu exactly what I wanted. We originally had planned to have it on the 6th floor in one of their newly renovated spaces (which are very nice). A few days before the event I got a call from her saying that the ballroom space was open and would we like to upgrade...no charge. The views from the ballroom were absolutely amazing and it made for an unforgettable dinner with all the people who are closest to us! We had an absolutely amazing experience at Hotel 71. The rooms themselves, the view and especially the service were above and beyond what I could have expected. I'll never stay at another downtown hotel if I can help it!
