Not too shabby! Last time we were in Chicago, we stayed at the Conrad. The prices for the rooms were about the same, but the Chicago River Hotel has an awesome location- right by the river and Michigan Ave. We were only a few blocks from Millennium Park, steps away from the shopping, and close to the metro. As I booked the room on their website and made the reservation, it said that the room won't actually be charged to my card until we physically arrive and check-in. However, a couple days before our arrival I noticed the charge to my credit card. When I called in to inquire, the first guy who I spoke with was rather rude, and argued with me, saying that I must not have booked on their site because they don't take the money out until check-in. He put me on hold, and I was connected to a manager, who was extremely nice and apologetic. Seems there was some problem with their site. He assured me that my request for a room with a nice view would be waiting for us upon our arrival. Sooo fast forward a couple days, and we get to the hotel. We check in, I speak with the manager I spoke with on the phone, everything seems fine. We get up to our room and we had problems getting the room key to scan in the door.. this actually happened EVERY single time we wanted to get in. It took on average 5-10 scans before the key would be read each time. Imagine our frustration. Anyway, the room was nice enough and modern, but it was DINKY. Super small. I'm guessing it was this size because it was a corner room, but it was definitely narrow. Our view was nice though, of the river and buildings across the way. One morning when we were heading out, housekeeping was cleaning some of the rooms on our floor. The doors were open, and what we saw were much bigger rooms, but they didn't seem like they were suites. Is it wrong that after the problems with the room charges to my card, I would expect them to do some nice gesture for us to make up for it? I dunno... I think I'd rather pay a little more and get a bigger room somewhere else.
