Oh my goodness! I had the best experience at the Dana Hotel. I want to mention that I did not go to the SPA (though I hope to in the future!) so this is a review for the hotel only. For my birthday this year my boyfriend decided to do a special "date night" downtown. He is really good at planning things like this and after a lot of research he decided on Dana Hotel for our place to stay. When we arrived they valeted our car. Every staff person that we interacted with was helpful and friendly. The decor of the hotel is very beautiful and modern. There was a huge tour group checking in when we arrived so the manager took us aside to get us checked in. They also have self serve kiosks for check in. Our room was not ready so they set us up with a free drink at the bar while we waited. I thought that was really good customer service. The room was AH-mazing. If you decide to stay there I highly suggest that you choose a corner room. The first thing that hits you when you walk in are the floor to ceiling windows. The beds are so comfy and plush, the bathroom is awesome and has a rain shower! I took 4 showers and was only there one night. It has all the amenity's of a nice hotel, robe and slippers, nice bath products, etc. We also liked that it had an awesome ipod docking station with really good speakers. Overall it was an amazing room and well worth the price of $160. We had stayed at a holiday inn express a couple weeks before which cost $100 per night. $60 more for this room was a great deal if you ask me. We stayed in January so I am guessing the price might be more in a peak season? While we were there we also went to the roof top bar. It was really cool, not too crowded, and there was an outdoor patio with an ice bar! I also liked that there was a fire pit to sit around with complimentary robes to wear, so you could sit by the fire outside on the roof and not be cold. There were a few things to be aware of, though it wouldn't make me drop my rating. The valet is $40 per night and when you get the room charge they add tax. The drinks at the bar are really expensive, $15 or more for a cocktail. So keep that in mind. Either way, I know that if we do another date night downtown I will ask if we can stay there again, we loved it!
