During our stay at the Hyatt Regency Chicago, we enjoyed being only a few blocks from Millenium Park, Macy's and the Art Institute. Our beautiful room (1064 in the East Tower) overlooked the Chicago River and the Magnificent Mile skyline. Automatic check-in was quick and easy. We arrived before the 3 p.m. check-in and were able to check our luggage easily. Before we settled in, my husband did his usual 10-minute bedbug search with high-beam flashlight and magnifying glass, and there is no problem here. My number one priority in hotels is getting a good night's sleep, and we slept beautifully. The beds were incredibly comfortable, and the linens and pillows of high quality. The blackout curtains did their job, and there was no noise from the street or adjacent rooms (the hotel was full at least one of the nights we were there, so we did have neighbors). We visited in the summer, and the room and public areas were always delightfully cool. Transportation was excellent, with the Number 6 bus to Loop stores and Hyde Park stopping in front of the hotel, and the Number 151 Michigan Avenue bus on the corner. Valet parking was easy, and there was always a line of cabs at the hotel. The housekeeper was very nice and she kept the room spotless. The shower felt great! Hotel staff is genuinely friendly and helpful, with none of the "have a nice day" automatic civility of many businesses that cater to the public. After I tried and failed to get tickets for Frank Lloyd Wright's Robie House tour, I turned to the concierge, and she walked me through booking the tour on the Robie House website and printing the tickets. Another concierge printed driving directions back home for us. Breakfast Buffet: The selection and presentation is terrific. It's like attending 12 bar mitzvahs! Manuel made me a wonderful omelet, cooking the onions and mushrooms thoroughly, as I requested, before adding the spinach and cheddar cheese I had selected. The fruit cup and pineapple spears were very fresh. There are options to match any appetite and special diet, and for those without time to wait for an omelet, there were at least a dozen egg and pancake dishes on the steam table. Smoked salmon, excellent cheeses (including artisan cheddar, goat cheese and brie) and freshly made waffles were available, and there was an extensive selection of breads, pastries, cereal and drinks. Service was exceptional! Manuel brought my omelet to the table, and the waiter brought me coffee, water and a newspaper. One of my restaurants pet peeves is constant sound. While there were televisions in the dining area, the sound is muted, leaving guests in blessed silence to enjoy this fabulous breakfast. The workout room was clean and well equipped, and you can hook up your iPod to the cardio machines. My husband and I enjoyed a drink at The Big Bar. The negatives: Constant noise from the bathroom fan, loud enough that we had to keep the bathroom door closed; a squeaky bathroom door; and intermittent motor-like noise from above the ceiling. I asked to have these problems fixed and they weren't. Also, the flat screen television did not have a very good picture, most shows were not high definition and there was no programming guide. At one point during our stay our key cards stopped working. Assistant Front Office Manager Rocco LaFronza was just delightful. He got us into our room and comped us breakfast buffet the next day, turning a negative experience into a positive.  I look forward to staying at this luxurious hotel again.
