* This place was outdated 10 years ago - and hasn't been updated since! * I gave in and did something I usually don't do. I stayed at the main conference hotel for a conference. What was I thinking? I usually like getting away from the crowds and having a little space to take a break. But I remember last time I went to a conference in Chicago I hated walking around in the heat. So I gave in and stayed at the Hyatt.  While it was good to avoid the heat, the hotel itself is outdated and has fairly pathetic "service."  I got upgraded to the Regency Club level (ok, that was a good plus) which is supposed to be a slightly better room, better amenities, and access to a club that serves breakfast, snacks, evening apps, late night desserts, etc.  I got to my room and found the electronic safe didn't work. (One of the buttons was broken.) I also found that the desk chair had a broken arm. I called the "exceptional service" button that is supposed to take care of any guest needs. After waiting for about 7 minutes on hold (ugh) the woman said, "Oh, safes are security's issue. I'll connect you." So before I could tell her about the broken chair I was on hold with security. I finally got through and told them the safe had a single broken button, but it was the important one that locks the safe! He said he would send someone up right away.  While I was waiting I figured I'd call "exceptional service" and get the chair fixed too. After another 8 minutes on hold I got the agent and she said they would have someone come up and fix it.  Nobody showed up for either issue. I had to eventually leave, and when I got back later that night the safe was still not fixed, and neither was the chair. There was no message and no note. They ignored the issues. I called again and went through the same run-around. After 5 days at the hotel they never fixed the safe or the chair! Sheesh! On the bright side, the Regency Club did have a nice view of the river and the lake (as did my room). The breakfast wasn't terrible in the club (they actually had a pretty good quality lox). I wish the bagels were fresher to match up to the lox though. But I digress.  I did appreciate they had ample bottles of water to drag around in the heat, as well as some nice fresh fruit (the plums and peaches were particularly good).  Overall I'm not sure I will ever stay in a conference hotel again! I will go back to my old conference strategy of finding a nice hotel nearby and enjoying the stay a bit more, while having a place to get away to as well during the craziness of the conference!
