Would Marilyn Monroe ever use Priceline? Are diamonds forever? I think not. Tell that to Kate Winslet. I was horrified to see that a hotel as glamorous as the Drake was using Priceline. To think that regular people could be walking on the same outdated carpets and watching the same so-90s TVs as Judy Garland or the English Royal Family at $100 per night made me not want to eat for the rest of the week. Lucky for me it was Ramadan. My two stays at the Drake have been like old-fashioned film noir love-making. The little sofas in the elevators are to die for. Who would ever think of putting sofas in their elevators? Even my luxurious condo in my homeland Dania Beach does not have sofas in the elevators. Ya, and for a building with Chanel on the ground floor, I think Coco would have a chemical reaction to some of the guest rooms. Go suite or go home. The regular guest rooms felt dark and dreary. Old-world style has been replaced for a reason. I think I've rennovated myself more times in the past six months than the Drake has since 1920. So why give 4 stars you say? hEllO, this one's easy: because the Drake isn't a hotel. It's a museum with cleverly-disguised bedrooms. Of course--because if you pay the same for the chic Swissotel down the street you can't say you walked on the same carpet as Prince Charles, or stood in the same lobby as Frank Sinatra. And why people complaining about internet?? Of cOUrsE they charge a lot for internet usage in your room, hEllO. Who goes to a museum and surfs the web? Not anyone I know. If you want to surf the web or stay in a "hotel," then go to the Best Western in Lakeview. There is free internet and you're surrounded by gay people, all lovely, but you can't say that you slept in the same place as Frank Sinatra. Only his wife can say that, or people who have stayed at the Drake. I won't talk about the price of this museum because I don't like to talk about money. But if I did like to talk about money, I'd say that this museum's entrance fee is pricey on a per/night basis, but could you imagine how much the MoMa would fine you if they caught you sleeping overnight in the Marie-Josee and Henry Kravis Gallery? You are getting 'quite' the bargain. This has been a Review by Fulgencio
