I recently had the worst consumer experience I've had in years with this hotel. Although the hotel looks beautiful, I would avoid staying here, no matter what, because what happened to us was not an aberration, but a result of hotel policy. They called us just after midnight, when we were about 10 minutes from arriving and told us the hotel was oversold and that our room was not available. Their solution was for us to come in and get our "walk slip" and then take it to another hotel in the suburbs near the airport. We were to pay full price and the other hotel was not a suite, but a room with one bed. So $250 bucks for a room comparable to what we could have booked for 75 bucks. I told them that staying in a room on Michigan Ave, in a suite with a pool and spa on the 30th floor is a bit different from a roadside motel in the suburbs. The person calling told me, "since the city is oversold, that is all we can offer." I explained that we had booked weeks in advance, that we were following each other in 2 cars in a city we didn't know well after midnight and that we had already driven over 600 miles that day and we were quite tired, so trying to find another hotel and then having some of us sleep on the floor was a real inconvenience. I asked for a second room, or to be booked in a downtown hotel and they simply repeatedly said, "Sir, I am only authorized to put you in this room." We were moving from California to Virginia and we were very excited to stay at this hotel, because the suite allowed my college age son and his finace the pull out sofa in the living room, while our 5 year old could just sleep in the king with us. The location is great and we had lived there when oldest son was a toddler, so we were going to show them the area and to go to the Cubs game the following day at noon. So we were very bummed about not staying downtown.I began to feel very sorry for the employee who had called us because she let slip that she had done this several nights in a row and that she was very embarrassed about this hotel's policy about over booking. She clearly understood that we were not going to be able to find another downtown hotel at this late hour. When I went on the hotel website to make a complaint to the central office, I was surprised to see that the Hilton site has a tab for complaints about overbooking of their hotels, so this is clearly an ongoing problem for this chain and in particular this hotel. Fortunately, we usually stay at Marriott's and since we have "gold status" from business travel, they were able to find us a hotel in the suburbs with 2 rooms for 75 bucks per room. We finally got to our room at 2:20am. I stay about 75 nights a year in hotels, which is not usually fun, but if you book in a nice hotel, the service is usually great and in the 21st century, you can certainly expect a room to be held for you when you arrive if you've made a reservation with a credit card, after all if you don't show for any reason, they will certainly charge you for the night. I was really amazed that these jerks would carry out this kind of policy on an ongoing basis. I hope others refuse to patronize them and if you do stay, CHECK IN EARLY.
