With the name "Ritz Carlton," you enter this place with certain expectations. And I'm talking HIGH expectations. This was definitely not the case. My first impression basically sums up my experience here. My friend had picked me up at the airport and dropped me off because A) she's an awesome friend and B) I had just had knee surgery and had a full-leg brace and crutches and could barely walk, let alone manage my things. As we pull up to the hotel, NEITHER of the TWO BELLHOPS took one step towards us. Even after seeing me struggle to get out of the car, after watching me wrestle with my luggage (4 bags), and even after making eye contact with me, they didn't even flinch from their spots. I had to call them over before one of them reluctantly (and I could see it on his face) mosied his way towards me. MOSY?!? I can barely hold my purse and manage my crutches at the same time and this guy is MOSY-ING? It gets worse. He then proceeds to not say one word to us...no greeting, not apologies, nothing...and takes only ONE BAG! Did I mention I had FOUR? Before I could ask him to take the others, he was gone. In effort to keep this somewhat brief, let me list off the other terrible attributes of the stay: 1) after complaining to the front desk about the bellhop as I was checking in, she just stared at me blankly and gave a half-hearted apology. Nothing else was done. No comps, no speaking with the manager, nothing. 2) when checking in, she told me she no longer had king beds available and I would have to take a room with two doubles. That would be fine if I didn't have to sleep with a GIGANTIC BRACE on my leg with my husband next to me. Being that it was a romantic getaway, sleeping in separate beds was not the suggestion I wanted to hear from the front desk. 3) Although they moved us to a king room the next night, the second room had a constant yet intermittent rattle that would sound like someone knocking on our door. All. Throughout. The. Night. 4) They erroneously charged us for mini-bar items TWICE! Once upon checkout and then again when I just happened to check my credit card!!! What if I hadn't? I would've never known. 5) Lastly, when I called the front desk to challenge said mini-bar charge, they stated they would have someone from finance call me back. It has been over a week and I had to call them back myself. Never again will I stay at a Ritz Carlton. Not what I would've expected from such a reputable hotel. Truly disappointing and a waste of my money.
