Stayed at the HR over Labor day weekend '10.. and had two different room types. The first night we stayed in a Deluxe King room and it was cozy but nice. We didn't spend a lot of time in the room as we didn't land until 8pm and it took an hour to get to the hotel and then we went to grab a late bite. The balance of the stay (3 nights) we stayed the Platinum King which was a corner room with two views of the city. Things I loved: The front desk was really helpful and remembered us. We didn't have to deal with any messy issues and they called us when our room was ready (we had to change our rooms since they were different levels). They stored our bags (for free - in Vegas; they sometimes charge $1/bag). The concierge called us twice to inform us that our room was ready; I thought that was nice in case we were killing time (which we weren't). The hotel sent us a place of fresh strawberries, chocolate fondue and champagne as we were there for a celebration. I thought that was such a nice touch as other hotels we've stayed at on special occasions did not acknowledge at all (despite being listed on reservation). The bathrooms were nice with upgraded amenities. The smell of sweetgrass still gives me a smile as all the products smelled like it. There were lots of mirrors and comfortable beds. I enjoyed the non-down pillow in the closet (with an additional blanket) as I'm allergic to down pillows. Close location to downtown area with lots nearby to eat and hang out. Train stop is only a block away and can utilize to get around city without large cab fees. Your room key gives you a 15% discount to the Hard Rock Cafe although it is about a mile or so (walking). We walked there but there were no directions to it and we thankfully just used our itouch to get there. Cons: Elevators were a bit confusing as only one bay seemed to be functioning despite having 6. Fridge was weighted and so you were unable to use for personal items. I usually prefer to buy my own water as I like to stay hydrated so we had to just drink room temp so we didn't get charged for moving things around in the fridge. There was only one robe in the room and it wasn't as soft as some hotels we've stayed in. Overall, I was impressed with the Hard Rock. We've stayed at many hotels which were pricier and didn't make us feel special or valued. HR definitely made us feel it was worth the value as well as accomodating. We asked for late check-out and they granted us an additional hour. Check-out was painless and we were able to just walk out and leave keys in the room. Would definitely stay there again the next time we visit.
