Vibrant City hotel in Chicago - Avenue Crowne Plaza!Wow the excitement of downtown Chicago - I love it! As a first time visitor to this vibrant city I find myself looking out the hotel window of the Crowne Plaza Avenue Hotel just watching the excitement and the action of the city - the lights, the city noise, the people watching and all that. Who needs to leave the hotel! But alas this is a review of the hotel not of the city. My husband and I wanted a quick weekend get away and as recent transplants to the Midwest, Chicago seemed to be an easy journey. Scouring on line we stumbled upon the Avenue Crowne Plaza Hotel. As most travelers do these days, we looked at the reviews and as many websites as we could find to research the hotel. Time and time again we saw how comfortable the beds were, the positive comments on the guest rooms, location and all that - oh can't forget about the Zebra chairs. I was intrigued to say the least.So we booked it and didn't regret the decision once during our stay. The reviews were correct - Avenue Hotels rooms were spacious, the staff was courteous, the location was phenomenal, the beds were comfortable and the zebra chairs were awesome!We arrived mid day and while we waited for the check in time we took the opportunity to walk around. So many shopping options nearby including the American Girl store. I drug my husband in there to see what all of the talk was about. The kids in there were going crazy about the American Girl Store. Apparently not many American Girl Stores around, even talked to a family that came from Texas to get their American Girl hair done. What? Any who--we came back to the hotel, checked in and Sarah at the front desk was amazing. She gave us some pointers on where to shop, dine and what clubs to hit. Thank you Sarah - you were correct on all fronts! We checked into a one bedroom suite and the suite was oversized, very spacious with great city views and yes - you do hear the city below even as high up as we were. But when traveling to downtown Chicago our expectation was not to hear crickets and birds signing - our expectation is what we experienced. The sounds of an alive city! So all you review writers that were bothered by the sounds of the city perhaps should visit a ranch in Montana for your holiday? Here's a hint..when you take a cruise you hear the ocean too. Just sayin'Thank you to the Crowne Plaza Avenue Hotel for a great and memorable first time trip to Chicago!  We'll be back.
