Man, I do love my Moo's and Oink's! Mr. Cow, give me a high five for being so tender and flavorful! Mrs. Piggy, give me a low five for being so juicy and well seasoned! Ms. Late Lamb Chop, give me a thumbs up for giving me so much robust flavor! Overall, thanks Meat Family... I really enjoyed your company earlier this week. I'm not so sure about the the leafy greens family around the salad bar, they were giving me the " Green Stink Eye".... Shady fellows over there with their pasta salad and tomatoes. Overall, everything was great. Food was really well seasoned and the meat was up to par with all the expectations. Salad bar wasn't as good as the one at Brazzaz. They definitely had more variety and not just salads. Although I noticed Brazzaz has more of a variety of meats , the meat at Fogo isn't overly salted and is perfectly seasoned. But Fogo's only downfall is probably the pineapple. And the simply fact that they don't have any. That is the only reason why I took 1 star off. No pineapple, No star!... I'm a greedy Mofo! There's is something that is awfully uplifting after eating pounds of meat, you taste some pineapple. For some reason, the sweetness of the pineapple cleanses you platte as well as prepares you for the next round of meat. Without it, the meat start to taste the same and you get fuller faster. This is what I've noticed. Service was impeccable. The manager came by to talk to us and people were our beck and call. Our water glasses never became less than 75% full. There was also an incident where the manager accidently brushed our menu and it fell to the ground. The waiter then accidently stepped on it. The manager then ushered the waiter to give us a new one while he picked up the one on the floor and proceeded to rip up the old menu and toss it. Wow, I've never had service like this before. I could get used to this, but with the price tag.... Probably not a good idea for my wallet. Note: If you notify the waiter of any special event (e.g. Birthday's, they will throw in a free dessert on the house) Ok, Mrs. Piggy, Mr. Cow, and Ms. Succulent Lamb, I'll hit you up later for sure! You can bet your filet minion on that!
