I really wanted to love this place and it came really close but just didn't quite do it for me. First of all, went there for the 25 dollar brunch special with a couple of friends and I'd like to start by saying that even without this awesome special that allowed me to load up on sangrias (more on that later), their food prices appeared very reasonable for their brunch items. Most plates were five or fewer dollars normally. Now, these are tapas plates, but I'm used to spending a lot more for a tapas plate at most places of this caliber. The food was good, but not life changing like I had hoped for from a iron chef Jose Garces restaurant. Some dishes were on the very good (but again, not life changing side) such as the bacon wrapped dates, the eggs with truffle butter covered bread and the two open face type sandwich dishes I had (had the suckling pig and the short ribs, the short ribs being the better of the two by a slim margin). Others were downright bad: we had some sort of fish dish which had the consistency similar to mashed potatoes which was so salty it was kind of disgusting, also the pimentos left a lot to be desired.  On food alone this might have been a 3 star experience, though I think I would still be willing to check it out for dinner as I suspect that possibly their brunch menu isn't their A-game. Luckily, however, I went with the white sangria which was hands down the best sangria I've ever had. It was perfectly sweet and didn't really suffer from the dry wine mouthfeel you often get with sangria. You could easily go to brunch and make the $25 dollars worth it in just sangria if you wanted to.  I liked the ambiance of the place, it was modern and well lit which was great for brunch. My friends and I all came pretty casual and didn't feel the slightest bit out of place (the bussers were running around in t-shirts so definitely not stuffy in there). The music was spanish inspired and interesting, not overly loud. Tables seemed a bit close together, not sure if it would have felt a little crowded had the place been full (we went at 2pm so things were dying down). Service was ok, I expected our server to be a little more forthcoming with suggestions and I went a while with an empty glass at one point in the meal, but it wasn't bad and when asked the server was knowledgeable about the menu and made sure I got a last glass of sangria when he brought the check so I was happy with the service by the end of the meal. Overall it was a good experience and I am looking forward to trying their dinner menu at some point in the future.
