As any of my friends (or anyone who reads my Yelp reviews) knows, I'm the opposite of shy about high-calorie meals. My one caveat is that, when I'm done with my decadent experience, and paying the price in guilt, I expect to feel like it was worth it. After eating at The Lockdown, I didn't even feel so much as a whiff of satisfaction; the meal felt like a failed attempt at hedonism. Any of you who think that these belong in the upper echelon of burgers in Chicago ought to have your heads examined. Let's start with the ambience, which was not terrible. It could be described as a poor man's Kuma's: metal music blaring, epic burgers, and tattooed/pierced waitstaff. I like this atmosphere; gruff, but oddly inviting. Also, the beer list is excellent, reasonably priced, and on this particular night, was half off. That was probably the best part of the experience. Food-wise, a friend and I split 2 burgers. The Lock Down Warden ($14) comes topped with bacon, fried leeks, and is stuffed with Merkt's cheddar cheese. The burger, which we ordered medium rare, was actually closer to medium-well; hardly a whiff of pink to be found. This is such an egregious sin in my mind, that after discovering this, the ceiling on this dinner was set pretty low. I thought I liked the Merkt's cheddar (which I ordinarily find offputting at best and revolting at worst), but then I realized that it was the only thing stopping the burger from being dry as a bone. The Federales ($13) comes topped with jalapeo relish, braised pork, hot sauce, and a fried egg; while I definitely appreciated the kick of the chiles, the fried egg was cooked to death (I couldn't even find the yolk) and as a result was barely detectable. This burger was better than the Warden, but only because these toppings did a better job of masking the fact that the burger was, yet again, cooked to death. Mac and cheese ($2 surcharge) is essentially pedestrian baked mac and cheese, but for a twist, they mix in bacon, which I like, but is an unoriginal way to make a mediocre offering impressive to one-track-mind bacon lovers. Fries are actually pretty good; crispy, not oversalted, and tender on the inside. Another friend ordered the "possession of shrooms" ($12); topped with portabella and button mushrooms, as well as chevre, this should be a slam dunk version of a classic combination; however, given that his burger (which he ordered medium) came out medium well, it was basically a hockey puck topped with mushrooms and goat cheese. I didn't try it, but it did not sound like my roommate found it pleasant. Service was okay but somewhat awkward; our waitress told us she would be "right back to take our orders" several times before finally committing to it. She was amicable enough to improve the rest of the experience, however... All in all, I don't really get what this place is about. When I order a hamburger, believe it or not, my primary objective is to eat a hamburger, cooked to the temperature at which I request it. Toppings are great, but if the burger doesn't cut it, they're just a culinary facade. Just as you have to learn how to walk before you can run, or learn algebra before calculus, you have to cook a burger right before you pay attention to the stuff you put on it. The Lockdown tried to do too much with way too little, and the result was a wasted indulgence. I'll be back, but exclusively to drink - no more food here!
