Solid Sunday brunch experience - I would actually give them a 3.5 if I could. Ambience: I'm a fan of the modern-country-chic look with modern light fixtures and giant pig portraits on the wall. I also liked the fenced in booths to keep the knee-knockin' at bay. However, I was not a huge fan of communal seating and the noise level. Make sure you go with a group of 4 to get a cool booth! Logistics: Host had a very warm greeting and was able to seat us fairly quickly since we had reservations. Table staff always kept my water glass filled and was very attentive even though they were smack-dab-in-the-middle of their brunch rush. Overall I thought they facilitated our experience efficiently. Menu: There was a little confusion about the menu - since they re-use the paper on their menus (kudos for recycling and changing the menu so frequently), I didn't know we were restricted to the 1 side. Doh! I guess I'll have to try this place for dinner next time. The brunch items I did order was very good! We had the maple bacon - which was a thick slice of pork belly, tender and syrupy sweet. The red wine poached eggs were paired so well with the bed of greens, and the prosciutto - it seemed to fit so intricately. Winey+creamy eggy+ robusty+salty=wow! I had the pork belly carbonara - a bit greasy (but that's expected when dealing with pork belly), fresh parm, and egg - I thoroughly enjoyed it as it provided the comfort and familiarity of a sure thing. We finished it off with the peach-lavender waffle - perfect waffle texture (mild crunch, warm softness), though I wasn't too keen on tasting the peach lavender essence. All of this was washed down with some buttered rum and a classic bloody mary(with pickled onions, corn, and sweet pickles floating in it - washed down with a brew-ski). I did enjoy myself, but I would still try a few more brunch spots before I circle back to Publican for brunch again - though I would go back to try dinner. Make sure that when you go there, that the main attraction is the food - not the convo (no deep heart-to-hearts here), because you won't be able to hear it... The place is definitely (as kids like to say,) on-and-poppin' .
