I am giving Las Tablas 1 star for its BAD service, not it's food. I just came from this place where I went with a few friends. We were waited on pretty fast, and before we ordered, we asked if we could split the check 2 ways (there were 4 of us).  The waiter seemed confused, but didn't say that they didn't split checks. Two of us ordered vegetarian plates, two of us ordered steaks. The 2 vegetarian plates came out very fast, and I was excited to get my steak...... but I kept waiting... and waiting.... we literally waited 20 MINUTES until our 2 stake plates came out. We literally sat there watching our friends eat, and when ours came, they sat there and watched us eat.  Keep in mind, in the middle of waiting, the server came up and told us that it was because we had asked for 2 separate checks, with attitude.   Sorry, but I don't think its that hard to go into the kitchen, and tell the cooks that the 2 tickets were on the same table. Maybe if I was at IHOP I wouldn't have cared, but this is a damn steakhouse, they should know how to serve everyone together. THEN, once we finally got our meals, the waiter did not come back ONCE. We sat there for half an hour, just waiting to get some freaking water, when finally another waiter basically took over, got us water, wrapped stuff up, and even got our checks. It was like our first waiter was scared to even look us in the eye because he knew we were upset about the waiting.  So we decided to tell the manager what had happened... he apologized and went to talk to the waiter, and then they both came back together and argued with us that it was our fault for asking for 2 checks. It then turned out that the waiter had lied to the manager, telling him that he had told us that if we asked for 2 checks this would happen, before we ordered. IF HE TOLD US BEFORE THEN WE WOULDNT HAVE DONE IT! WHO ORDERS FOOD KNOWING THAT THEY ARE GOING TO HAVE TO WATCH THEIR FRIENDS EAT?? We were so pissed at this point. We told the manager that the waiter never told us this, that he only told us AFTER the vegetarian plates came out that "they only take 5 minutes to cook while your plates take about 20".  So the manager pulled the waiter back again, and then finally gave us 20 dollars off our bill. Gee, thanks. An expensive, nice steakhouse that can't even time a four-top properly, and a manager who doesn't know how to fix a bad situation? WHAT A JOKE! He told us to please come back... YEAH RIGHT!! NEVER GOING BACK! They get 1 star because the food was good... but not good enough to deal with that service.
