This was a hard one to rate. The food was amazing. I had a petite filet, green beans, and a cupcake =) The filet was so good it should be given more than 5 stars. It was so tender that the next day, I ate the leftovers cold with plastic silverware and it still was like cutting through butter. The green beans with roasted garlic were cooked to that perfect point between crisp and tender where they just burst with sweet juicy flavor. And the cupcake, not oversized, not cloyingly over-sweetened, expertly moist, with a cream cheese frosting and fresh raspberries. The bar drinks were that exact mix you expect from a "good stiff drink." The service was ok. Just to make a note and not to knock my waitress personally, but I don't want to pay for ass kissing, nor do I particularly like it. If i wanted my ego fluffed I'd hire....a hooker...or something like that. I get it that it's a corporate place, it's expensive, and it's supposed to be all stuffy and proper. I get that they HAVE to go through specials and information and smile at me even though they feel like it. Personally, I could give a sh*t about all that....but I get that they have to do it. And she did all that. She hit every line in her script, every up-sell suggestion, even tried to throw some banter in there to seem friendly and genuine. "Oh-ho-ho, it's so nice to see couples having a great time. We like that here at Ruth's Chris!" It was like a bad commercial. I heard the same exact schpeel when she went to the table next to us. And again, nothing against the waitress---she actually seemed uncomfortable spitting it all out. What bothers me is this: while the servers are all uncomfortable trying to SEEM smiley and breezy with thier focus on pulling off this unnatural Mr. Belvedere meets your local car saleman act, I, the diner, still had to flag the busboy down to take care of things for most of my meal. Cocktail refills, pre-bussing, the next course, "yes, I'm ready for a box" and "Ooops, I got someone elses steak!"  You know, food server stuff. Maybe it's designed that way on purpose??---the server is just some schmeazy sales rep and their busboy does all the work? Was the server slacking off or was it only her job to come sell me stuff in the first place? Weird and confusing. Great food, good drinks, nice seating (oh yeah! The host switched out my white napkin for a black one so I didn't get white lint on my black dress, brilliant!) , but minus stars for the bizarre car salesman-y non-service.
