I LOVE fondue. And this fondue was great. The cheese fondue was pretty intense, which was nice. The apple pieces could have been cut smaller, but not something that's difficult to do yourself. For the main course I had the beef and shrimp, and my date had the Prince Geja's Unlike most people on here, we really liked the flavor of the food straight out of the oil. We weren't a fan of most of the sauces. They were either too sweet or too mild, but the butter was nice, especially for the broccoli and the seafood. And, of course, chocolate fondue, being a big pot of melted chocolate, was fabulous. My date wished it had been a little darker, but still ate a ton of it. I do wish they had given us more fruit and less cake, but that's just a personal preference. The wine list is extensive, especially if you want a bottle, but the glass specials are also great. Service was fantastic. We had an early (5pm) reservation, and I requested a booth when I placed it on OpenTable. They let us in right at 5 and led us to a booth, which was super quiet and private even with another couple seated behind us. Our server was nice and really helpful, and everything was cleared right as we were done and the next course brought promptly. I am a server, and I really appreciated how he was always available when we needed him but not overbearing. Once we were done with desert, he brought us the check but didn't make us feel rushed to leave, which was nice. They also set the desert plates on the same side of the table after they saw that I had moved over to my date's side of the booth after dinner, so I didn't have to move them myself. All in all it was a really romantic, relaxed experience. It's really a great spot for a date. Oh, and my date and I thought we would hate live music while we were eating, as it usually tends to be overbearing, but it was actually really nice. My date didn't even notice it was live until like halfway through the meal, it was that unobtrusive. We also definitely didn't leave smelling like oil, which seems to be a common complaint on here, but maybe that had something to do with the fact that we had an earlier reservation.
