I want to love RJ Grunts. I used to love RJ Grunts. But I used to be 18 years old. My problem with Grunts is that I have memories of what it used to be, and while it's fine for what it is, it's not what it was. Huh? The salad bar used to be something special, but now it's more pedestrian. Fewer prepared salads, more of the same fixings you'd find at any salad bar. One of the things that made this salad bar famous was the fact that, when the restaurant opened, it was the only salad bar in town. Now it's fine, but nothing special. The menu used to be more varied as well. I had a friend who came here regularly for the fried chicken. I was a fan of the cheezy chicken (chix breast and fettuccine in a cheesy cream sauce -- yum). Both are gone, along with the rest of the entrees. Now Grunts serves "bar food" -- burgers, club-type sandwiches, a lot of chicken sandwiches, nachos and wings. Which is fine if you're in the mood for that sort of thing, but I'm rarely in the mood for that sort of thing. When I go to Grunts, I order the onion soup, the Gruntburger, and a peanut butter chocolate shake. This is indeed a meal worth the trip. Grunts' onion soup continues to be some of the best in the city. The Gruntburger is a big-ass burger with fried onions and blue cheese. And the shakes are terrific. A bit of trivia: Grunts was the first restaurant in the Lettuce Entertain You chain, before there was a Lettuce Entertain You chain. A few years back (late 90s), Lettuce decided to close Grunts -- as they've closed a number of their early restaurants -- because it was losing money. When word got out, tons of old regulars came out of the woodwork and raised a hue and cry about the decision. Rich Melman -- Mr. Lettuce -- decided to keep the place open, and started putting in hours at Grunts himself to turn the place around. (I imagine this is when many of my old favorites bit the dust.) This is the sort of thing that warms my crusty old cockles, and makes me want Grunts to succeed, even if it's not "my place" any more.
