My vegan meet up group walked over here for dessert after we had lunch. I had a taste for a vegan cupcake and the server at the place where we had lunch said The Chicago Diner had vegan desserts. First of all, when we walked in, there was a customer leaving but was standing in the doorway talking to a server and I as I tried to walk around her she gave me this horrifying look. That should have been a warning.  We sat down and ordered our desserts. It took a really long time for one of my friends to get her shake. We started looking around wondering what was going on. Our server finally came by and said there was some sort of problem and her shake will be done shortly.  The server never asked if everything was ok or if we needed anything else. We asked if the checks could be separate, there were three of us, the server said yes. We waited and waited for our checks. The server put them all in one book so we did our best to separate them with the payment. She came back frazzled and said it was confusing what we did. So we told her what payment went with each check. We put each payment on top of each check. She returned the checks, this time in separate books (which she should have done in the first place), slamming them down in the middle of the table and turning quickly and walking away. My friend had to go ask for a pen, because she forgot to give us one. We waited even longer for her to come back.  The server never said thanks, come back, hope you enjoyed it, nothing. We came in happy and excited, and left thinking what the heck just happened.  Let me also mention that usually when I walk through a restaurant, to say use the restroom, the workers move to the side and let me pass. In this place I had to move out of the way for three workers. One of the workers did have things in his hands, not heavy things, so I can kind of understand that but the other two were hands free. I just felt as though I was not at all treated with kindness. I think the manager needs to train his employees to treat the customers with some kind of respect. I will never eat there. Oh, I almost forgot! I had the German Chocolate Cupcake. It was small, cold and overpriced.
