Came here for Valentine's Day. Again, a super busy day for restaurant business, but definitely worth sharing. I called on the Saturday before V-day (a Tuesday). I'm a little bit of a control freak, so I called tuesday to double check the time for my reservations. Lo and behold, my reservations were AMISS. complete abomination. unforgivable! RAWR!!!! And i had phone records to prove it. After about 5-10 minutes of figuring it out, the gentleman on the phone got back to me; luckily, someone ELSE had to cancel their reservations, so he was able to add me back on. Which was fortunate-- but should never have happened anyway to begin with! Our reservations were for 8:30. Getting to downtown on Vday was (as expected) a little trouble some.... but come around 8:15 i send my boyfriend in so I could find parking. When he arrived, they were already calling out "reservations for 8:30?" so that hawkers would get a chance to nab our seats. Luckily my bf piped in (Again. At 8:15pm), questioning why they were about to give up our table. Hostess said "you have to be here before 8:30 because at 8:30 we seat you." Uhm.. Mr Brazzazz, that would be nice to let people know when you give reservations. I walked in at 8:26. They had to seat my bf so that we couldn't give up the table. (im better at the stress of traffic/downtown driving, which was why I opted to drive there, he'd drive back). I dunno. I think this was pretty snooty. Anyhow, as compared to when I came here for my birthday--- The shining star would have to be the mushroom risotto. I could eat and eat and eat this all day. As always, I love the tintero moscato. Highly recommend this for other ladies who like sweet wine. I'm short. 4'10" short. So every bite is precious. Every time I'd ask the gauchos for a small piece, i'd get honked with a massive slab. Which... i like to try everything, but I feel really bad about wasting meat-- that's like wasting life. =/.  While all the meat was flavorful, it just didn't seem as ... tender. juicy. mouthwatering. seasoning was there, but not that extra wow factor. in the salad bar---- cheese was disappointing. asparagus had a sour dressing. Oh! and the bread puffs? they wouldn't let me take home!! so sad. Apparently they nickel and dime. I'd understand if they wouldn't allow a plate of food home, but the complimentary bread basket? we didn't even get a refill and our waiter apologized, saying it was a strict rule, despite that it'd be trashed anyway. I dunno. losing points here, mr. brazzazz.
