Location alone knocks it up a star. Right smack in the middle of the city and we walked to everything from Millenium Park to Navy Pier to the Hancock Tower and surrounding shops. (We logged 30 miles walking those few days!) The bed is super comfy which is such a rarity when we travel. I always have a wrenched back whether we stay in a hotel or private residence so it was nice to wake up refreshed. Jackie at the front desk was nice as were the valets and one particular bellman. Some of the other front desk staff could take some cues from them. Check in was super fast and we didn't even do the online check in.  The cons: We wondered why housekeeping had it cranked up to 84 in there when we checked in and we soon found out why. It was not only cold outside but cold in the bedroom as well. The headboard is part of this huge uninsulated box that feels like wind is whipping up into it and when it's 20 degrees outside with wind gusts, that makes for some teeth chattering when trying to get some sleep. I froze the whole time and we had to put the thin extra blanket against the headboard in a vain attempt for relief. Between the vent directly above the toilet that connects you to your neighbor so you can hear *everything* and they can hear you too (good luck doing #2 without having a complex- one dude would whistle when we went into to bathroom to let us know he was in there. *rolling eyes*) and the adjoining doors between rooms with your other neighbor, I hope you don't value privacy! We heard every word both neighbors said any time we were in the room so in an attempt to get decent sleep we'd close all of the doors leading to the bedroom. The french doors and the really loud pocket door to the bathroom that would bang against the wall with every step you took regardless of where you were in the suite. We had to fold up a paper and pad the bottom of the door. At one point two different nights we thought someone was in our room but it was the neighbors talking. FYI- there is a hospital a block across the street so you will hear sirens all day long (but you shouldn't be in your room that much if you're there for pleasure) but at night it's surprisingly quiet for being right on Michigan Ave. (This could also be because it was 10 degrees at night when we were there) You also need to close the door to the living room when using the power button in the bedroom or you will be turning on both TV's in the suite not just the one in the room you're in from the waves bouncing around somewhere. All in all, we'd likely stay there again if we couldn't find comparable within 2 blocks or so just because of the location but improving some of those things would be a surefire way to get our repeat business. Before you go, sign up for their free Omni Select Guest program and you'll get free wifi in your room instead of a $10 daily charge. You'll also get 2 complimentary beverages per person for up to 2 people in the morning. We got real used to hot cocoa and OJ for breakfast. They were always right on time. They also give you these weird little shots of some kind of smoothie that my hubby loved but I thought smelled like clay so I wasn't touchin' that stuff! So the free program was MORE than worth it! We also got the parking included package which I think runs between $179-$229 at the time of reviewing depending on the time of year you book. (We paid the high end because we were there at Christmas) It was really nice to not have to worry about self parking and we only used the car one time while there and all was well with the car. No extra miles put on the car ala Ferris Bueller!
