My partner and I recently took a road trip to visit family in Ohio and decided that we wanted to spend a few days in Chicago before heading home. The Allerton caught my eye not only because of its reasonable prices, but also the historic nature of the building. I found the Allerton to be charming and cozy in a way that ultra-modern, sterile feeling hotels just can't be.  We arrived on a Sunday afternoon with our luggage and a helpful gentleman right inside the street-level entrance offered to have our bags taken up to our room before directing us to the second floor to check-in. (We did reserve a spot in a parking garage a couple blocks away simply because it would've costed twice as much to park at the hotel. Some may say that's cheap; I say its common sense). We had reserved a Specialty Suite through Allerton's website and actually received a nice advanced-purchase rate. Upon check-in, we were told that we would be upgraded to a Magnificent Mile Suite at no charge - score! The bell-man delivered our bags quickly after we arrived to our room and was very helpful in getting us situated and answered our questions about the hotel and the immediate area. I was very pleased with the service we had so far received. If I could remember names, I would definitely give a shout-out. Either way, the staff between 5/27/12 and 5/30/12 were very helpful.  The room on the 24th floor was very nice and spacious. The decor was modern but cozy, which continued the theme from the rest of the hotel. Our view from the living area was nothing to write home about about, however, from the bedroom we could see all the way down the street and Lake Michigan in the background. Very nice! I must say that cell phone service was nearly non-existent in the room, but honestly, this was not a huge deal. We of course did not spend all of our time in the hotel, and not being glued to my phone was kind of nice and allowed for some quality time with my partner. And to the folks who complain about the internet fees, room service prices, etc.: There are no surprises. All you need to do is a little reading either before you book or when you arrive to your room. Everything is clearly stated in the hotel information book in your room. If something is unclear, ask! We are very laid-back guys and I have had a difficult time understanding the things some people choose to complain about. The only conclusion I can arrive to is that some people are simply just picky, high-maintenance whiners. If you expected the Ritz-Carlton, then you should pay many times what the Allerton charges for its lovely accomodations in an excellent location and spare everyone your grief in the process. We had a wonderful time in Chicago and would stay at the Allerton again, no questions asked.
