First, a caveat: If a $5 bottle of Great Lakes Edmund Fitzgerald is too expensive for your blood, don't bother opening the great, masculine, glass-and-metal doors. Turn around now. Because surely the craft brews that make up the extensive beer menu - exquisite drafts and rare bottles - will make your PBR-loving self explode. A second caveat: If you are vegetarian, you'll likely leave with a stomach stuffed full of fries and bread and salad - this is not vegetarian paradise. And if you are vegan -- well, don't bother. And a third: If it is Sunday night, and you do not wish to spend $45 per person on dinner (before tax & tip and drinks, though the last time we went, they gave us a DeKonick "on the house"), consider another venue. Sunday night is Sunday supper night, and you will have absolutely NO CHOICE but to order the prix fixe menu that has absolutely NO OPTIONS other than what is being offered. So call ahead. With that in mind.... So, if you don't mind spending a few extra dollars on good beer, are not vegetarian or vegan, are not looking for a meal that will fit within your ramen-and-bologna budget, and have no issues with a volume level that consistently pushes 11, then Publican may be the casual, loud, carnivorous, doting, old-world style beer hall for you. I had NO expectations for our night at Publican. So many bad reviews, so many complaints. So I was pleasantly surprised to find excellent, thoughtful service, pleasant hosts, and good food that didn't break the bank or burn a hole in my wallet. As I waited for my partner-in-crime, I stood at a tall table (ladies...be mindful of your shoes if you are going to have to wait...the floor is a bit uncompromising when you are in heels) and was warmly greeted by a server, who brought me several draught beers to taste before I made my order. He was personable and chatty. When my friend arrived, we were promptly moved to a table (and to our sadness, not one of the corrals, which rather intrigued me) and made welcome with menus, water, and bread (from Fox & Obel). Our server was equally helpful and made suggestions. We ended up with a more modest spread than our neighbors, who seemed to be trying everything on the menu. Mussels, frites x 2 (these are actually quite tasty - thick coated fries with a big savory flavor, alongside a subtly flavored aoli), madai crudo, and a waffle stuffed us to the gills. Everything was tasty and satisfactory - I wouldn't say 'great' or even 'excellent' . I'd still take Avec over Publican anytime. And, if you are curious, there are 84 globe lights hanging from the ceiling. I had some time to kill. And that's what caught my eye.
