I love this diner! Okay, they do serve a lot of omnivorous imitation stuff, but sometimes that's what I want. I wanted to see why they were so well recommended and compare their imitation to what I know. I recommend this place to everyone, but especially to new vegans as you make the transition from animal based to plant. I also find that omnivores actually prefer more of the veggie vegan foods to the imitation meat vegan foods. If you are an omnivore and are going to order imitation meat stuff, go in with the mindset of trying something new, otherwise you may end up a bit disappointed. Some imitations are great, others are yucky. I totally understand as I'm not into everyday imitation food (but it makes a good treat sometimes). :-) Understand that you could be waiting outside a while. When we arrived we were told to wait 20-25 minutes. When we were entering, newly arrived people were being told 40-45. They have a few benches in front and a patio in back (I didn't check out the patio). When you arrive, go in and stop just inside the restaurant. Someone will take your name, the size of your party, and how long a wait you will have. I ordered the reuben with a side of mashed potatoes and gravy along with a strawberry banana shake. My husband ordered the country "steak" which came with pesto veggies and mashed potatoes with gravy. He also ordered the chocolate chip cookie dough shake. Break down: *Reuben: I have got to remember to order my food free of cheese. Vegan cheese, at least to me, has a very powerful flavor which can (and did) dominate the flavor. I couldn't taste the thousand island dressing. I ordered the sauerkraut on the side because I wasn't sure I'd like it, but it was pretty bland. Sloppy sandwich, but I still enjoyed it. My husband really liked the bit he tried. *Mashed potatoes with gravy: I almost divorced my husband and was ready to marry any employee there who could replicate them. So. Flipping. Yummy. My husband also loved his. Highly recommended. *Strawberry banana shake: Amazing! It doesn't say strawberry banana shake on the menu, but when I saw strawberry I asked if they could make strawberry banana and she said yes. Even my husband, who usually thinks banana overpowers most foods, thought it had the right strawberry/ banana balance of flavors. Highly recommended. *Country "steak": It is made with seitan. My husband loved it, and I loved the piece I tried. Reminded me of mock chicken leg only better then the kind they give you in school for lunch. Highly recommended. *Pesto veggies: meh, plain even with the pesto. *Chocolate chip cookie dough shake: My husband almost divorced me and was ready to marry any employee there who could replicate it. His eyes absolutely lit up when he tried it, he said it was the best chocolate chip cookie dough shake he's ever had. I tried a bit and loved it. I usually can't find a good vegan liquid/ syrup chocolate, but they've figured it out or found it. Highly recommended.
