We (party of 5) went to Le Colonial twice in the last two weeks because the first visit was great. All of the dishes we had on both visit were exceptional and perfectly seasoned. Can't complaint about the food at all. The server on the first visit was great. She was friendly and caring. She always noticed when out glasses are empty and filled it up promptly. She also tried not to disturb our dinner and conversation. It seemed like she read our minds and knew when we need her. The first visit could be a 5-star experience. BUT, I give it a two-star rating because the server on the second visit was horribly rude and didn't care much about us. He was ok until the entrees were served. (He asked us if he needed to explain the menu ~20mins after we got them. By that time, we already went through the menu and decided what we were going to order. But we're kind of easy-going, so it was ok.) After the entrees were served, we didn't receive any attention that a restaurant like this (with this price tag) should give. We needed to call him whenever we need something (e.g. water, wine, etc.). The worst thing happened near the end of the dinner. I'm a slow eater, so when the rest of my party finished their dishes, I still had almost a half of mine. Then, all of the sudden, one of the servers came to us and asked if they can take them out. We were kind of shocked because we didn't expect it while one of us were still eating. So, we all didn't respond, then he started taking all of the dishes but mine. It was too fast (and shocking) for us to stop them. I was pressured by the circumstances and rushed to finish mine as soon as possible. I felt like they wanted us to finish the dishes and get out as soon as the entrees came out. They were only very very very prompt when there were empty dishes or when we need to pay. Also, I don't think it's appropriate for a server calling me "you" and pointing me with a finger. Even those in the Chilli's call me "sir". Overall it was very unpleasant and upsetting experience just because of the service. Up-scale food and price but fastfood-like service. What the heck, I'm not going to go back there any more.
