The World According to Noelle Allergic Girl's Guide to Life HOTEL We stayed at the Chicago Hilton for the majority of our December vacation. Valet, Front Desk, Concierge and Housekeeping staff were always friendly, helpful and efficient. We had a parlor suite that overlooked Grant Park- it was rather large and spacious. There were double doors that led to our suite. Upon entering one will note the bathroom on the left, walking a few more steps one will note the living room on the right with a large sofa, large comfy chair, coffee table and huge wet bar. The wet bar was full sized (with a sink and small fridge) something you would expect to see in someone's home. In the middle of the room was a large dresser with a huge television, built in the middle of the large dresser was a fridge w/ the hotel mini bar. On the left was our King bed and a few steps away from our bed was a large desk. Our room was rather larger. There were two heaters- one in our bedroom and the other in our sitting room. From our suite there were breathtakingly beautiful views of Grant Park and the Lake, everything was covered in a blanket of snow. They also had a cutesy gingerbread house not far from the Grand Ball room. Absolutely gorgeous Christmas Tree and other floral decorations throughout the hotel. RESTAURANT Upon our arrival we ordered room service. Apparently the menu we had in our room was old. We ordered burgers with blue cheese and dessert- apple tart and chocolate cake. The food came in a reasonable amount of time. I noticed our chocolate cake was not on our tray. When bringing this to the server's attention he said- "No, you did not order chocolate cake." My better half asked him to look at our ticket and low and behold we did order the chocolate cake. The server said sorry and left to get our cake. It took forever for the chocolate cake to arrive. Upon closer inspection of the apple tart- we noticed the tart portion was uncooked. We sent the apple tart back and ordered the apple pie. The apple pie was dropped off quickly. Upon careful inspection we noticed more than half the crust of the apple pie was missing. So we sent back the apple pie. They really did a mess-up job on the desserts. The customer service was lacking. We called room service to speak with a manager and the person who answered the phone said we were not allowed to speak to the manager. That is when we decided to call the front desk and speak with the general manager on duty. The GM took comped the entire dinner and was sorry for the problems we encountered. We decided to no longer order from room service. GIFT SHOP, ETC Medium sized filled with things that a traveler might forget to pack- floss, nail clippers, nail polish remover. They have a good selection of gifts that sport the name "Chicago". Customer service was friendly. They also have a FedEx located in the hotel. A WORD TO THE WISE For a hotel of this size you would expect free internet. That is not the case. Internet costs around $20.00 for a 24 hour period. Valet Parking is around $53 dollars a day. Self Parking is around $45 dollars a day. Noelle's Notes A beautiful and historic hotel. Presidents Obama and Kennedy have stayed here.
