Specifically, the "Family Dinner" experience. Not super awful, but NOT worth the price - in quality or quantity, or even experientially. - quality - food is barely bad cafeteria quality and the family-style service just facilitates serving pre-prepared items - quantity - sure, you'll leave full. full of cheap white carbs (e.g. bread, rice, and potatoes) - experience - rushed (on a thursday evening), which also gave me the impression that everything was pre-done and the point is to get you in and out. so much for family time. ADVICE: you're much much better off each ordering something different (or even the same thing) and sharing. hopefully your food will be individually and freshly prepared and it will certainly be less expensive. the deets: The menu includes two options for "Family Dinner" and the premise is that if you have two or more people, you can dine as a group for $20.95 each. Both options include filling, but inexpensive appetizers to share (e.g. bread, tatziki, the salmon-y dip stuff (which was bland and looked artificially coloured), a plate of shaved gyro meat on onions, and "flaming cheese") and an individual salad For entrees, everyone shares from a plate of rice with tomato sauce, roasted potatoes, and dolamenes (sp? the grape leaf rolls). The only difference between the two options are: a) chicken + pasta, OR b) lamb + moussaka. Both meats were over-cooked and as a result, dry. These latter items are also served on plates served in the center of the table, so everyone can have a bit, really a bit. Dessert wise, the table shares from a plate of 3 items (e.g. zuchinni (sp?), baklava, and some custardy thing which was actually good). there were 6 of us, but only 4 of each dessert. plus, there were tell-tale signs of plastic wrap squished into the tops of the desserts... i mean, pretend that you tried to give a presentation beyond grabbing from the walk-in fridge rolling rack... * i should add, that i think they're geniuses for sucking us in for the "family experience" - easy, high profit from a truly, authentically, ethnic experience. man, i'm gutted. but full.
