There is bad news and good news about my experience at Zed451 First the bad news...this "one price all you can eat" menu is very good and a bargin at around $49. From cheeses to excellent salads and veggies you can eat a little bit of everything. But the core reason for me eating at this establishment was for the meat. For the most part all the meats that were served were dry except for the duck breast and sirlon....the fish, pork, etc....were all dry and very few were med rare which I requested and was a huge disappointment. In addition, a wine steward (very young I might add) asked if I wanted to try a Spainish red as I was already having a glass with dinner. I agreed and she pulled a glass from a table close by....just before the moment of pouring she noticed the glass was dirty and proceeded to get another glass. At that moment I noticed a lipstick mark on top of the 2nd glass and told her it was also dirty....but she continue to lower the wine glass and I moved the glass at the same time...spilling wine on the table...needless to say this place should have folks polishing silverware and glassware before every opening and throughout the evening which they don't seem to be doing! The good news is that the service it top notch. I had multiple people consistently inquire to my meal and ask additional questions even though I was by myself. The next bit of good news is that if you dine you should be able to access the rooftop deck ahead of folks waiting in the bar. This deck area seems to be one of the best in the city. Raymond came by during dinner and inquired to when I wanted to access the deck and would look for me when I began to head up to the deck. He took care of me and my guests to ensure I was seated in a great area. The cocktail waitress was less than stellar with their service, so I get the impression they are a bit understaffed for that section of the establishment. The place does attract a mostly 30's-40's locals and a good mix of casual and business casual which is quite refreshing as there are few of these places around that are not full of tourist. In conclusion I think Zed451 is a "good" place, though at the prices and popularity they lack some very basic and key things I think are important in receiving a higher rating. They are fixable, though I doubt these gaps will be closed any time soon as the business has no way of receiving feedback unless you do it immediate at the restaurant. Their website does not provide any such capability.
