Oh, Brazzaz. How I love you. You are a prince among Brazilian steakhouses, you really really are. First of all, I just plain love Brazilian steakhouses. I mean, a Brazilian steakhouse would have to try REALLY, REALLY HARD to get a rating lower than four stars in my book. But still, I just love Brazzaz, and I think it deserves its five-star rating. The food at any Brazilian steakhouse is overwhelming, so let's break it down by category: THE SALAD BAR: Wow. Just plain... wow. They have quite an array of food here, and it's definitely not all just your typical run-of-the-mill "salad" options (although they do have those). Hands down, my favorite salad bar item every single time is the chicken salad. It's scrumptious. It's scrum-diddly-umptious. It's... the most perfect chicken salad I have ever tasted. Anyway, moving on. The insanely wide range of salad bar options includes tomatoes and buffalo mozzarella, marinated artichoke hearts, cold steamed broccoli and aparagus and sauteed mushrooms, marinated green beans, raw oysters (my boyfriend's favorite part -- I think he ate about 30 the last time we came here for dinner), sushi rolls (good, but a little spicy for me because I'm a wuss), tortellini in cream sauce, mushroom risotto, chicken marsala... honestly, the list goes on and on. You could make a meal out of just the salad bar alone. THE SIDE DISHES: Okay, first of all, let me just admit that I once ate 15 of those little rolls that they bring you. The last time we ate there, my friends instructed the waiter to bring an entire basket of them for me specifically. I know you're supposed to come to a Brazilian steakhouse to gorge yourself on meat, but wow. The little cheese rolls are just incredible. Warm and fluffy and delicious. The other side dishes are yummy too, especially the fried bananas, which taste like dessert. The mashed potatoes are really good and creamy, and the fried polenta is smashing. You can also request rice and beans, but I don't think we've ever done that. THE MEAT: Ahhhh, the main event. My favorite favorite favorite thing is the bacon-wrapped chicken. I know, I know, I know, it's the beef that's the big deal. But I can't help it, I love the way the bacon makes the chicken all tender and tasty, okay??? I also really like both the top and bottom sirloin. My boyfriend loves the garlic beef. And I used to really like the filet, but they started serving it in chunks instead of slices, which I don't like as much (because I'm picky about how well-done my meat is). Oh, bonus, they serve pineapple too... SO SO GOOD. Also tons of other cuts of beef, lamb, pork, chicken, sausage, even shrimp (which we cleaned one gaucho out of entirely when he visited our table with a full load... awesome!) -- basically way too much food, but can there really be such a thing as way too much food? I think not. Yes, they serve dessert and drinks, but we've never wasted any of our valuable stomach space on those things, so I can't review them here. I'll stick with water for my beverage and fried bananas for my dessert, thank you very much! Fogo de Chao is fabulous, too, and will be reviewed soon. I haven't been to Sal e Carvao yet, but I will...
