On my holiday weekend to Chicago, I planned for XOCO to be my first food stop. After reading all the reviews, I was expecting to brave the cold for at least an hour in a line that was out the front door. To my pleasant surprise, people must have been staying in cause of the sudden rain and departures for Christmas, so we came in and immediately were reserved a table while we ordered! The cashier was a very nice guy, who recommended our first selections at XOCO. To start, we ordered guacamole, which was already at our table when we finished ordering and walked over to it--how nice! This was more than enough for two people (even had leftover chips, and they gave us fresh pico de gallo to go for free!). Really, really tasty stuff but got a few chips that were too salty. We also got the ahogada, as it is highly acclaimed in these reviews. It's the pork one with an upside down torta in a tomato broth. They split it between the two of us in two bowls. It was a great sandwich with some fresh heartiness to it, but I thought it was a little overpowered by a dull, one note taste from the broth. I think this torta's overhyped and nice in concept that you can dip it and make it soggy, but it was just OK. The carnitas soup was really great--hearty and refreshing at the same time--also easily spilt between two people. It was like finding little surprises inside...not only were there potato dumplings inside, there were silky bites of avocado, crispy pork, and then a nutty arugula to finish up the bite. All very well combined. Could be because of the two items I tried, but found that after finishing it all everything just tasted the same and missed sort of different flavor profile. We finished with churros and the chocolate dipping sauce, which was so, so good. I don't think it was anything different from a good churro elsewhere--the difference is, quality quality ingredients in a fast-food like setting! If you come as a couple, get the guacamole (without devouring it all), churros, a torta and soup to split and you'll be full.
