Kinizie was great! My boyfriend and I made reservations at Kinzie on Nov 19 through our hotel concierge around 1:30 pm on Nov 19. By the time we arrived 30 minutes late for our 6:30 pm reservation, we were engaged! Our concierge called to inform them of our exciting news, and the wonderful maitre d', Ryan, greeted us as soon as we walked in the door and gave us special treatment throughout the evening! Ironically, I was the one who insisted we make reservations, yet I had no idea of our impeding engagement! Partway through our meal, Ryan came over to check on us and asked to see my ring, asked about the proposal, etc. Then he shared with us that two years ago on the same night he proposed to his wife! How wonderful! It was very touching that someone we didn't even know was so genuinely excited for us! We began our meal with drinks - I was drinking the excellent Silver Mer Soleil Chardonnay and he chose the mojito (his go-to drink). I was really impressed with both, a great suggestion on the part of our server since i normally drink pinot grigio! For appetizers, we had the herbed baked goat cheese and wild mushroom & gorgonzola cheese torte. Both were wonderful! My taste buds were going crazy and I was so ready for my main course - risotto! Unfortunately, my risotto never came. This is where Kinzie loses a star. Instead, the server came over nearly thirty minutes after I had ordered and informed me that it could not be made without the chicken stock. When I ordered, he was very clear that it could be done "no problem" so I was pretty disappointed and a little choked, but luckily nothing could ruin my mood because of the new, giant, sparkly rock on my finger! Instead of the risotto I ordered the Portobello Ravioi. DF had the 12 oz filet and we shared sides of Brussels Sprouts and Asparagus with Hollandaise. His medium-rare fliet was cooked perfectly and, in his own words, "mmmmnnnn." I'm a sucker for pan-fried Brussels and once again, I was very satisfied! I can never say no to asparagus, and it was cooked perfectly and served with the Hollandaise on the side for dipping - which I promptly drizzled all over the gorgeous green stalks! For dessert we shared the profiterole. One of our most beloved Italian favorites, these were quite good but not the best we've ever had. Still, no complaints! We were served complimentary glasses of rose champagne with our dessert which was a nice little touch to help us celebrate our special occasion! After dessert, Ryan once again came over to chit chat. He was asking what brought us to Chicago, etc. We had a nice 5+ minute conversation with him, he examined my ring and told my fiance "great job!" etc. He insisted that we let him know next time we are in town, not just to come into the restaurant but to grab drinks together. Now that, my friends, is service. It's a beautiful thing when you can bond with a restaurant employee to the point where you would like to hang out with him/her after your meal. So thanks, Ryan, for helping to make our special day even more wonderful! See you next time we're in Chicago!
