What is all the rave about with a tough-ass steak that never changes form no matter how much you chew it?Our night at Las Tablas started with the hostess telling us there would be a half hour wait...no problem. That turned into a little over an hour...fine, I can deal. We were lucky enough to finally get a seat at the bar after waiting about 45 minutes. Had an opportunity to try one of their drinks: Colombian rum with muddled strawberries and brown sugar. It was quite good and refreshing, though I couldn't taste the brown sugar at all. After being seated, we tried the Empanada Combo Plate: two each of chicken, beef and cheese, all of which were good. These were accompanied by a green sauce (Chimichurri?) which was good as well. The menu stated that two sauces were served with their meals. We received only the green one.Here's where our experience goes really south: For an entree I had the combo skirt steak and grilled "calamari". The menu should have really just said "whole squid" because that's what I got....and it wasn't the leg or tentacle part, it was the big 'ol fin part...two of them to be exact. Being a bit shocked and a tad repulsed, (I was kinda feelin bad for the little guys with them being in true form and all) I tried it anyway. It was thick and very chewy with no flavor whatsoever. Although my steak was cooked perfectly and had GREAT flavor, it was crap as far as quality/texture. It could barely be cut with the knife and there were several bites that I thought I was for sure going to choke on. What ticks me off even more is that this is their "highly recommended" specialty that everyone seems to love. Seriously people? For an extra 10 bucks I could have gotten a decent filet elsewhere. I don't even know what I was thinking going into this place. After all, its JUST a p.o.s. skirt steak. Oh, and it came with a bland half-a-potato and yuca. The plantain was tasty though.Service and ambiance were good. Nothing to bitch about here.Overall, I would not go back and would not recommend Las Tablas. Tango Sur blows this place away...and they have Filets!
