Quite possibly THE best restaurant in Chicago! Rick Bayless is the bomb! I'm sure everyone has different criteria for what a great restaurant is. For me, it's food quality, creativity, consistency, atmosphere, and "legacy" - its impact on its visitors. Frontera has it all. Frontera is a cornerstone of the great food culture with which Chicago is blessed. When you walk inside, you see two large rooms painted in warm earthtones and decorated with Mexican art. The crowd is moderately loud, and there's Latin music playing. It's elegant yet casual. You'll probably see a huge line of people waiting to get a table as well. A good sign of a great Chicago restaurant (fancy or not) is the size of the line! To avoid the wait, try going at 5pm or 9:30pm (when real Mexicans eat haha), or hit brunch before 11am. I usually go sit at the bar area, which also has tables and is seat-yourself (and perhaps beg someone for their table when they leave). Though the last time I sat down in the dinner area, Bayless was at the table next to me, and Mayor Daly was in da house too! Frontera is apparently home-style dishes from various parts of Mexico, with a modern, upscale twist. The dinner menu changes every month. In fact, Bayless takes his staff to Mexico every summer to teach as well as to learn new recipes. Every dish has such deep and rich flavor. Some of the staple dishes on the menu are great - the enchiladas de mole poblano (their super famous mole), the duck breast, the pork loin with mole verde, the carne asada,  I love to try their specials. Their brunch menu is great too, especially their tortilla soup, the pozole, and the corona azteca. Oh yeah, don't forget the appetizers and drinks. They make three great ceviches and many great margarita/martinis. And perhaps the best dish is the most simple dish - guacamole!!! I am in love with it!! There's some special twist to it - extra citrus flavor and maybe sun-dried tomato - but it's amazing. Can't believe I pay $8 for it haha. Can you tell I'm in love with Frontera? Maybe one restaurant which could be better is its next door, "fine dining" sister Topolobampo. But why pay more and try to look stuffier when you already have such greatness next door at Frontera?
