I may be in love with Italy and all things and people Italian. Hmm? You know I've never been? Well, well well, Signore, you must not know that I've been to Piccolo Sogno. So, THERE! We pull into the parking lot for an early dinner at the very Chicago intersection of Grand and Halsted and are greeted be 2 sparkly-toothed men in valet jackets who whisk away our American (ok, Japanese) car and open the door to a quaint bistro in small-town Italy. Piccolo Sogno, fittingly translated "Little Dream" welcomes you with a cozy and "just dim enough" ambiance. The beautiful Italian hostess ushers us to our table where our beautiful Italian waiter greets us immediately with more sparkly teeth and a wine list to top all wine lists. Wine? Well, when in Italy... We started out splitting the beet salad. While we assumed splitting meant one plate, 2 forks and fighting over the last bite, the kitchen graciously spit it for us on 2 perfectly-presented plates. Mr. beautiful waiter placed the salad in front of me and my breath caught on the beauty of it all. Who would have thought a salad could take my breath away? Multicolor beets, light green shaved fennel, fresh and creamy buffalo ricotta and just the perfect amount of cherry red balsamic vinaigrette. An assault on all my senses: spectacular. Dinner was mushroom pizza for me; paper thin Italian pizza dough with the perfect crisp and drizzle of truffle oil and the creamiest of all mozzarellas. The rest of the table's pastas left us all with dazed and happy looks as well. Homemade gnocchi, fresh sauces, perfect portions to savor. Dessert: Holy Hazelnuts. A pretty little plate with chocolate hazelnut lava cake, hazelnut gelato, and drizzled with creamy chocolate sauce. A sinful dessert. Our waiter was attentive to perfection but not hovering. The rest of the wait crew hid silently somewhere to exchange my forks, fill my water, and give me a new napkin before I could realize I needed any of this. The restaurant is small but just safe of too cramped. Ask to sit in the dining room because the bar area seemed less.. authentic (and loud). Mr. beautiful waiter told us excitingly that in the summer the back room opens into a beautiful patio--one of the largest in Chicago. I can't wait to dine alfresco in my home away from Italy! My little dream. Yes.
