Meli in Greektown is one of those places I have walked past a million times and never even taken notice from the outside. Maybe it's the unassuming vibe that keeps it under many people's radar? Who know, but that's my story and I'm sticking to it. My party happened to arrive around 9:30 Saturday morning and I expected there to be a wait. However, we were lucky enough to be seated immediately by the gracious hostess. In no time, we had our glasses of water and menu in hands. Because it was my first time here, I really wanted to make sure that I chose something that I haven't had at so many other breakfast places. Since the place is called Meli Cafe and Juice bar, I knew I had to also order juice/smoothie. I settled on the "Avocado Scrambler" and the "Mango Blast" smoothie. The "Avocado Scrambler' had: avocado, black beans, jalapeno, tomato, pepper jack cheese. I love spice and a southern kick in my food. The added bonus of avocado being the starring ingredient immediately made it a winner for me. When it arrived, it did not disappoint. If you're timid around heat/spice in your food, do not fear this option. The black beans and avocado rounded out the heat in the jalapeno and pepper jack cheeses nicely and it was the perfect combination of ingredients. The Mango Blast smoothie had: Mango, Banana, Orange juice, Mango sorbet, Frozen nonfat yogurt, and whipped cream. I wish someone had warned me that the smoothie was a meal in itself! The portion could have easily been split by two people if you don't want to take any of your other food home. The smoothie was DELICIOUS. I opted to finish my smoothie before my scramble because I could not stop guzzling it down. I see myself stopping in just to grab a smoothie and go (if staying for a bite is not an option). What I appreciated about Meli was that though it was busy, our food was out in record time. It was nice not to have to wait forever when you're hungry. But, it did not mean that anyone was rushed out. There were tables there who had been there long before we arrived and were still there when we left, and that's nice. To sum up Meli Cafe and Juice Bar: Go for the good food, stay for the incredible smoothie!
