I was in Chicago recently for a business trip. Unfortunately, I did not have much time to explore the city and the various fine cuisines it offers (Taste of Chicago 2011, here I come), but I was intent to sample the Chicago style deep dish pizza its so famous for. Now I've had deep dish pizza before. Houston is a big, diverse town with transplants from New York and Chicago who open up restaurants and bring their local cuisine to our Gulf coast shores, so to speak. I've enjoyed the deep dish Joe's pizza (spinach and sauteed garlic with chunky tomato sauce) at our very own Star Pizza.  So, on our last day in Chicago, I convince my work mates that we absolutely must indulge in a deep dish pizza before we leave. They acquiesce, but not knowing the town and being limited on time, we ask one of the hotel workers what's the best and most conveniently located place? Giordano's was the answer.  Yes, Giordano's is famous. I've been hearing Giordano's this and that, along with Pizzeria Uno when Chicago style pizza is mentioned, even before visiting Chicago, so this sounded like the place. It was two blocks from our hotel. As a last minute option, we ask one of the garrulous hotel valets on our way out and I think he mentions Leona's. But it's a five minute cab ride from where we are and we just want to be able to walk there, then catch a cab to continue on to the airport. Starving and excited, my group and I make our way up two blocks toward Giordano's. We get there after the lunch rush and there's only a smattering of people. We were greeted by a bored hostess who could hardly be bothered. After she seats us, it takes a moment to actually be greeted by our waiter and served. I decide to order a glass of pinot noir. He returns with pinot grigio. I point out his mistake; he disappears again. So begins one of many WTF moments at Giordano's. When he finally takes our order, we tell him we all want the individual deep dish pizzas offered during lunch time only, he informs us they are out of the cheese and spinach options. How can you be out when your lunch period isn't even over, and really, wouldn't you have the shells ready and all you need to do is add the ingredients and bake it? So I could understand being out of spinach, maybe, but the all essential plain cheese?! WTF?! Annoyed, but still patient, our group decides to get a regular pie, half spinach, half veggie. Oh, and before we order, we ask if we can split the check for our group of five. We're advised they can only split up to two checks. ?!?! Another WTF moment. We're advised a deep dish Chicago style pizza takes up to 35 minutes. The menu warns you too. Our VEGGIE pizza and an individual sausage deep dish took about 50, going on 60 minutes. After dispensing with our drink orders, mostly water, except for my glass of wine, the waiter basically disappears. A bus boy drops by at one point and just leaves a water pitcher at our table. I don't mind serving myself water. I'd actually prefer a pitcher or carafe of water at my table, but the way this was offered was just rude. I'm thankful the water pitcher was dropped off, since we didn't see our waiter until waaay past 35 minutes, going on 50 minutes, when our pizza should've been dropped off. Meanwhile, we see a table of five business men who arrived after our group of five, who've all ordered individual deep dish pizzas, get their order first. We address the time issue with our waiter, and he starts with the spiel about the long baking time. Dude. It's going on an hour. This is a veggie pizza. WTF?! We finally get our pizza soon after. It was unremarkable. It was a deep dish pizza with a whole lotta dough and cheese. The spinach was not sauteed with garlic, but just a handful of baby spinach leaves thrown on a layer of cheese then topped with more cheese. The veggie side of the pizza was a couple of bell pepper slivers and mushrooms, but really, just more cheese. The dough itself with nothing special. Not buttery, flavorful dough, but plain ol' white bread. A Pizza Hut pizza would've been faster, better and cheaper than this experience. So, in conclusion, been there, done that, NY-style forever baby!
