Delicious food, quality ingredients, reasonably-priced and interesting wines, and attentive but not over the top service. I am impressed. First, the most important element - the food - was amazing. We started with their version of a caprese salad, which was like a caprese salad on roids. It consisted of creamy burrata cheese, fresh basil and roasted tomatoes on the vine. It was beautifully presented (tomatoes still on the vine) and tasted even better. It left me wondering why I hadn't thought of roasting tomatoes for this classic salad before. FYI, you'll want to order a size of bread to sop up the juices left in the bowl. We next had the giant raviolo, which was stuffed with ricotta cheese, spinach and an egg yolk. It also had a rich parmeseany-buttery coating. I personally love runny egg yolks and think they make almost any savory dish better. This was no exception. Oh My God was it good! But a warning - it's rich. Splitting the raviolo with your dining companion is probably a good choice. We moved on to the ragu of the day, which was made with Berkshire roasted pork and was served over mascarpone polenta. Now anytime there is creamy polenta mixed with cheese, I am on board. Add slow-roasted pork? Yes, please. This was the perfect hearty dish. My husband and I split a small order, which was around $12, and it was just the right amount. We also tried the fruit & cheesecake dessert (can't remember the name of it right now), which to me tasted like a suped up pop tart (in a good way). It was served in a mason jar, which I thought was a fun touch. For wines, we had a quartino of Falanghina and another of Dolcetto. Both were extremely reasonably priced and went well with the food. The wine list is inclusive of many regions in Italy (which is awesome - I hate Tuscany-centric wine lists - enough with the Chianti already!). The retail pricing of the wine with the $7 corkage fee is a genius idea. And speaking of prices - you can tell that this place opened during a recession. You will be hard-pressed to find anything on the menu over $15. We had all of the food I mentioned above, plus the two quartinos of wine and our total bill was about $68 (so $82 with tip). That is a steal! The ambience of the restaurant is cozy, unpretentious and warm. Our server was genuine and attentive without being annoying.  These guys have it figured out.
