90 Miles.... Shoot, I'd swim (or row, row, row my boat) 900 miles straight across from Key West if I knew I'd be getting outstanding grub like this everyday. Seriously. So worth the dehydration. I'm not really a mathmagician so I'm not going to estimate the mileage from Cuba to Chicago... but the fabulous Cuban flavors that have made their way over to this desolate stretch of Clybourn - in an old hot dog shack no less - have lost positively nothing in translation. Take one step in the kitchy snack shack, then take a deep breath... Smell that? It's like liquid gold up your nose. Those scents of authentic dishes simmering away... plaintains, yuca frita, empanadas, pork, rice and beans transport you somewhere tropical and so far removed from Chicago, it's the best vacation you could ask for this close to home. I'll go out on a limb and confidently say you'll enjoy anything you order here... there's something for everyone, even you hard-to-please picky eaters. Big highlights for me were all of the empanadas (especially the one with guava), the lechon (pork) dinner - so tender, so flavorful - and the bistek (steak) dinner with loads of garlic punch and amazing onions saddled up to the best and tangiest black beans I've ever had. My wishlist for the next visit includes a few of those famed sammiches... especially the Media Noche w/ ham, roast pork, swiss cheese, pickles and mustard on sweet bread. Shut Up! I die! Now, who's comin' with me? And lest I forget to mention the service. Shame on me. It's amazing. Alberto, the owner, works the counter effortlessly in true salesmen style... not to say he's sleazy (not with those good looks, Darlin'), he's just incredibly personable, friendly, outgoing and 100% invested in the satisfaction and feedback of his customers. The charm certainly gets him far, however, the suggestions that were made, knowledge of the food and culture (and my free caf con leche) really sold me on a total package experience. Can you tell the ropa vieja wasn't the only thing I liked at 90 Miles??? Two very enthusiactic thumbs up.
