The name of this restaurant really caught my eye which is why I wanted and convinced the people I went to Chicago with to go to The Purple Pig. Even now, when I think about The Purple Pig, or pig in general, my mouth salivates like waves crashing on ocean floors. I loooove pig! A great thing about The Purple Pig, aside from their awesome food, is that they're open late. Love it, especially when the clock is still ticking in West Coast mode. When we got to the restaurant late at night the hostess was as cool as can be and accommodating. We had her play musical chairs with us because the family style tables weren't to my liking. More on that later. As for our waitress...well, I'd put her in the Top 10 servers I've ever had considering the demand in our orders, the number of times she check up on us, the multitude of times our water glasses were refilled without asking, and the time taken to explain the dish when delivered. Simply, Bravo! A true show of how many in the industry should be but aren't except in a few high end restaurants. Of the food we ordered, a few stood out, but everything was delicious! Here's what we had: - PIG TAILS BRAISED BALSAMIC - ROASTED BONE MARROW W/ HERBS - MILK BRAISED PORK SHOULDER W/ MASH POTATOES - SALTED ROASTED BEETS, WHIPPED GOAT CHEESE & PISTACHIO VINAIGRETTE - CHORIZO STUFFED OLIVES - BURRATA PUGLIESE, PEPPERS & GOLD TOMATOES - '05 BODEGAS MAGANA "DIGNUS" I'm all about bone marrow. The Purple Pig's bone marrow is really good, albeit, not as good as my LMOE locale. I'd order it again though...no doubt! I would also recommend the pits tails. Yes, it might sound disturbing to the unadventurous, but if you open up your palette and mind...it's freaking awesome. Without a doubt though, the salted roasted beets, whipped goat cheese & pistachio vinaigrette dish stole the hearts of myself and my table mates. It's a safe assumption that we all frowned upon ordering this dish, but when it entered our mouths we were all awestruck with immense goodness and were left speechless. Thank you Yelpers that recommended this dish. I personally, hate beets, one could say terrified of it, but that particular dish was memorable. The reviews on this dish are mixed, but if you like beets...give'm a try. The chorizo stuffed olives and burrata were pretty good as well. Olives, when done right, is a thing of beauty. We closed our meal with the milk braised pork shoulder w/ mash potatoes. Now, I don't know if it was because we were incredibly stuffed already, but I didn't care to much for this dish. The appearance of the dish just wasn't pleasing to the eye. The pork itself dissolved in my mouth like butter. Incredibly tender, a little tasty, but with a full stomach already, maybe not the wisest decision to order. With all this goodness we had we accompanied the dish with a moderately priced wine, their '05 Bodegas Magana "Dignus". I'm not a great expert on wine, even though I was a former bartender, but I know what I like. The Dignus was definitely something worth trying. At first, when you sip it and swallow it, it feels bland, but later the flavors starts to burst it your mouth, and soon the berries and currants start to take control of the hint of oakiness that disguised the wine as something worth trying. Why 4-stars and not 5-stars if I like The Purple Pig so much then? Well, I hate family style seating. Yes, it's a Euro thing, but homey don't play that. I don't need a complete stranger next to me when I eat my food. I've done enough of that to last me a lifetime. Thankfully, a booth opened up that we transferred to hastily. ...one little piggy, two little piggy, three little piggy, four. five little piggy, six little piggy, seven little piggy...who wants more!
