Everything started out wonderful-- 1. Free valet parking, yeah! 2. Walk up to desk around 8:30pm and are sat promptly in... 3. a secluded room, or I suppose a private dining car with covies with bottles of wine 4. The server whose name I fail to remember was courteous and kind 5. Complimentary pizza bread, which was delicious. 6. A very reasonably priced and delightfully light and well balanced bottle of prosecco. 7. Light, live violin and guitar music in the background Then everything went downhill extremely fast, like mustang no brakes fast. So I don't get veal very often, or I suppose I am not inclined towards veal very often but I was feeling adventurous so I went for the veal saltimbocca with the house salad and minestrone. But before that my boyfriend and I chose the cheese and grape plate, our server sold us with mentions of honey and apricot with imported cheeses and fresh grapes. Then it comes out and we look dolefully at the result. There are four types of cheese, two that we can identify--parmesan (which I would not choose to eat by itself) and bleu/gorgonzolla(also something I think of as a garnish, but hey I'll try just about anything). Also there are purple grapes (some green might of added some acidity) which are inherently sweet, honey (super sweet), and not apricots, but marmalade ( sweet and not the same) --a lot of sugary flavors--so strange. Then the cheese were not paired with any consideration of the accompaniments. Only one of the cheese went well with the honey grapes and marmalade. The rest were just eh, not special, delicious, or remotely exotic. So at this point we haven't even ordered our entree. I also prefer to order my entree right around when my appetizer or before, but hey I can't hate on a different idea of pace. Anyway, we finally order after we finish the app, or at least as much of it we were gonna stomach. Salad was drowning in their Italian, I can't even finish it. The soup is mushy, kinda like old people mushy. I like minestrone that has some fresher aspects to it, even olive garden has better. So we move onto veal saltimbocca, it was gamey and had none of the tender saltiness that I love about veal. It was really bland , I can't even remember what it even came with. That's how boring the dish was. My boyfriend got a chicken dish, I believe the pollo Monte Carlo. He wasn't thrilled with it and just picked at it. It just seemed old fashioned and out dated. Then the super bold break between the clearing of the plates and inquiry about dessert which gave us a chance to change our mind, and not let them destroy tiramisu for us too. The bill was not terrible but it just wasn't that great after all the hype. Not going to disappoint myself again.
