When I was last in the Land of Lincoln, my brother took me here for dinner. Well, he picked the place anyway. We got in around 8PM on a Saturday and were quoted 90 minutes for a table, or first come first serve at the bar. We put our names down and enjoyed a couple of drinks while we waited to grab some seats at the bar. It turns out that it took a bit over an hour for us to get bar seats, and when my brother went to tell the hostess that we didn't need our name on the list, she said our table was ready, if we wanted to sit there. We decided to stay at the bar, since we had been scoping the seats for so long. First I'll tell you about the cocktails - from what I had, the Bitter Bourbon Buck, and an Old Fashioned, they know what they are doing in this realm. The former was novel to me, but quite tasty - I might try to recreate something like it at home! The latter was a very good entry, as one would expect from a craft Old Fashioned in the midwest. I wouldn't mind trying more cocktails, on a future visit. As for the food, it was generally very good - we worked our way through the following: Buffalo Frog Legs - this was fantastic, awesome sauce, and deliciously succulent meat.  Duo of Foie Gras - this was by far the weak link. There was too much fat in this presentation of Foie Gras Hot Chocolate (sounds great, bug I don't want to repeat the experience) and seared Foie Gras on a funnel cake. Fat on Fat and Fat in Fat is just a bit too much. Pastrami Cured Sweetbreads - strangely I was just telling someone that Sweetbreads was around my least favorite food. Don't get me wrong, I'll eat them, but generally I would prefer to eat something else. These were delicious, however. I'd eat them again in a heartbeat (or a gland beat?) Pot Au Feu - I prefered the foie gras in this dish to the presentations earlier in the meal, but overall, it was a deliciously composed homey dish. to round it out, for dessert: Chocolate Rum Baba - just the right of chocolately goodness to finish a rich meal. Overall, it was worth the wait, but I think I'd try to arrive earlier in the future.
