Went to Carnivale for Restaurant Week, and it definitely delivered. First, lets start off with the place. Lively and festive, there was a live band playing music by the bar, and the decor was nice and bright. The energy was great, and the space and atmosphere was awesome. 4 stars for decor and ambiance. We hit the bar before we were seated, and really enjoyed said live music and their bar. I had a solid Caiprinia, and my gf had a Hypnotiq drink they were marketing that night. Both good drinks, but 2 drinks for 23 bucks.. 3.5 stars on the bar area... a bit pricey, but that's what your here for.. so expect paying that kind of price. Let me take the time now to rate the service. 5 Stars... it was awesome. Our server, whom I wished I got his name, was awesome. Despite a crowded room, he was very pleasant, never rushed us, gave us recommendations off the Pre Fixe menu, cleaned our table, and refilled the water and replaced silverware with impeccable timing and grace, and definitely spaced out the food pacing perfectly. That guy was on his game.. almost ninja-like, and it made our experience so much better. He deserved his generous tip, because that was some awesome service. The first course consisted of a salad with apples, walnuts, blue cheese and it was pretty good. The black bean soup was good too. 3 stars there, solid.. but nothing amazing. It is the first course after all. We ordered off the pre fixe and got a trio of ceviche's. the Mixto, Tuna, and the Scallop ceviche. It was recommended by our server, and man was that some good ceviche. 4 stars, tasty, bright, packing a bit of heat to play off the citrus notes. Our main course selections were the lomo saltado, and the fish, I think it was char. Really good dishes both of them... great tasty takes on the dishes. Nice presentation, balance of flavor, and it made us full, but not overstuffed. So good portioning. 4 stars. For dessert, they ran out of the bread pudding.. so we ended up with chocolate flan, and some brownies with coconut ice cream. Really good, although I preferred the brownie's over the flan. But both were rich and delicious. Overall, this is a solid 4 star place, really great and I can't wait to go back again.
