Honestly, this is really a 2 1/2 star place, and I was inclined to lean toward just 2 stars, but Whitney was such a terrific and pleasant server, she saved the 3rd star. With absolutely no recognizable beers to choose from, we asked for several different samples, and Whitney was just as pleasant as could be about accommodating us. She was also very accurately knowledgeable about the drinks and menu items, so this is an example of my thesis about how so many non-food items affect our star ratings. Managers, take note.  I have nothing new to add to other reviews about the decor, which was, indeed, pleasant enough. Also, I'm happy to report that this is a restaurant with music in the background that does not intrude at all on easy conversation. The lighting level, as mentioned in other reviews, is way too dark for easy reading of the menu, and I'd encourage management to supply servers with those small pocket flashlights (two of our party had their own, which saved an otherwise intolerable situation). One other non food related (mild) criticism, is that Gilt has its menu, with prices, on its clever website. It's only been open 4 weeks, yet the actual menu is priced somewhat higher than the one showing on its website. How difficult could it be to adjust the website when raising prices on the paper menu? It felt a bit dishonest, actually. As two examples, the bone marrow shows as $12 on the website, but sells for $13 in the restaurant. The pork and duck liver toast is $11 on the website, but sells for $12 in the restaurant. There were others, but as I don't have the in-restaurant menu in front of me, I can't remember them all. I know that's not much (though, percentage-wise it is). And, again, that's after being open only 4 weeks. Presumably, that's not something set for an automatic monthly repeat. Though the four of us drank mostly beer, I did have to try an interesting sounding cocktail dubbed Blood and Sand. It included scotch and cherry heering, two drinks I've had occasionally by themselves over the years, but never together. My instincts were right on, it was delightfully refreshing, and I'd order it again if I was ever going to return to the restaurant, which none of the four of us are likely to do. The food just does not make this a destination restaurant, with the exception of the bone marrow with red onion jam on toast points. That was spectacular, and as I work in the loop within walking distance of Gilt, I actually could see myself stopping in after work just for an order (or two) of the bone marrow, and a beer or cocktail. This is probably an appropriate place to also mention to management - you've got some interesting beers on tap there, but you've got to figure out how to make them much, much colder. Just barely refrigerated beer does not make the grade. I had the pot roast, which was actually (I think) a couple of short ribs. I love short ribs, but these were just OK. Nothing memorable, or worth returning for. I didn't taste a companion's paris mushroom and truffle pasta, but she said it was overly salty, and certainly nothing special. She was also surprised by a cream sauce, not mentioned on the menu. Her husband had the gunthorp farm roast chicken, a very plain chicken dish which I did try, and it was not even as tasty as some cooked roast chickens I've picked up at the grocery store. We tried what is described on the menu as "crispy" french fries, and I even asked Whitney to request them extra crispy. Incredibly, these were about as soggy fries as I've ever had. We're talking limp, mushy, and way overly salted. My wife decided that in lieu of a main dish, she would order a couple of the vegetable sides, and take a couple of bites of my pot roast. We all agreed the veggies were forgettable. As disappointed as we were, we did see a bowl of ice cream being served nearby, which looked like a potentially refreshing way to end the meal. We planned to each dip our spoons and share. We ordered the mocha flavor, which could just as well have been plain vanilla. No mocha flavor there at all, though after our collective assessments of the food, that should not have been a surprise. While the menu prices look reasonable at first glance, the portions are not large, and it all adds up. Because Whitney was such a first rate server, we left a generous tip, which made our tab for 4 nearly $200. And remember, that was with only 3 main dishes for four people. Readers, it just wasn't worth it. I know there is an experienced pedigree behind the kitchen, and maybe the food will get better. But, based on the modest number of diners there at the height of a Friday night dinner hour, plus our own assessment of the food, they'd better do something fast.
