I seriously don't understand why melting pot has lower ratings than Geja. We went here last night and we'd been to Melting Pot once. That experience made us buy a fondu set and we loved it. But Geja, although it is a local business rather than a national chain is far away from a good fondu. Price-wise I think both are almost the same but nothing to compare there in quality. Our table was really dark and the staff had to turn a flashlight on for us to show what we are eating and I finally used my cellphone app for that! But well it's a romantic ambiance I suppose so I don't care about that part, BUT the food : *Cheese Fondu : In Melting Pot we could choose from many options, then the guy came there with fresh cheese and other ingredients, mixed them there and the bread, crackers and vegetables were fresh and very nice. Here, we didn't pick the cheese, it was too salty and tasted bad and it was premixed and not fresh. The bread not tasty nor fresh, grapes ok, apples eeeh. no veggies! *The meat: I don't have any complain about the meat quality, there were the same at both places, BUT in melting pot you choose your broth and the guy again makes it in front of you. Here it was already in there before we sit and it was water and oil I guess! nothing tasty and you had to use the various dips to make the seafood and meat tasty. which makes you think why are you even here you could do this in home with brand dips and seasoning sauces! *The chocolate: Again, you have options in melting pot, we chose dark chocolate and Irish cream. It was very delicious with great marsh mellows, rice chips, and fresh fruits. Here, the chocolate was really bad and watery, some crappy cake cubes, and the pineapples weren't even peeled and not cut all the way. Anyway, I was always wondering if this is a good fondu place then how come it has so many Groupons, and deals and certificate, well not anymore! I prefer to pay the $25 extra to melting pot and have a good meal. OH by the way, the next morning our stomach was sick because of the bad quality, and we cooked everything well-done!
