This is one of my favorite places in Chicago. For a long time, I thought I didn't like Chinese food. My boyfriend was always trying to get me to go to Chinese restaurants, but I could already taste the syrupy sweet sauces of the suburban places that we had growing up and that was enough for me. Turns out, I was just ordering the wrong things. Sun Wah BBQ is a bright, spacious spot in the heart of the Argyle strip. You can't miss it--just look for the hanging ducks in the window. And what a duck. When you first walk in, you can order take out from a counter, usually packed with people. You should bypass the urge to get take out and eat in the comforts of your own home, because eating inside is quite an experience. The menu offers a variety of BBQ meats, congee, veggies, noodles, noodle soups and other meat dishes. A really nice aspect to their menu is that most items are available in at least two sizes, which makes it really easy to try a bunch of different things. Get the roast duck, the salt-chicken and the Hong Kong style pork: you won't be disappointed. The Singapore noodles are spicy and feature roast pork and shrimp.  But the thing to get here, the item that pushes Sun Wah into the highest echelons of BBQ is the Beijing Duck. This is designed to feed two, but unless you're really, really hungry then you'll have leftovers. When you order the duck, a server comes with the carving table and carves it tableside, making sure to get nice big pieces of the delicious, salty crispy skin. Kelly-the owner's daughter-was our server and regaled us with stories of her most recent trip to China to learn some secrets of BBQ while she carved our duck. The Beijing Duck is 4 courses: first, duck meat "sandwiches" with bao and pickled daikon and carrots that you make yourself. Then, duck soup made with the carcass of the duck. Duck fried rice and sorbet round out the meal. All this--with plenty of leftovers for only $30! A steal! I have been coming here for about a year now and can honestly say that you won't be disappointed with the food or service if you check it out. This place is awesome for big groups because they have large tables and a huge menu, so you can try lots of different things. Go now.
