It's no surprise that Chicago has a myriad of great restaurants, but service is what sets the exceptional restaurants apart. And after my experience with Geja's a couple weeks ago, I can say that Geja's is just that - an exceptional restaurant with great food and excellent service. Once you walk down those steps to the rustic hideaway, rest assured you will be taken care of. Two nights before my bf's bday dinner, I went on Opentable to book a reservation for two (I know, woulda coulda shoulda planned ahead). After realizing the only available reservations are at 5PM or 9PM on the night of my bf's birthday dinner, I called the restaurant in desperation. Jeff (the owner?) was super nice and accommodating, after listening to me explain that the bf's surprise party is at 10PM and that we can't possibly make the 9PM res, he told me rest assured he will make it work for whatever time I needed. He even worked backwards with me to see how long it would take to get from my apt to the restaurant, from the restaurant to the party! Talk about dedication to his customers! When we arrived, I was just glad we got a table. I had no idea Jeff also included a note in the reservation about preference for a curtained booth! I won't go into details about the decor or food since the previous posts give you a pretty good idea, but the service was amazing. The waiters were knowledgeable, helpful, and made sure we were done with one course before bringing out another. If I had it my way, I would probably have preferred the meat/veggies to be pre-seasoned and marinated before dunking it into the pot, but that's just personal preference. The eight dipping sauces offered plenty of flavor/variety. As the evening progressed, it became apparent the Geja's hospitality just goes on and on. The candle on top of a gratis chocolate drenched pound cake for the bday boy was a nice touch. When we figured out there was alcohol in the chocolate fondue (bf is allergic), we sent it back and the waiter quickly replaced it with a non-alcohol one without any fuss or question. All in all, people come to Geja's for the romance and the experience (except for the four linebacker looking dudes squeezed into a tiny table, still not sure on that one). Fondue is just as much about the experience as it is about the food. While the food is good, fresh, and plenty, (it's fondue people, not Alinea) it's the experience that really makes this place 5 stars. If you're looking for cutting edge culinary ingenuity, stick to W Randolph. If you're looking for a taste of romance, chivalry, and simpler times, this is the place to be.
