When we got engaged, we planned our wedding almost exactly a year out. Being a perfectionist and very organized, I started searching through bridal magazines and websites to plan our wedding. I saw the Palmer House on the first day of looking at venues and knew that was where we would have our wedding. Looking into the Grand & State Ballrooms just took my breath away. We got married on Saturday, June 5th, 2010 at the Palmer House Hilton Chicago. We signed our contract with Mark Coy, a sales & catering coordinator at the Palmer House. While he was pleasant in our meetings and would explain what we would need to do, I never really felt confident in his ability to make our day special. I always needed to initiate questions to get answers and every meeting felt rushed because he had to be out the door by 6pm. He always said "no problem" to everything but then there was a huge problem that finally had me in a bridezilla moment. In our initial room block we asked Mark to substitute two regular rooms for two suites. Well, he put five suites on our block. I had numerous phone calls from my guests that our block was full. I didn't know until after the fact that each suite was taking 2 regular rooms out of our block. In our meetings we always discussed increasing the number of rooms on our block as well. Of course, he said "no problem" based on availability. Well, a good coordinator would have told his client that the weekend of their wedding was also the largest convention in the city of Chicago. So when we needed the additional rooms we heard "sorry we're booked". Never once did he put the fear in our mind that we wouldn't have rooms for our guests. At that moment I definitely knew that I could not work with someone who obviously could care less about our wedding. We also had issues with charging of rooms as well. I think that the rooms manager/department definitely needs some work in this location. Our parents were charged the suite rate of $329, when they were supposed to be charged $289. My mother-in-law was paying for her sister's room, but then they charged her sister's credit card. Being an upscale hotel these issues shouldn't happen. I immediately asked for Jane Himmel to replace our coordinator as I heard she was the best coordinator there. She is AMAZING and was our wedding angel. We had set up a meeting for the next week as this was a Friday. We were actually meeting with our florist on that evening at 6:30pm and she came to this meeting to meet us & go over a few details. I was astonished that she would meet us on a Friday evening and she stayed until the end which concluded at 9:30pm. She had to pretty much start from scratch and had two months to put it together. The next day (Saturday) she emailed us a rough draft of our timeline & had forwarded some spreadsheets to fill out for her which included our parents info & our other vendors. (The only thing Mark ever emailed me was a sample timeline of an early evening wedding and I am assuming I was to put it together) She made us feel like she was going to make our wedding special and not just another cookie cutter wedding that our other coordinator was going to put together. She could tell I was feeling stressed from everything going on and she suggested Claudia Antony, a day of coordinator. Now, I was feeling great and actually enjoying the final months of wedding planning.     Jane got us back on track with our reception and did more in two weeks than our first coordinator did in almost 10 months. We are so appreciative for the amount of time and effort on her part to make all of the details of our wedding reception seamlessly play through the night. She was patient, organized, professional and easily accessible. She stayed through the majority of our wedding and was relentless in her effort to make us happy. We couldn't think of favors and she provided us an idea for what we should do. She guided us through our meal choices, wine choices (as we were not happy with the others offered to us) and came up with a cake option that was magnificent. She surprised us at our reception with keys to the penthouse for our two day stay, our wedding night & the night after. She "WOWED" us time after time. Her job didn't end there as the next day we set up a brunch for 60 people. She had everything set up beautifully in the Honore Ballroom for the conclusion of our wedding weekend. Let's just say Jane went above & beyond in all matters pertaining to our wedding. I am sure there are so many more details that Jane attended to that I couldn't even begin to think about. I couldn't imagine a more beautiful start to our new life together! Thank you Jane!
