Not so sure about this place. 2 stars seems too harsh, 3 stars seems too generous. I had high hopes based on a menu that *looks* slamming but the food didn't really deliver & the 1 and 1/2 hour wait doesn't seem even slightly worth it. Maybe it's all about the beer - maybe that's worth the wait? Well I'm not really a beer person so that doesn't really do it for me. I might have had a better dinner if I weren't trying to be somewhat healthy. I ordered the Thai Chicken Salad, normally I would have gone for something with egg and bacon and pork belly and whatever other amazing *sounding* things they have on their menu but I didn't allow myself that luxury last night and had an average meal because of it. The salad was not bad but absolutely average. I asked for dressing on the side, waitress seemed to indicate it always comes on the side. Thats a shame because what's presented to you is a pile of ice berg, and stripes of COLD chicken on the side. If this were at least normally all tossed together I think the typical salad eater would be slightly more impressed than I was, but again, I wanted my dressing on the side. The dressings were VERY GOOD though, one a sweet chili dressing and another a peanut-y dressing. But really I paid $14 for some good tasting dressing, the cold chicken (why the HELL is this chicken cold? Why?) and iceberg surely aren't worth $14. Anyway. My boyfriend had a burger, I don't know which. I had one bite, I thought it was very tasty, it was definitely cooked medium rare to his liking, the patty itself seemed very homemade, recently formed and cooked. Not some compressed, tough brick of meat. I thought this was good, but again, only 1 bite. My boyfriend who finishes everything only ate half, he wasn't impressed. His side of mashed potatoes were good - they are basically my Mom's glorified potatoes - whipped with sour cream, cream cheese and all sorts of herbs. No complaints there. Our friends had a pizza - they seemed to love it and have been here many times before. At their suggestion we had the soft pretzel appetizer. This was again totally mediocre but not bad. I guess I would try this place 1 more time and just get something unhealthy and see if it delivers but I wouldn't go out of my way to drive over to Logan Square from Rogers Park for this restaurant in particular. I will say our waitress was super nice, and despite this place being packed, didn't make us wait for drinks or food.
