I have a feeling it won't be long until it's very difficult to get a table at this place. I was very lucky to be invited to attend the soft opening this Saturday, and am already thinking about all the people I want to invite here and celebratory dinners I want to have here. The service, atmosphere, and food were outstanding.  I love Mia Francesca and the Purple Pig, so it is no surprise to me that this place is amazing. What is surprising is that it's not just another Francesca's or Purple Pig. This is something altogether different. FIrst of all, the wine. You can buy the wine at the restaurant, but for the same price you'd pay in a store, plus a $7 corkage fee, which they waive on Sundays. This alone guaranteed my return before I had even tasted the food.  Now, the food. Italian, yes, but incredibly sophisticated. For example, the giant ravioli stuffed with spinach and egg yolk. When you cut open the ravioli, the perfectly maintained egg yolk inside cascades out into the waiting brown butter sauce, forming a glorious marriage of egg yolk, butter, and Parmesan cheese. Very impressive. My favorite dish was the pork ragu over polenta, although I was told the ragu will change daily. The polenta is brought to your table fresh off the stove and spread out onto a wooden board. The ragu is then spooned out on top. Lovely presentation. The pork was incredibly tender and perfectly seasoned.   You'd think we would have been full by now, but since the plates are relatively small, we had room to try the pizza with pork belly, potatoes, and egg yolk. The crust was perfect. The potatoes were sliced very thinly, surrounded by little mounds of tender pork belly. The egg was in the middle, and was broken at the table and spread around the pizza so it cooked quickly and blended into the sauce. Again, outstanding. The service was also fantastic. I never wanted for a drop of water or wine or anything else. Our waiter and the rest of the staff were friendly and seemed genuinely excited about the food and wine. No hint of pretension, despite the level of sophistication of the cooking.  I highly recommend this restaurant and can't wait to return with friends and family.
