It's taken me way too long to write this review. My girlfriend and myself treated ourselves to a fantastic meal at Bon Soiree a few months back. Hearing amazing things from many people, we booked a spot for a Tuesday night so that we could experience the Prix Fixe menu. We were incredibly surprised and delighted with just about everything.  The interior is very plain and simple, which to myself, connotes that they aren't trying to scare the common person away with outlandish interior decorating and over-the-top theatrics. Rather, you get that feeling that the food will take center-stage. The host, who was also the executive Chef, welcomed us and seated us at our table. We were immediately surprised with how close and intimate the space was. Interestingly, the space is so small, all of the tables are surrounding the open kitchen. This was nice, because you got a real sense of where your food was coming from and who was cooking it, not to mention you got to watch the action firsthand.  Simply put, the food was phenomenal and beyond a bargain. All of the ingredients were obviously fresh and prepared in a simplistic yet innovative manner. My first course was the lamb dish wrapped in puff pastry. The lamb was evenly spiced and it's richness complimented the buttery pastry perfectly. The spare ribs I had for my second course were dreamy, falling apart and dosed in a cabernet reduction. I finished with the pan-fried bread pudding, which made me moist. Kidding. Why the lack of one star? Well, to tell you the truth, we both thought our server/owner/executive chef was a bit pushy. We came to experience excellent food at an affordable price, but he kept pushing us to upgrade to the $70 11 course meal. We told him we wanted the $40 three course meal, but he continued to pitch us like we were buying a junked-up Toyota on 56th and Western. As well, he wasn't the most pleasant of people and for some reason made us uncomfortable. Nonetheless, that's barely a drop in the bucket when you experience the food that they serve. The fact that it's BYOB is pretty much amazing. I hope the future of Chicago restaurants follow suit with Bonsoiree. Phenomenal food at a phenomenal price.
