I would not recommend dining here. If it were only a matter of the food, my rec would probably be to give it a shot. In fact, we had a number of very tasty dishes. The short rib flat bread, pork belly, mushrooms, and black lentil concoction were all stand-outs. The starter meat plate was very weak (they choose three jamons or something similar for you - none was particularly good); the halibut was not that flavorful nor were the mussels. We did enjoy the desserts a lot. Terrible brewed coffee; the Golden Nugget's is better. However....as a dining experience I wanted to get the hell out of there as quickly as possible, as did everyone at the table. A lot of things to note: * It was a very rainy night and generally S Michigan Ave is a dumpy location for a nice restaurant (maybe all the tourists around don't know better) but no valet parking that we could identify; in retrospect maybe the Blackstone hotel (where it's located) had it but the point is it wasn't in front of the restaurant and we circled for street parking. * As several other reviewers noted, it was way too noisy and pounding house music wore us down through the evening (I actually like house music when it's a great mix; this was really generic). The place was the opposite of hip (if that's what they were going for): it was mostly older couples (guilty!) and a bunch of tourists in shorts and golf shirts (at 8pm on a Saturday, I just don't get that) who probably stumbled over from the Hilton & Towers next door. * The menu was really hard to figure out. I mean, really confusing. Hard to describe without actually seeing it and then having it explained for 10 minutes. Supposedly "everything" was small plate and there was supposed to be some sort of progression (we were told three stages, but nothing on the menu would suggest that), but then you had meats at 3-4 different parts of the menu and generally the price range on these small plates was massive, ranging from ~ $6 to ~ $50. We got it but it took too long. It also led to other problems.... * The service was very mixed. Oddly the restaurant had very few bus boys so it was our server who was always filling our waters. More importantly, we had dirty plates and silverware (this is small plate tapas with lots of different flavors/sauces coming at us) sitting in front of us with no one coming by for more than 10-15 minutes. At one point I insisted on a clean plate and the helper we found brought just one for me and not the others at the table. Re the menu-related issues, we ordered WAY too much because our server pushed more and more food. Not having any sense from the menu of sizing, we ordered a ton and somewhat predictably walked out too stuffed. She seemed to be going by a script that we had to order a certain amount of food at each stage and was a bit aggressive about it. Most aggravating, she kept pushing that we order the $45 8 oz. wagyu beef dish or the $48 lamb chops (four small chops), which by the way were listed up near the small starters and not near the mains at the bottom (?). If she tried to up-sell it once, but it was more than once and as our wives noted, it was all too pushy. For a bunch of reasons, don't eat here.
