I have a few issues with this restaurant. Yes, the atmosphere was casual (servers in jeans) and modern (not my thing), but the service was definitely not top-notch - it went tumbling downhill when we were no longer 1 of 2 tables for our server, and the food was utterly disappointing, with a couple of exceptions.  The wine list had a good range of options for both white & red, and we were satisfied with our pinot noir. Our popcorn was brown butter. Good but not earth-shattering. We started our meal with the risotto and gnocchi. The risotto was completely under-cooked and bland. It was kind of like this: I took 1 bite, uhm...I can't eat the rest of this, but since the portions are SO small, half of the serving is gone, so how shady is it to send something back that is half eaten? So I dealt with it and had the BF eat the rest. These chefs should watch that episode of Hell's Kitchen when Ramsey chews out his chefs for undercooked risotto - isn't that a cardinal sin?  The gnocchi was also very bland - and I felt the textures were way off. And this "fall gnocchi" does not come with an egg. Sadness. Our entrees were better than the appetizers. We had the scallops and the pork belly. There were good parts and not-so-good parts to both entrees. The root beer bbq sauce was unique and candy-like. The oatmeal, not so much. Then after waiting 25 minutes to order dessert (the service was good up to this point), I decided on the deconstructed snicker's bar - with no help from our server. This was the one and only time I asked for her opinion, and she had nothing. Our dessert arrived fairly quickly, but the smashing pumpkin drink didn't get to our table until we had polished off the dessert. Then our server gave us some lame-ass excuse about how the drink is so labor intensive to make. Uhm, I can see right through you, you forgot. The 180 degree move you made when you realized you forgot completely gave it away. All in all, I don't need my food to be fun and playful with play-on words. I need it to taste good and feel that money was well spent. I don't regret my Graham Elliot experience, but I highly doubt I'll be back.
