First off, I heard about Zed451 a few years ago, but never tried them until a few weeks ago for Restaurant week 2012. I'm a serious "Foodie" and I love to dine down town. I frequent downtown restaurants so often that my daughter who is now 11 years old can write a food column because she's been to more restaurants downtown than most adults will visit in their lifetime. My family and friends always call me for the best restaurants, so I was excited to go to Zed451 with my sister, brother, and best friend. I spoke highly of Zed without having tried them. To my shocking surprise they were not impressed!!!I've been to Brazzaz & Fogo and loved them both, but favored Brazzaz because they offered more on their salad bar. Anywhoooo........the ambiance of Zed451 was awesome!!!! But once the waiter appeared it went downhill from there. He never explained to us how the rocks worked, but he did tell us that we could upgrade to the full menu for $48 from the $33 restaurant week menu. My brother doesn't eat any kind of red meat or pork so I encouraged him to upgrade for the variety of fish on the full menu (which he never got all of the fish). The servers were very nice & friendly and one of them actually told us that we put the rock next to our plate when we wanted them to stop, but it took them a very long time to stop after each meat. My best friend was not at the table when the waiter explained what meats we got on the restaurant week menu vs. the full menu, so when the server came around with the ribeye she got a piece. I did explain to her at that point that she could only get the salmon, chicken, and sirloin steak, but we didn't think it was a big deal because my brother was paying for the full menu which included the ribeye and he doesn't eat red meat. However, the waiter came by and saw her with the ribeye and he asked her how was it. He left and we saw him basically scolding the server for serving it to her than he came over and scolded her for trying it and he proceeded to follow the servers every time one of them came to our table. This just put everyone at the table in a funk and the experience keep sinking afterwards. My best friend ordered the same drink (some kind of mojito) that my sister had because my sister thought it was delicious, but when my friend's drink came it looked different and when she tasted it, it was awful so she sent it back.When our bill came the drink that was sent back was still on the bill. We were charged $29 for a brunch instead of $48 for the full menu. Of course were weren't gonna point that out because we thought it would balance out, but the waiter came back and said he undercharged us and he would correct it, which was fine with us. But he grabbed the bill and ran off. So we had to call after him to bring the drink to his attention. He said he would take it off, but he came back with a bill that was corrected by hand and the bill had increased by about $20. He said he didn't want to get his manager involved so that's why he corrected it by hand. We told him that was incorrect because he was overcharging us and I politely asked for a printed receipt and he finally brought one. Keep in mind, I said there was only 4 of us, but yet he charged us 18% gratuity. It was late and we had to leave so we just paid the bill and left.I thought about how horrible of an experience we had because of the waiter and called the manager the next day. She agreed that he should not have charged gratuity and refunded it back to my credit card and offered for us to come back down for wine & cheese. I thought it was a nice gesture, but it wasn't enough to compensate for the horrible service at a restaurant downtown, but I didn't want to discredit my dissatisfaction by asking for a refund because she would have thought we just didn't want to pay. So we chucked it up as a lesson learned and agreed that we will never visit Zed451 again because we have other options in the downtown area and I also discovered Chama Gaucha in Downers where there's free parking, cheaper taxes and I was told better service!!!!
