I love this place. If you have some extra cash, go there. I have used the catering dept. many times and have been so pleased. They actually found two waiters that spoke German for our clients for a party we had on the red witch. Amazing. Jennfer Moser in Catering is a huge help. Always handy with tips and suggestions. The food is amazing, and i have to say two guilty pleasures are the sticky buns and the chocolate mousse. Oh my god........I have not purchased the meat yet, a little out of my price range, but sometime soon. Try the seafood platter if you can! so good or the artisian platter. killer. Try the cheese department. OH my god! I bought the Black truffle cheese and i nearly died. Be really open to try new things when you go. I bought over$50 worth of cheese and I picked up a new tip for my popcorn. I am so addicted to black truffles, we all know this about me, the gent behind the cheese counter told me he tosses his popcorn in truffle oil!!!!!!!!!!!!! COME ON!!!!!!! and i have to say he not only got the sale of the truffle oil with me i am a groupie now. its so good......... i have tried the meat dept and wow. the choice ribeye. so yummy and tender. you cant go wrong. i have to say though and give this story to you. i had bought NY strip steak for a recipe. i didnt unwrap it till two days later for a party. i was making this crazy recipe where you take the meat and rub it with salt for 40 min. it drains all the water out. well when i opened it up it was completely bad. i was in shock. i had less than 3 hours before my guests arrived. i call fox and told the store manager what happened. i was expecting a bad attitude which didnt happen and i say i gave some which i regret. i wasnt rude but very panicked and upset. she said she would send me more meat via delivery! i was so happy. so happens the delviery guy was one of our waiters from our corp party! i was so happy to see him! i showed him the meat and he was horrified. and i offered it back to him. he took it and threw it out for me, and for that i say thank you. i get the bag and not only was their new meat their was a note saying sorry and the most amazing cheesecake as a gift for my guests. now thats service. things happen, but you can expect fox will always take care of you. which is why now i go once a week after this and buy my meat there and some of my groceries. you cant go wrong.
