I know that everyone seems to be completely enamored with Alinea. It was certainly a memorable experience. Probably the most expensive, memorable experience that I never care to have again.  It was incredibly innovative, many dishes were flavorable and absolutely everything is done with the kind of focus and attention that you would expect from arguably one of the best restaurants in the nation. But I do not care to do this again.My parents were in town and I wanted to share something really special with them, so took them to Alinea. Wanting the occaision to be a truly grand experience, we all had the 25 course tasting menu with the sommelier wine pairings. With tip, the bill was over $1,800 for the four of us.Perhaps my feelings about the restaurant would be somewhat different if we hadn't all signed up for the 25 course tasting menu. Even though the courses were tiny - 25 is too much - it was ridiculous. Half way through the meal I just wanted to be done. I actually thought we were done, but it kept on coming. . .The novelty of having cheese made into frozen foam, holding bizarre spheres filled with some sort of liquid in your mouth, eating food off of a suspended piece of wire without your hands, slurping duck liver mouse through a plastic straw, or sampling a perfect piece of beef that is under an impossibly thin piece of Guiness gelatin just wears off after 5 hours of sitting. To me, it all boils down to the experience with duck mole. The previous evening, we had all dined at a little gem of a place called Mixteco, where I had had the duck mole. Simple, elegant, and perfect at Mixteco. The duck was rare, the mole was rich but not overpowering - it was simple in presentation and I loved every bite. Contrast that to course number. . .17 or 18 (I lost count), we were presented with Alinea's version of a duck mole: a large bowl filled with various nuts and spices was presented, inside it was another vessle with the food we were to eat (the larger bowl was meant to simply provide the smells and aromas of a mole, not actually to be eaten). In the small vessle, I dipped my spoon into something that was the texture of mouse - I think it was duck liver mouse (which there seemed to be an over-abundance of on the menu), there was some sauce that was supposed to be a mole, it was mildly bitter, thin, and uninspiring. I just couldn't finish it. In my mind I kept on thinking that the original duck mole dish from the night before was perfect. To molest the duck and fuss with the traditional spices and manipulate it all in a texture that I normally associate with dessert was just wrong. To this day my Dad still jokes about going back to Alinea and having some foam with Alligator eyeballs. (there were no alligator eyeballs, but there were some strange spheres with liquid at one point that pretty much resembled eye balls).What you will get at Alinea will be a totally memorable experience, there's no doubt about it. The service is impersonable, if incredibly timed and attentive impeccable. If you go, try the smaller menu - you and your stomach (and your wallet) will be happy you did.
