I don't like beer. There I have said it...much to the chagrin of my friends I have never been a fan of the liquid. I blame it on my older brothers, but really I haven't given it a far shot and I figured that I made it through my college years without it...why try to change now? The days of it being appropriate to play "flip cup" are behind me and I will get my yeast in the form of bread thank you. This little back-story is needed (I feel) because last night I found myself at HopLeaf...HOME OF BEERS! My friends and I were tried and didn't want to leave the neighborhood for dinner. We weighed our options and they all felt as though they NEEDED a beer, so I went along. It was 8:30 and the wait was one to two hours. ONE TO TWO HOURS???? I HAVEN'T EATEN SINCE 11AM!!! This is what was going through my head, but I tried to hide it. Instead I played with a friend's iPhone and cursed their beers. Because I would be damned if I paid $12 for something I was sure I wouldn't like. My group of five made our way upstairs to one of the many waiting areas and many a beer was ordered. All seemed to marvel at the selection that was to be had (even though there were no drafts because of a flood and/or power outage in the basement)... Finally we were seated around a table and the food was ordered. I am a vegetarian (with pescatarian tendencies) and I was afraid that I would have a hard time finding something on the menu that didn't involve duck or sirloin. I ended up ordering the CB&J, which is a sandwich consisting of fig preserves, cashew butter and grilled cheese. Sound weird? This is what I thought, but let me tell you....AMAZING! Served with a side of macaroni and cheese and homemade fries this was possibly one of the best sandwiches I have had in a very very long time. I kept saying that it was like taking a bite of fall. Friends order the tuna nicoise open-face sandwich, salad special and duck sandwich. All were pleased and more beers were ordered.  Was it worth the wait? Absolutely! But when I go back (because I know I will be) I will make sure to eat lunch a bit later in the day and I will probably try a beer (or at the very least a cider).
