The Crostini Di Avocado is the best thing on the menu! A friend and I decided to stop by on Monday night for the $20.95 four course family style dinner. There was SO MUCH food I recommend having a party of at least 3 or more, for two people it was so hard to eat everything (but I did). I also took the wine suggestion from the server, I was going to order a Zin from the list of suggested wines (not the full wine list) and she suggested another one that was the same price but she liked better. I am kicking myself for not remembering the name but her suggestion was perfect. She let me try both and her's really was the better choice. Food: They bring you bread to your table to dip into the olive oil and Parmesan cheese and it was so hard to eat only one piece but I knew I had so much more food coming. We ordered the Crostini Di Avocado, and I never thought to put avocado basically on a bruschetta but it was delicious. I liked that it had the cheese mixed in and the olive oil was a nice compliment to the avocado. We also had the bruschetta and it was piled high with tomatoes and had plenty of olive oil too. We then had the Butternut Squash Soup and cesar salad. I am not huge fan of squash but there was something interesting going there with a mix of the sweet squash and then a more salty soup base. The cesar was good too, I swear there were anchovies in the dressing (which is something I prefer) so 2nd course down. Entrees: Since we had to order three and there was only two of us we decided to get one dish we both wanted to try then the third was something we randomly picked. My friend ordered the Spaghetti Barese which came with veal meatballs and Italian sausage. The meatballs were some of the best I ever have eaten and I don't normally order a standard spaghetti when I go out. I had the Risotto Pescatore with the seafood and I haven't had risotto like this in 4 years. I remember the exact last time I had a risotto as rich and creamy as this and it has taking me a long time to find another that I love just as much. Our third was, Bass alla Piccata which was a nice compliment to our other heavy dishes. The bass was light and and flaky and the veggies that came with it were fresh and crunchy. By this time I was ready to be rolled out of there and tempted to ask the CFD if they would drive me home but we still had dessert. We had the pana cotta and I realized I have never eaten it before. I could only handle a few bites but the texture was somewhere between a mousse and pudding and ice cream. My friend ate every bite and wanted to lick the plate clean. I am definitely going to make this my go to restaurant when I am in the mood for some comfort Italian. I thought we had to bring the coupon in but they were offering the special to everyone who came in. I also want to try the Wednesday three course dinner. This is a nice way to try the menu.  I also have to say their customer service was great. Everyone was friendly and welcoming and I really felt at home here.
