MAN! I Loved this place...3 years in the hood...WHY did I wait this long to go?? Met my wife and small child at the farmer's market after work on Saturday (don't be fooled...not many framers at this market...just people selling products, not necessarily edible ones - but this ISN'T a farmer's market review, is it!? sorry) We walk in, the place is pretty packed and busy, and....BAM, we are seated almost immediately. Let me just interject that the bummer experience of a bad night at a different nearby local 'rant was still fresh in my consciousness, and I can still see that stressed-out face on the waiter presiding over THAT disaster, poor dude...but no freaked out waiter HERE...instead, we are fortunate enough to have a perky redhead who might be the best waitress working in Roger's Park that night. Kind, helpful, and instead of gazing on a 2.5 year old w/ disdain (oh yeah, that happens), she's engaging him in conversation, getting him crayons and drawing paper, winking at him...I mean, what am I, chopped liver? No...she's good w/ us too! Drinks are out instantly, and I'm just now noticing that they have the wait staff dressed to match the decor - a light milk-chocolate brown shirt that matches the booth upholstery and earthy interior design...why did that impress me so much? I don't know, but you gotta dig lil' details like that, right? There are some other nice design details in this place. Just check out the massive rolling interior door and matching wood-tile-block fireplace. Anyway, I should mention the food in this RESTAURANT review:-) It was a powerful experience! I can't remember what the wife had, because I was too interested in my own time spent with a chicken dish featuring a thick, perfectly cooked, flavorful, crispy on the outside, supremely tender on the inside - chicken breast. By all rights, this shouldn't have been as good as it was...I mean, it's just chicken...I should have ordered something more interesting, right? what's wrong with me. I was tired and didn't want to make decisions, I guess. Good thing! I LOVED it, and I'm ruined now, cause it's the best chicken I've had in recent memory, and I have a feeling many future breasts will fall short of this baby. It was a Gunthorp Farm Chicken. How 'bout that? Nice work, Gunthorp dudes. It was served on a bed of millions of chickpeas...too many for me - there was spinach and goat chease and a couple of beans involved, too, which were all great...but those darn chickpeas, not an especially flavorable pea as peas go, far outnumbered and overwhelmed the other ingredients in the supporting cast. That is the only, VERY SMALL, suggestion I'd have for that dish...smooth out that chickpea ratio out a bit. Oh yeah...the wife got the meatloaf. Did I mention it was bacon-wrapped-meatloaf? That should perk your ears up...cause anything wrapped in bacon just got better because it was just wrapped in bacon. Right? Caramelized onions on top...I would say this isn't your mother's meatloaf, but that feels like I'm in cliche' territory, so never mind. She had better things to say about it than she normally would about meatloaf (my wife, not your mother). Our picky-eatin' two year old found the "mac-mo-ronee" and cheese (his pronunciation, not the red-head's) good enough to eat the majority portion. I snuck in there, too, and checked it myself. Is that real cheese?! Nice. All the while, soft-drink refills were being proffered by the red-headed one, and I just truly dug the whole experience. I took the lil' dude out for a quick breather outside, and arrived back out in the market area just in time to hear a two man guitar/banjo combo do a 98% lyrically accurate rendition of Johnny Cash's "Boy Named Sue", and I just really can't think of a better way to end a great experience at this place. I remember looking at the menu when I first sat down, and thinking, albeit briefly, "hmm...the prices here aren't exactly low" Well, of course I wish they were, but now maybe I get why they're not...and I didn't care. They won me over. PS. They have a great website, and I dig the fact that, not only do they hang original art in the cafe, but they do a nice feature for that artist on their website. I'm a gallery owner, so I think that's a nice move. They aren't just getting free art for the walls, they're respectfully presenting the work, and doing their best to promote it. Props on that point. New Fave Joint.
