Truffle Egg Toast, Fontina and Asparagus. I could damn near end the review right there. One of these was being carried past our table and we immediately ordered one after the busser explained the ingredients. And it was indeed delicate, flavorful and unlike any toast we'd had. How many times have you seen truffled toast offered? The egg inside is a bit runny but has a slightly roasted flavor, which pairs very well with the crisp Asparagus spears that flank it. While the very minimal portions of the cheese board we'd asked the chef to pick were pungent and packed with intense flavor, we thought the Pizza Della Terra which has foraged mushrooms, braised leeks, taleggio and truffle oil was potent enough to launch a mass mating ritual. :) The super thin crust is almost like a soft cracker and the taleggio smelled and tasted like it had been stored under an elderly monk's armpits for a few years... but in a good way. Don't be confused, this pizza deserved it's gourmet designation and then some. It paired well with the bottles of pinot grigio and '09 Tenuta white blend we sipped from. We finished up with a decadent chocolate mousse with some sort of crunchy bottom shell. Very rich and a great way to end a tasty meal. But how did this come to be? After attempting to dine here previously, we decided to walk in this past Friday at about 6pm to see if the wait would be less ridiculous than the 2-3 hour waits that have been had. Since they don't take phone reservations, it's quite a gamble, but paid off this time. We went almost two weeks ago, was put on the list but never received a phone call back. This time we told the friendly young lady that we'd be across the street at Bevi Amo having drinks until they had a table ready. She quoted 90 minutes to 2 hours, but to our suprise we'd just ordered bubbly and received a call about 15-20 minutes after we left. One of Bevi's bartenders was in the middle of explaining how good the food was, but wasn't worth 3 hours waiting when Davanti Enoteca rang me. We gulped down our bubbly, said goodbye and nearly ran into oncoming traffic to get over there before hell'd decided to thaw. This place'd better be damn good, I thought. The dining room is kinda like if a Pier One Imports store decided to dim their lights, set up a few tables and then display nice bottles of wine. It's nice. Our server seemed a bit subdued and distracted but we were able to get some additional help from the bussers who were so gentle and willing to explain about any dish they walked by with. This encouraged us to order a few more things than we'd originally planned.
