I'd agree that Piece Out (the takeout business) certainly has some consistency issues... One out of every few pizzas I have here makes me say "I'm never having it again!" ... Then just when you're almost over it, you order it again... and it's A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. ... and that's what it was this weekend when we got it (pick up!). It sounds like lunch delivery to your downtown office is a bad idea, even though they do it ($100 order minimum)... Let's do some math here... The pizza comes out of the oven, cools for 5-10 minutes, they cut and box it. Piece is in Wicker Park. Wicker Park is a minimum 20 drive by highway to the loop, then there's a 10 minute drive to find your office, then there's a 10 minute ring a ling ding pizza is here, someone go down and get it, then there's a 5 minute signing of the receipts, then there's a "pizzas here!" lets wait for everyone... So minimally 20 minutes later you're consuming the pizza...  So in other words, by the time you're putting the pizza into your mouth in your Loop high-rise office, chances are the pizza has been out of the oven for an hour and 15 minutes.  It isn't magic, it's pizza delivery.. So even though it's an option, it might not be an option that best represents what Piece can serve. We ordered a medium this past weekend. Red pizza. Even though New Haven pizza is their style, they do a really amazing red pizza, and it's the one I'd recommend most (and actually, it's the one they recommend if you ask them for a recommendation). It was $19 for a medium half pepperoni, half sausage (it's thin crust). Their medium pizza seems A) a lot more expensive than I remember it and B) maybe a little larger than I remember it. When you're ordering piece pizza, try not to do the "half this" "half that" thing... Many places would only charge you for one topping if you get half pepperoni and half sausage or something, Piece charges you twice.  Also, their toppings menu is split into regular toppings and "premium" toppings. For some reason, they've recently moved pepperoni and Italian sausage into the "premium" topping category, so they're $2/each. I'm guessing they did this for no other reason than they're the most popular toppings... I doubt pepperoni prices have skyrocketed or anything. Also, if you do 1/2 and 1/2, I think they charge you full price for both. ...So their pricing can really be a sham sometimes... It sucks to walk out with a great pizza but pay $35 for it.
