San Soo Gimme Some Son!  This place is so delicious, and it is a total gorge fest. I love it. . I really really do! There are so many positive reviews of this place (some dumb ones too), that I don't know what else I can add. but sure enough....I can always say something. For people who don't know what Korean food is all about...San Soo Gab San might not be the best example. Sure enough, after some friends who are not Korean go to this place...I normally get this response from them.. "WOW!! Well! OH...... MY..... GOSH! Simon!!! You are one lucky son of a gun!! Korean food is great! You "guys" are soooo lucky!!! You get to eat BBQ everyday..... All DAY!! What does your house look like?? A BBQ PIT?! I bet your house smells like a BBQ PIT! OMG!! Gossip Girls are on! You SOOOO have to come over! Can you help me with my math homework??? Are you going to be a doctor??? That is sooooo hot. Tell me....How do you make rice soooo sticky!? I love that! You need to meet my Korean friend Shun Lee...you guys would have sooo much in common!" Are you from North or South Korea? I really need to know this! Because if you're from the" North" my Grandpa Al says I probably shouldn't be on this date!"  For the love of God! ugh. This is a good example of Korean BBQ, not Korean food in general. We don't get to have BBQ all day! We have to study for Trig class too! ha ha. (don't laugh- thug life) Moving on: If Japanese Food is the "French Food" of the East, then Korean BBQ is the Ghetto Soul Food of the East. This stuff sticks to you, and San Soo Gimme Some Son gives you an excellent introductory class on the fine art of Korean BBQ. Another reason why Korean food is "SOUL" food? Koreans make the best fried chicken. Just ask CRISP or Great Seas. That place is 20 times better than Harolds..Harolds...you suck. You are a waste of potential. Go back to the spice drawing board. Or at least get some spice. A piece of chicken is a terrible thing to waste. Anyways What you will or should get here.. 1. You will get the Korean version of Tapas. Some are pretty tasty. Some are pretty gross in my opinion. Try it all, and if you don't like it, ask for extra napkins. Spit it out and then hand it to someone who doesn't know any better. 2. Korean Short Ribs or Galbi (sp? sorry lol) Its delicious. Wrap it in lettuce. 3. Korean BBQ Pork (spicy and soo good) 4.Korean Pizza- Just look on the menu. It looks like pizza but its actually like a seafood pancake. Really good. Bee Bom Bop and You Don't Stop (one!)- Its a rice bowl. What you should wear or bring Crappy t-shirt - I wear my t-shirt that has two arrows on it. The first arrow points upwards and it says "the man"....then there is another arrow that points to something else. sweatpants with elastic or mom jeans Sunglasses so people won't recognize you eating like a pig. The place is dingy and smoky. Don't wear anything nice. This isn't Japonais (sp), Mirai, PF Changs, or some other friendly "American" place. Bring patience. The women who work here are often overworked (in my opinion) and are trying to work as fast as possible. Most of them are friendly and really try to help you pick the best possible dishes. Many of them probably work 10 jobs so they can send their kids to elite small liberal arts school on East Coast.jk. Finally, If you are going, make sure you take me with you! I'd love to go with you and chow down....but some ground rules! 1. I don't want to be friends. I have too many.. (wink wink) (of course I'll be friends with you!:) ) 2. I won't help you say anything dirty in Korean. (hm. maybe.) (i totally will) 3. It's not a date. Remember that. Its best if you sit on your hands. oh yea I said it! (touch me. tease me) Thank-you! - CHECK OUT MY PODCAST!
