Jim has been talking about this place for quite a while, so when his birthday dinner loomed, we weren't surprised when he chose Carnivale for the festivities. We were seated relatively quickly, and the staff was very attentive. Drinks arrived fast as did our appetizers -- guacamole (Excellent, chunky and tasty) and Flores y Camarones (SO delicious we all agreed that they could just keep them and the drinks coming and we'd be happy.) both of which we split three ways. After overdoing it the previous week at Maya del Sol, I was determined to take it easier on the cocktails so I only had one, but it was a coconut mojito, and if you think that sounds good you should try it. In fact, try drinking only one! It was heavenly. Just a perfect cocktail. Jim's margarita was delicious, too, but it could not steal my heart away from my mojito. The birthday boy had the costilla des res. Again, not a surprise because he is a serious fan of the short rib. I love them, too, but I saw gnocci with ramps, mushrooms and peas and simply could not resist. I snarfed them down in spite of preferring my dumplings to be heavier. These were like clouds and I still loved them because the sauce was so exceptional. Glinda had the Peruvian-style chicken and I was blown away by how moist and tender it was.  Desserts were the farmers' market special which was a mixed berry cobbler, chocolate cake with almond ice cream and the banana cream pie. With candied macadamia nuts. They took out one of my crowns. Actually I found it kind of funny; it was an old crown and s**t happens. No big. I told the waitress that but she kept apologizing. Then the hostess came by and apologized and comped the pie, which I thought was pretty nice of them. But then I'm kind of easy-going about stuff.  (Which is one reason why, when I give a one-star review, pay attention to it. I am HARD to piss off.) I have to admit that along with excellent food and service the people-watching is fantastic at Carnivale. A couple got engaged while we were there, and the outfits that flowed past the table ranged from "That looks nice and cool" to "Oh dear, mutton dressed as lamb." to "What is that guy wearing?" to "What DO you think you LOOK like?" But in the end, the place has such a laid back vibe that almost everything worked. It was fun. It was what its name implied, a kind of carnivale atmosphere year-round. Well done to the owners; they've created a winner.
