In my opinion, Shaw's is a restaurant that does everything right. From service, to food, to ambience, everything at Shaw's just works everything to perfection. My most recent visit was just this past weekend for my girlfriend's birthday. I left a little note in the Open Table comments section that it was her birthday and we were looking forward to our dinner. Upon our arrival the hostess wished my boo a happy birthday, that's the kind of attention to detail you can't help but love. We ended up arriving about 20 minutes late for our reservation. We went over to the bar ordered a round and while we chatted the matre d came up to us and immediately started apologizing for our wait. We informed him that it we were the ones that were late, and we were just ordering a round and that there was no problem. The matre d said that since it was my boo's birthday we shouldn't have to wait anyway, and ushered us in to the dining area. That's the kind of service you just don't find at your average top restaurant. We started with the oysters. For years I have tried, but have yet to find a Chicago spot that can compete with Shaw's oysters. Sure, some places will charge you more for smaller oysters, but they don't taste better. You can definitely find cheaper oysters, but the $1 oyster deals don't compete on flavor. When it comes to selection, taste, and preparation, nobody in Chicago does oysters better than Shaw's. My boo also got the lobster bisque as an appetizer. I'm not a huge lobster bisque fan, but my boo is, so I've tried countless bisques all over Chicago. One of the few bisques I've actually enjoyed, is Shaw's. The bisque is seasoned to perfection, and the meaty chunks of lobster are substantial. Too often I'll try a bisque and wonder if there's even lobster in it. You won't have that problem at Shaw's. For entrees we had steak, lobster and crab legs. Even though Shaw's is a go-to spot for seafood, don't think they can't cook a good steak. The filets are perfectly cooked and melt in your mouth. I am a big fan of the Alaskan king crab legs. I'm not really a regular crab eater, they're a chore to eat with all the various hammers and plyer like devices you must employ to get a tiny bite of crabby goodnes, but Shaw's gives you huge legs that are pretty much broken up for you, so novices like me don't end up making a mess. The lobster is always stellar. Also don't miss out on the mashed potato side for buttery goodness. For dessert they brought my boo out a free piece of cheesecake with a birthday candle and everything. Perfection. Throughout the whole experience at Shaw's our server, Patrick, was fantastic. He helped make the night a perfect birthday for my boo. When you go to Shaw's you know you're going to end up dropping some coin, and this is the kind of service you expect from a high end restaurant, but often don't get. On other visits to Shaw's we also received exceptional service. I would heartily endorse Shaw's for just about any group of people, be they tourists, family, or hardcore Chicagoans. You can't go wrong here. After our birthday dinner, my boo turned to me and said "What's the best restaurant in Chicago?" After my last visit to Shaw's, it's hard to argue for anything else.
