Overly long review in blog - definitely worth reading - dish highlights below. With the soundtrack blasting Busta Rhymes our first course arrived - "Octopus - Pineapple, Macadamia Nut, Char." Featuring supple slow boiled octopus that lacked any semblance of chewy/rubberiness cascaded across the plate atop smears of burnt pineapple and macadamia nut puree the flavor of the cephalopod was nicely complimented by the sweet and nutty admixtures. Adding complexity and texture would be thinly sliced pan seared arctic char, shaved nori, baked yucca chips, and micro greens while dots of aged Sherry vinegar lent a savory finish. It was with course three that the soundtrack switched from Rap to Metal, loud and heavy either way, and more patrons began arriving...as a matter of fact, the restaurant went from empty to full almost immediately at 7:45pm and we chuckled as a few patrons were turned away despite bringing boozy gifts for the kitchen. With service slowing only slightly the next plate was one of Carlson's more famous options - "Tagliatelle - veal heart, huckleberries, honey." Featuring a spiral of hand cut pasta snaking up the edge of the bowl and topped with chopped veal heart, whole huckleberries, Tellagio cheese, honeyed veal demiglaze, shaved black truffles, and arugula this course once again showed off Carlson's fondness for sweetened proteins. Tender and al dente the pasta itself was beautiful but the star of the show was undoubtedly the manner in which the sweet gravy enhanced the savory offal. This course and its follow-up were the only courses where I truly wished there was bread service at Schwa as I would have loved to sop up every drop of the sauce. Our next course would be offered as a "bonus." As much a signature as anything at Schwa, Carlson's famous Quail Egg Yolk Ravioli with Buffalo ricotta, brown butter, white truffle, and Chive was every bit as good as the rumors. Likely influenced by his time at Trio with Achatz (who was then perfecting Black Truffle Explosion) the Ravioli was served solo and we were instructed to let it cool a moment and then eat it in a single bite. Bursting in the mouth and potentially the only dish of the evening lacking substantial sweetness I'm going to go out on a limb and say I enjoyed this even more than Achatz's fabled dish - the texture of the molten egg yolk was simply one of the best mouth-feels I can imagine and the brown butter/white truffle combination was divine on the palate. Course six would be another familiar face on the Schwa menu - "Biscuits and Gravy - Sweetbreads, Red Eye Gravy, Mustard." Described as a tribute to Michael's southern grandmother the dish featured three plump and crispy sweetbreads with characteristic creamy centers juxtaposed with three tiny buttermilk biscuits from his grandmother's recipe. A lovely start, the plate was next supplemented with bitter braised mustard greens, fibrous Chinese black beans, ground pink peppercorns, micro-arugula, miniature pearl onions, and coffee spiked redeye gravy. With each flavor playing a part in the entirely southern feeling dish I have to admit I was a bit taken aback by the spiciness of the gravy - it was appropriate for the dish, but required nearly a whole glass of water on my admittedly un-southern tongue. Our main course, arriving during a particularly loud and profanity laden track by Nas, would be one of Carlson's more recent creations - a dish detailed as "S'mores - beef mole, graham, marshmallow, campfire." Having to walk through the kitchen to get to the restroom I'd seen this course being prepped earlier in the meal - or at seen Carlson taking the Wagyu from the sous vide bag and shredding it. Featuring Wagyu short ribs in a cocoa nib mole that literally melted on the tongue, the dish was topped with crumbled graham crackers, a creamy graham cracker puree, and black cardamom marshmallow all placed in a cone. With the cone resting in a smoking vessel we were instructed to lift the cone and eat with a spoon while the campfire smoke poured forth. A bizarre restaurant and experience in all ways it is really hard to sum up what Schwa "is" in the grand scheme of restaurants when looking back on it. The best comparison I can offer up is the one I assumed going in - Momofuku Ko. Obscure reservation system, off beat location, "come as you are" dress code, blaring music, and obscure ingredient pairings that somehow work. With that said, the bar stools, snooty attitude, excessive price tag, and NO pictures policy at Ko speaks to a restaurant that doesn't care what you think - they believe it is a privilege to experience their vision. On the contrary, quoting Michael Carlson himself, "We cook food we want to eat in an environment we want to eat it in" and "Our game plan is the same game plan as every night. We're making 30 people happy." On November 5th 2010 Schwa made me very happy and it was absolutely worth the effort.
