Okay, I would've said "Yay! I'm a fan" (4 stars) only when I went to dip into my yummy leftovers - still yummy ice cold, btw - they had only packaged the meat and not the sides! I was more excited for the cheesy grits and greens this morning than the catfish (which was still plump and moist out of the fridge), but alas, the busboy made the executive decision that I wouldn't want it. My group and I were so full after sampling so many apps (I will get to those) that I barely touched the entree, so it was a HUGE disappointment to not get the grits and greens that had come w/ my meal.  ]o: The apps we tried ... fried green tomatoes, crawfish fritters, frog legs, cheddar croquettes, & house boucherie ... Fried Green Tomatoes: LOVED them! My friend Keren thought they were too hard, but a green tomato is unripe and hard by nature. I don't think I'd want a flavorful, crispy outside followed by a hot, mushy inside. The tomato being of a hearty consistency worked for me and my hubby. PS: The remolaude was FAN-TAS-TIC! Crawfish Fritters: Not a fan of these. Keren's & my hubby liked them, but K thought they tasted too fishy, and I thought they were more falafel than fritter. Froglegs: Tastes just like chicken! (Only chewier.) Seriously, it was a good experience having never tried them before. The bread-coating may've been a little too much though, it took away from the meat, but the legs were served with another KILLER sauce - sort of a marsala take that we all sopped up with the bread. Cheddar Croquettes: I really dug this one - crispy, flavorful outside, gooey, cheesy inside, & accompanied by another yummy sauce, like a mix b/w a green godess dressing and jalapeos. (This joint really should jar and sell their sauces!) K had a different idea of what a croqutte should be - something more along the lines of a puff pastry - but the deep-fried preparation rang true to me. House Boucherie: My hubby had asked for a small sample of the head cheese first which the waitress happily obliged. I tried head cheese for the first time in my life, folks, and it was scrumptious! There was a slight consistency issue at first (half lunchmeat, half jello-y), but when the taste expanded, I really enjoyed it! It was zesty like a good deli Genoa salami and the gents loved it equally. All the meats and pickled veggies on the platter are made in-house and you could really taste the quality.  Entrees we tried ... gumbo, pecan catfish, peach tea pork chop, shrimp & grits, benne chicken ... Gumbo: So I'm used to Zatarain's (what I use @ home) and I was initially put off by the deep brown color and hit-you-over-the-head bold flavor @ Big Jones, but after I got over the side-by-side comparison, I really enjoyed Big Jones' gumbo and there was definitely an authenticity about it. Pecan Catfish: My entree. The one that was sent home sans grits & greens. The catfish was plump and juicy and well seasoned and not at all fishy tasting. I thought there would be more pecan flavor infused into the pan-fried breaded sear, but there were plenty of crunchy, sauteed pecans embellishing the plate. The grits were a little stiffer than I had anticipated, but I attributed that to all the cheese. They were tasty on their own w/out me salt-and-peppering (which weren't even on the tables). The greens were sweet and sassy and simply delicious. Peach Tea Pork Chop: This chop could stand next to ANY steak and hold it's own. Served medium-rare-to-medium, it was a tender, savory, healthy portion adorned with cubed sweet potatoes in a thick, sweet gravy/sauce that spoke very southern to me. Shrimp & Grits: K's hubby ordered this one. He felt like it was a titch cold, but he acknowledged that it was probably prepared first and waiting on the others. He stirred it around and the creaminess was quickly restored and he said it was very good. If this was served with the same shrimp that adorned the green tomatoes app (I had forgot to mention that), I gotta believe it was excellent.  Benne Chicken: K ordered this dish and wasn't madly in love w/ it. Granted, we were full from the apps, but her reaction to it was pretty reserved. She said the chicken was good, but she didn't like the sauce. I went home with her leftover chicken, and honestly, it was just average. Decor ... fancier than I expected. I'd rather a grittier appearance, but it was nice. Service ... the waitress was great and accomodating. She forgot one cocktail round, but she laughed at her own "oops" in a way that was forgiving and endearing. The busser on the other hand was attentive to the point of being near annoying. The restaurant swaps out silverware/plates after every course and for me, it was too much. I love exemplary customer service, but in this case, the above and beyond was intrusive. We'd be in the middle of an antimated conversation, and he'd be up in us clearing the table ruining the moment, not to mention, leaving a crucial part of my entree out of the to-go package.
