Just steps from Millennium Park, yet unexpectedly so very untouristy, there's nary a fanny pack or I (heart) Montana t-shirt to be found in this upscale gastropub. Clearly a hit with The Loop business folks, The Gage packs a tasty wallop with the thirsty shirt and tie / pencil skirts and heels set. Very masculine in its space, The Gage is somewhere I could envision powerful men puffing on big cigars alongside the stockinged secretaries and sophisticated socialites that grace the arms of their pressed Armani suits. Lots of languid dark wood, polished walnut finishes, traditional nailhead furnishings and dreamy flickering candlelight that all fall within a balanced dichotomy of raucous bar scene in front of the house and sumptuous leather booth filled dining room in back. Take your pick and decide where you want the evening to go... Service in both areas is impeccable, expect to be well taken care of... pampered. From sharp, cheeky bartenders to the knowledgeable yet easygoing waitstaff, The Gage didn't miss a step with my group in either capacity. At the ready to offer up suggestions-a-plenty on the classic gastropub fare menu, I was thankful for assistance... SO. MANY. CHOICES. We went with a smattering of apps, entres and wines (decanted, lovely) and were pleased with almost everything. Allow me to steer you away from the Poached Swan Creek Duck Egg on Mushroom Toast - an over cooked egg combined with thick, meaty mushrooms on utterly uninspiring Texas toast - while offering up the Swan Creek Rabbit Pt (so lavish) and Scotch Egg (a must try) as far better executed starter options for your tasting pleasure. Fortunately, every single main dish was fawned over... it appears you can't go wrong with any selection. We know the famous Gage Burger with its melty Camembert on a Malt Roll is ooey, gooey fabulosness, but did you know the Braised Lamb Shank with Squash, Fried Artichokes and BBQ Jus is even more delicious?! True! One of the best lamb dishes I've had in some time... Loved it! The only real problem with dining at The Gage was by the end of this veritable feast there was positively no room left for dessert. Nope, not even in my second stomach... but if Beer Battered Apple Fritters and Caramelized Banana Gianduja Ice Cream Sandwiches aren't enough to lure me back in for a second visit, nothing is!
