We are currently in Chicago where we are thinking about as a permanent move. Since we love Spanish food, we felt the hotel we are in would be perfect as Mercat is part of the place. Super stay, super food. I think not. We first went for lunch and were really hungry. The menu was good and had nice choices. He went with the ham and fig salad and I had another salad with cheese and veggies. Nice. Good sangria, too. Then it took forever to get the next dishes, like about 45 minutes. And we were hungry so it seemed longer and the other tables were being served and they were leaving. Finally, the manager came with the food, to apologize. Nice touch, good hanger steak and spinach for me. We thought we'd give it another try for dinner. That was the worst idea yet. The service was horrendous and we didn't even get served! We went to the bar at 6 and were told we couldn't get an actual table for dinner until 8:15. So we sit at the bar. They told us we could eat at a bar table then. We know what those are like, tiny with little doll-chairs that are so uncomfortable. We passed. We'd wait. We returned at 8:15, promptly. "it''ll be a few minutes," we were told. At 8:30, we are offered the same bar table from 2 hours before. The exact same table!!! I told the woman this so she said we could have another tiny table but with a banquette for seating. Okay, a little better. Then she said she was sorry and would bring us a glass of wine to make it up. Next thing we have a hostess staring down at us telling us that we are lying about waiting two hours and it was ten minutes and we were relaxing in our rooms. I asked, "are you lecturing me?' and she actually said, "yes, sort of." Wow! Then a male manager comes and gets in our faces and says that we are so lucky that they fit us in and we should have taken the first table at the bar because they take reservations for those tables too. I guess the bar stools are reserved here. I will never come here again, even if I move to Chicago and will tell everyone what horrid service this place has. There is really bad karma here for some reason. Avoid at all costs.
