COMEDY OF ERRORS. First of all, we went to Sun Wah when it was in its original location and thoroughly enjoyed the duck and the service. We recommended the place to numerous friends and were looking forward to our next trip. We were extremely disappointed with our last visit. In most restaurants-- including dives-- there are some basic elements we all have come to expect: namely, some semblance of organization. At Sun Wah, it was chaos. We showed up for our 8PM reservation and here is what we saw: hoards of confused people crowding the doorway, no apparent host or manager escorting people to tables or taking names, open tables waiting to be cleared for 10 minutes at a time, and numerous parties waiting either for their food or for their check. When we thought we found the "host" and inquired about our reservation, he told us to "talk to the guy in white," of which there were three or four workers fitting that description scattered across the restaurant. It turned out that the "guy in white" we needed to speak to was also filling in as a bus boy, kitchen manager, server, and cashier. When we finally got his attention, we realized that their reservations record and walk-in management system consisted of a checklist written on the back of a scrap of cardboard. After standing there for another 20 minutes, despite our reservation, we were finally taken to a table that had not been cleared or cleaned; we were still grateful given the 30 people still standing by the doorway.Things did not improve from here. After 20 minutes of sitting unattended, we flagged down three people and finally had a server bring us water and uncork our wine. We again tried to make it clear that we had called in advance for the duck, and the waitress seemed boggled. Around 8:55PM, nearly an hour after our reservation, our "man in white" came by to assure us that we were "second in line for duck." When we asked what that meant, he became hostile and defensive, telling us that there were 8 parties behind us and that we should be grateful that we were getting duck-- or his generous update-- at all. Five minutes later, we flagged down a woman we knew from our previous visit to be an owner. Our intent was to ask how long it would be until we would get our food. She clarified that "second in line" meant 25-30 minutes. Her tone was rude and defensive. She made a big fuss about how "everybody in the restaurant wants duck tonight" and "we don't have enough people to cut it." Sorry, but you're surprised everyone wants duck? That's the sole reason anybody comes here. Incredible nerve.We left at 9:15PM, cutting our losses, and went across the street to Tank Noodles for a prompt, wonderful dinner. Unless you have three hours to kill and endless patience, don't go to Sun Wah.
