I've been here multiple times, multiple dinners, I've had the Sunday buffet, I can't even tell you how many times I've eaten here. But I hosted a dinner here for the first time, last week. A month prior to the event date, I called to confirm a party of 20 for 8pm. I was told they could accomodate me, and they took the reservation. Fast forward to the day before the event. I get a phone call from Las Tablas. When I answer, I'm told that the person on the phone just wanted to confirm the reservation and make sure nothings changed as far as number of guests, time, etc. I reply no, and this person begins to ask me for a credit card number. I'm sorry, what's that for? "If any of your guests are more than 15 minutes late, we're going to charge you $10 per person that is late." You're kidding right? Got kind of upset with this ridiculous demand and nearly cancelled dinner altogether. I told her I refuse to give her my credit card number this late in the game, because had this been something I was asked about when I made the reservation, I would have said okay, heres my CC #, and then I would have changed the time of the event to 6 pm. Is it really worth it to a restaurant to try to stick it to a customer for $10 per how ever many heads are late, versus the $650 dinner tab you might possibly miss out on ? Guess who was late to dinner folks. Yes, it is I, guilty as charged. I fought traffic for 2 hours to get there, got sucked into a Ribfest traffic mess...tollway jam....just a peachy commute. My portion of the party showed up, and immediately upon entering, our server offered to take the birthday cake from me and put it in the fridge. Started the night off with a regular Mojito, good as usual, my wife, Britt C. and I split a couple things for apps - the grilled octopus and the empanada combo. I only ate the Cheese empanada of the combo, and I don't know what kind of cheese is in there, but it's gooey and it's good. The shell of the empanada is always crusty. That's a good thing. The grilled octopus tastes fresh and had good charring. The salad it came with was lightly dressed. I ended up ordering the Skirt Steak and Shrimp combination. Pretty much all dinners come with 3 starches and the meats, along with 2 kinds of chimichurri, regular and spicy. The 3 starches are a half potato, fried yucca, and a caramelized sweet plantain, just like my Dad used to make. I ordered the skirt medium rare, and it was cooked to perfection. The grilled shrimp have a slight garlic flavor, and were properly seasoned to my taste.  After dinner, they brought the cake out and sang Happy Birthday to my wife. Popular birthday dinner spot, as there were 3 other birthday parties gathering at Las Tablas as well.  All in all, everyone always seems to enjoy themseves here, I know I have, and there's always something I haven't eaten on the menu. But the experience of booking the dinner did leave a bit of a bad taste in my mouth. That's not to say I won't return, because I will. But if I am having a dinner for as many guests as I had that day, I might look elsewhere for a different venue that really sees the value in my patronage.
