I convinced a bunch of friends to try the mysterious Violet Hour. The whole hidden door, no sign thing really intrigued me. So we took the el and it was real close to the Damen stop. We opened a random, wooden door in an unassuming brick building and walked into a bare, dark warehouse-looking area. A heavy curtain blocked us from seeing anything. There was just a single, lone sign hung up on the wall with their "house rules." No grey goose, no Budweiser, no talking on your cell phone, and some other very interesting rules. So of course my group of 11 was really wondering what the heck we were waiting for and if it was really going to be worth the wait at all. After waiting for about 15 minutes we decided to just put our name down and head over to another bar. After about 30-40 minutes I received a phone call from them and we were finally going to experience the Violet Hour. Once inside we were all very impressed with the unique set-up and dark ambiance. The motif was modern meets antique with a prohibition era-esque style. The place was very romantic, cozy, and very upscale. We were seated at a booth with ottomans added to the end to accommodate our large party. The menu was definitely different than any other I had seen before- pricey but creative. Our server was friendly and recommended something off their carafe menu. It was a Winter Carafe that served 9-10 for $90. Our server brought the carafe out and poured it out into each glass. She then started dropping a mysterious mixture from a vial, using an eye dropper- very rufi style. The drink tasted like a mixture of cognac and sweet juices. The mysterious drops were supposedly spices of some sort. Everyone in our party seemed to enjoy the unique winter beverage. If your not feeling adventurous, they have tons of drinks options and a pretty lengthy menu for each type of liquor from vodka, rum, gin, tequila, whiskey, brandy, wine, and champagne. It was a great place to chat and catch up with our group of friends. It's definitely a change of pace from your typical lounge/bar/club with loud music and crowded spaces. I highly recommend it for an after dinner date night as well. If you're feeling up for something different and a little more on the fancy side, check out the Violet Hour. If your with a large party I would recommend putting your name and cell phone number down with the hostess and then head to another nearby bar while you wait.
