Wow. What a disaster.  This was my second visit to Mercat, and it was like night and day. The first time was two or three years ago, and we had a great time. Last night, however...wow. We were there to celebrate our friend's 40th birthday and the service was just awful. We had a reservation for 13 at 9:30. When we arrived, which admittedly was about 10 minutes late, two of our group had already checked in with the hostess upstairs, who told them that they were ready for us. So, 10 minutes late, we went upstairs and said we were only going to be 10 people, and they told us that it would be about 10 more minutes - um, what? Okaaaaay...so we went to the upstairs bar and ordered drinks. About 30 minutes later, they had our table ready. Just a ridiculous delay considering the time and that we had a reservation. We ordered pitchers of margaritas and a LOT of tapas. Personally, I ordered 3 dishes. 45 minutes later, I had received one of them. The tapas that came out for the table was badly timed - some people didn't get anything they ordered for 30 minutes. So after 45 minutes, when the waiter came back and asked how things were going, I told him that I had only received 1 of my 3 dishes - the seafood meatballs, yum. I didn't get the patatas bravas or the croquettes. He went away to put in the order and 10 minutes later came back to say they had just run out of the patatas...and then blamed me for having "just ordered them".  I said, "well actually, I ORDERED them 45 minutes ago." He suggested another lentil dish, which I agreed to try, and which never showed up. The croquettes came out and were quite tasty. Our server should have checked in with us earlier about our food. He did try to salvage some tip by getting us free desserts, and then of course added 19% tip for himself since we were a large party. We didn't argue the tip but certainly didn't contribute any more than that, which we would have done if the service and food delivery had been better.  The food that DID make it to our table was very good, hence the two stars. The classic margaritas were excellent. Too expensive for my taste on a normal basis, and based on this experience they can't handle big parties, so no real reason for me to go back again.
