They have sweet tea! :-D The food here was excellent. Joe and I just got back from having NYE dinner there. We ate off of their special prix fixe menu, so that's what this review will be about mostly... Our waiter was great once we broke him in a little! He started off really awkward and timid, but then loosened up. The staff treat you like you're in an uppity restaurant, and I guess the q is considered "upscale" but at the same time, the wait staff wear khaki pants, boots, and blue plaid shirts. Either way, we were treated great and were given anything we wanted - this included having my iced tea be half sweet/half unsweet because the sweet was TOO sweet for me. The space is beautiful, like being in a Southern home. Since it was right after Christmas, there was still pine and lights around giving the space a really nice glow. The food. Again, they have sweet tea (please see above). As soon as we were seated chips and bread and butter pickles were brought to our table. The chips were a good sweet/spicy and crunchy and still hot (nice touch!). And... I don't like bread and butter pickles, but Joe said that were good... We started with an appetizer (a la carte) of bacon cheddar hush puppies. They came out piping hot with plenty of dipping sauce. I didn't care for the dipping sauce so much because I liked the hush puppies just as they were. Joe had the scallops for his first course and I had the shrimp bisque (shame on me, I know... but it was SO GOOD)... Scallops were also good - undercooked for Joe's taste because he likes just a little bit of raw on the inside, but the scallops had a good sear on them nonetheless. His entree was the 18 oz porterhouse steak. It came with asparagus and fingerling potatoes... It was seasoned perfectly and cooked perfectly at medium rare... It tasted like a steak should taste. I had the chilean sea bass and I didn't want that piece of fish to ever end it was that good. Desserts included a chocolate cake (not my favorite, but Joe loved it) accompanied by a shot of Goldschlagger and a creme brulee duo of maple syrup and butternut squash - that butternut squash creme brulee was excellent.  Alas, we talked with our waiter a little about what we'd read online -- that the pulled pork was excellent. He spoke to the chef and quickly brought us a sample of the pulled pork. It IS excellent and this guaranteed a repeat visit from us to eat their pulled pork with a vinegar based sauce (I overheard that they had this from another table).  The reasons this establishment only gets 4 stars are: their sweet tea costs more than their regular tea; sometimes the plating was sloppy (but who really cares?! all the food was great!); and that some of the asparagus wasn't trimmed well (but maybe the high quality meat (no tough parts) makes up for it?) Anyway, you should go to this restaurant. The chef is extremely talented and the wait staff isn't annoying, but they try to give you whatever you want.
