Lucky me, my girl took me to a fancy place.  First of all the service was positively kind. The first time we showed up was on a busy Friday night, and we tried to weasel our way into an outdoor seat. They were really nice about it, and did their best to accommodate us. When we told them we couldn't wait 45 minutes, they they told us in a sincere manner that they hoped we'd come back another time. So we did, this time with a reservation. Service was immediate, friendly, and unobtrusive. When it started to rain, and we apologetically asked if we could move from our table for two to a table with an umbrella -- even though the umbrella-table seated four -- they cheerfully told us that we could do it, no problem. When it came time to explain the menu, the waitress was highly knowledgeable -- without a trace of condescension or pretension. This was important for me, as I know next to nothing about wine in general or Spanish food in particular. When the waitress asked what I would like to drink, I started with lemonade, which turned out to be a good choice as the light lemonade she brought out went really well with the food. I asked her to choose my wine, and told her that all I know about wine is that I like Sangiovese. She brought me a perfect Tempranillo. When I told her how much I liked it, she was genuinely overjoyed -- and wrote down the name of the bottle for me.  I also should point out that the food came out McDonald's-quick. (That's a compliment!) We started with escalivada, which is plate of different cooked vegetables. While all of it was good, the onion was scrumptious. I really would have liked a whole plate of onions like that.  Then came the rabbit ravioli, which I wasn't that excited about because I don't know about eating... foam. But my girlfriend really liked it. We then had the morel mushroom rice, which was like a mushroom-asparagus risotto. It was OUT OF THIS WORLD. They used some kind of top-quality Spanish olive oil that created an extra layer of flavor between the vegetables. My girlfriend said it was so good that she could eat another plate of it -- more on that later. The next dish was the only one that neither of us liked -- the patatas bravas, which are non-greasy tater tots with some kind of aioli that coats your tongue. As our next dish came out, they brought us another plate of the delicious morel/asparagus rice. When we pointed out that we had already had ours, and that it probably belonged to someone else, the guy said "Uh, okay," shrugged and said "it's a compliment." My sweetie got her wish - more of her favorite dish! The last two dishes were OFF THE CHAIN they were so good -- tender, sweet lobster in creamed corn and... A hearty, non-tapas-like bowl of fava beans, lima beans and serrano ham with some kind of Spanish cheese that made it pop! I could eat this ham-and-beans dish every day! It seems like something you'd eat every morning before going out to work the fields in a Catalan winter.
