A real Chicago icon! If you haven't been there, you're really missing out! This place is famous, with thousands of reviews & numerous features on TV shows like "No Reservations" and "Future Foods". I've been to Hot Doug's many, many times, & I've even flown their food with me 700 miles to veg on at it home (fyi the fries don't keep after refrigeration, but the dogs are still great!). I debated myself viciously over giving Doug's a 4 or 5 star review (considering 4 because, well I mean come on, a 2 hour wait for a hot dog?!?!), but I will settle on 5 primarily because Doug runs that place his way or the highway, and it's damn tasty, cheap, and just fun! You gotta respect a guy like that! The place really has personality! I heard that he pays his employees six weeks of vacation each year, & I believe it since they're closed for a month & a half every winter, & his staff is always the same people. I even read online that he used to be a fine dining chef, and he quit that job to open up his hot dog Mecca! I'd believe that too, as his menu is jam packed with elements of top notch cuisine blended into encased meat magic. You can dine on Elk sausage, partake of duck sausage topped with foie gras, or enjoy some Cajun shrimp remoulade! The Good: The food is great. Nuff said. Anthony Bourdain agrees, and so do like 1,000 Yelp reviewers. The decor is hilarious - from the men's & women's restroom signs (a hot dog in a bun & just a bun w/o a dog) to Doug's unique naming system for his menu. You also have gotta like the hard hats the kitchen crew wear - real men at work! The price is crazy cheap for what you get, especially if you don't indulge in the specials & remain in regular hot dog land. Do NOT order a large fry because you WON'T finish it! You'll also notice that Doug is a good man - his giant tip jar has a sign saying that it goes to the people "doing actual work", not him. His bathrooms have signs that say something like "Employees must, guests should, & really everybody ought to wash their hands." The Bad: Doug being a true character, he refuses to submit to the fees from credit card companies. This place is CASH ONLY!!! Also, a huge problem is the fact that they close at 4:00pm every day! No dinner service, unless you take some home right before closing. This place is damn popular and amazingly well known. People from all over the country stop here, and the lines are often well over an hour, sometimes 2! The Ugly: Again, the decor! Lol, it's funny & full of character, but it's also ugly. This is NOT a fine dining joint, but that's okay by me :)
