some dear friends came into town, and i wanted to show them the best dining in chicago. i'd been looking forward to going to the publican for so long that a month and half before my friends arrived, i reserved a table for four. yes, 6 pm is a little early for dinner -- but i had high hopes and i was willing to dine with grandpa jack if it meant eating some yummy pork. first impressions? four women giggled as we were ushered into a stall and the doors close behind. if you think about it, this seating method is meta-clever. put people behind a stall and then feed them hog meat -- you are what you eat? i started with a beer recommendation from our waiter -- the monk's cafe flemish sour red ale. if you like cider, this beer is for you. sour, tangy, a bit of sweet -- this beer hit all of the right notes while deviating from the ditty of the usual brew. next is the menu. at the publican, it's difficult to decide what to order and how much will be enough for your table because nothing is sized and everything is shared. our waiter helped out by explaining that in each section, the size of the dish increases down the list. between the four of us, we felt satiated after ordering 6 dishes and eating bread. i give 3 stars because my expectations for the publican were not fully realized. yes, i had a pleasant dining experience, but many of the dishes did not wow me. my friends described the fare as "overpriced peasant food" -- i don't agree or disagree with that nomenclature, but i did find myself eating down home food but with more muted, standard flavors than i had expected.  the pork rinds were great. cheesy, spicy, crunchy -- paired with beers and some conversation, i could have munched for hours. the beets/burrata was no more tastier than the sum of its components. i didn't get anything more out of the dish than when i go to the farmers market, slice up some beets, and then pair with a nice juicy slice of mozzarella. to me, this means that there's no reason why i should be ordering that dish in a restaurant. what is the chef teaching me with this menu selection? what new culinary technique am i witnessing? what is the food evoking in me that i would not have experienced if i had eaten elsewhere? with those beets, i didn't have a clear answer. we took our waiter's suggestion and ordered an off the menu special: the salt-and-vinegar fried smelt fish. the salt and vinegary flavor of the breading was ever so slight. the boudin blanc and then the cornmeal cauliflower suffered a similar verdict -- where was the flavor? for the cauliflower and smelt, the breading was flaky and fried but lacking in savoriness.  the pork belly was the height of the evening. we all fought for bites, and the dish reminded me of what my mom made for dinner as i was growing up. when i was younger, my mom would lug out the heavy pot and place a fatty slab of meat inside, cooking it at low, low temperatures for the whole day. when she finally opened the lid, delicious aromas would waft out, and i was gravitate towards the stove. this pork belly tasted as good! it was a bit sticky sweet, but the fat melted away until the meat become ultra tender. this is one of those dishes that sticks in your mind. overall, the publican made me a little sad. i came expecting to find my new favorite restaurant, but instead, everyone in my party just felt satiated and ready for the night. no one raved about the food, and everything (except the pork belly) was ultimately forgettable. dreams are hard to make come true -- sorry, publican! next up is avec.
