On the plus side this place has a great beer selection and top notch cocktails. Best bloody mary I have had in a long time. The food was pretty good too but the service is a whole other story and fell beyond short in my book. I am a big fan of the communal dining setting but the inside of this restaurant takes it another step. I felt downright strange inside, as if I was a part of a wooded Alice and Wonderland Mad Hatter Party, upon gazing at the high backed numbered chairs. As I soaked it in with a drink I became more and more comfortable it but still it was too strange for me to handle in my hungover sunday state. So thankfully with the wonderful weather outside, I went back to the hostess and requested to sit outside. The first oddity of the meal began after we had ordered a round of cocktails at our bar "table", just like the ones they have outside at Avec, while waiting to sit down. The waitress took her sweet time bringing over the first round of drinks, but alas they were great I loved the Bloody Mary with the beer accompaniment! I had the Hitachino Nest Espresso and it was wonderful. While taking the first sip of my beer the waitress dropped the bill on the table without so much as a word to our party. Also, she neglected to bring the ice water I had asked for. You think someone would have the courtesy to ask if we liked our drinks before plunking down the bill. Alas, it is Sunday and I am very hungover so I quickly erase the it from my mind. But OH NO, this woman has the nerve to come back a few minutes later, interrupts my girlfriend while she is talking to tell me that the bill is on the table. THANKS A LOT @SSH@T, I saw it in plain view when you obnoxiously basically threw it at us the first time, I paid even though I contemplated asking to speak with the manager at this point but even more so wanted another drink considering we had to wait another 30 minutes to sit outside. At long last, after what seemed like eternity we were granted our wish to go outside. What a relief over the poorly lit, noise deafening, medieval dungeon inside. The table we were given though was strangely not clean, not only were there NO NAPKINS or silverware but two half full glasses of milk and one that had turned over on the table. WTF?!? We sat down to the table and I expected the hostess to see the mess and ask someone to clean it up but she walked away after plainly staring right at it! I had to ask a waiter to clean the table that should have already been clean, especially considering we had waited over 40 minutes to sit outside and not only that but half of the dining room was empty. After cleaning the table though, he left without putting silverware or napkins on the table... Another waiter came along and we ordered an omelet, pork confit sandwich, french toast, and fries with fried eggs. I also asked for napkins again... About 15 minutes later the squirrelly waiter comes back to tell me if forgot to tell me they are out of french toast. GREAT! So not only are they now out of french toast but he just finally managed to put the order in. This guy had the never to bluntly ask me "whatta want instead?"! HOW THE F$#K should I know what I want without seeing a menu genius, so I had to ask for a menu. At this point I was pissed off and just ordered the first thing I saw, zucchini bread with pears. But wait.... there are still no napkins on the table so I have to ask again for them to be brought out. Another round of drinks comes out and finally our food about 20 minutes later. Guess what? STILL NO NAPKINS ON THE TABLE! IS ASHTON KUTCHER HIDING IN A VAN ON FULTON? AM I BEING PUNK'D? NO I WASN'T! SHAME ON YOU PUBLICAN! I calmly asked for napkins from another waiter, after giving up on the scat squirrel waiter, and finally got them. But wait!?! Looking around the table something is missing. Where is the order of fries? I ask the waiter and get an "OOOOOO SORRY MAAAN, I FORGOT ABOUT 'EM" I was so pissed off at this point, I was beyond words and just put my head down. Here's a tip rookie, if you can't remember 4 things that a table orders it is time to get a new F$&#ing job. I wanted to walk over to my car, get my mole skin notebook out of my car, and B*#CH slap him in the face to the ground. Overall the food was good but nothing spectacular to write home about from what I tasted, maybe dinner is better? The service really put a sour tasted in my mouth. I came here because of my personal Avec and Blackbird association with greatness and what I thought anything Paul Kahan touches but obviously Midas hasn't given his touch to Publican. I will not be returning anytime soon without some sort of concession from the management. The service was beyond inexcusable. I don't mind throwing down over a $150 for a brunch for 3 but when immense disappointment becomes involved I have a problem. I look forward to hearing from the someone at the Publican on how to correct my experience.
