First of all I would like to preface this by saying that I used to frequent Sultan's Market on a regular basis and my visits have come few and far between. I don't think it's under new management, but rather their cooks must have changed because the food is now horrible. Sultan's Market used to be my go-to for Middle Eastern food (and since it used to be my go-to place I will give it the extra star). My last experience with them was a couple of days ago and I have had to take a couple days to collect myself because of the horrible experience with their delivery service. I was afraid that if I would have wrote this right after my delivery my review would have looked something like this "#$@% " all the way through. I ordered well after the lunch rush and waited for my order. I was told it would take an hour to get here, which is pretty standard. So an hour went by and no word. I give it an extra 10 minutes--you just never know with Chicago traffic, granted I could visibly see that there was no traffic at all on Western. I was giving them the benefit of the doubt. So the delivery guy isn't here, so I thought I would give a call to see where he might be. I was told he was already on his way. Fine...so an hour and half goes by and I call back (I'm ready to eat my hand at this point) and no one answer the phone. I call 3 times and no answer. Are you eff'ing kidding me? Coincidence--that as my phone is ringing to the restaurant and the delivery driver calls to tell me that he's 6 mins away. So I wait, and I wait, and I wait. Still not here and it's 10 mins later. Now I'm getting pissed. I just know my food is going to be cold. So after 2 hours, that's right, 2 long hours of me calling to hunt down my food does my food arrive and as I suspected it is COLD. I tried warming up the food and it just taste nasty. The food must have been sitting in the car for quite some time because the heat from the entree had cooked the cucumbers in the Jerusalem salad (GROSS). My soup which they still serve in Styrofoam was COLD and bland. I had to nuke and add sea salt to make it remotely edible. Our spinach and meat pies were undercooked and when you broke it in half the dough was still pliable and gooey, so I had to warm up my convection over and throw those little pieces of sh*t in to make it safe enough to eat. The meat pie was ok. The spinach pie was a disaster and lacked the seasoning that it once had back in the day. The meat combo just wasn't good. All the meats tasted off, especially the Kefta, which is normally my favorite from there. It tasted metallic--weird. The Tilapia dinner was horrendous. The fish tasted like it was freezer burned and again was tasteless. To top things off all of our protein components of our meals were DRY. Needless to say, I threw away the fish. The hummus looked like baby puke so I didn't even touch it, not to mention that the pita bread was dry like they had it sitting on a counter in the air overnight. I normally don't get pissed over petty things such as food. We live in the USA where food is plentiful but this was just inedible and I was on the verge of punching something so I called and jhad to let them know how disappointed and disgusted I was with their food. The man gave me a credit for the next time I go in there. I'll just stock up on Ginger Beer to use up my credit. I won't ever give Sultan's my money ever again.
