The front desk staff saved this review from dropping to a one star.  So for this latest trip we arrived later in the evening, and the first notable occurrence was the doorman yelling at the cab driver for not opening the trunk fast enough. Then when he did get it open one of my camera bags fell flat on to the ground, directly on to my laptop. Luckily it survived unscathed, but it wasn't the best beginning to the trip. The lobby at the Palmer is always packed like the MGM Grand or something, and with all of the hotels in downtown Chicago I can't really figure out what the draw is. There was no line at the check in desk despite the crowd, so we were able to get up to our room really quick. Then we opened the door. Now when you book a room on Hotwire technically you aren't supposed to get many options, but we did book for two adults... and it's a big assumption on the part of the hotel that these two adults are married or a couple as only one person's name gets entered in. So we were a bit shocked to see that inside our very tiny room was a single double bed. I mean this the U S of A people... double beds should be legislated out of existence by now. My wife calls down to the front desk asking to switch to a different room and is told we can't be moved until Sunday. Then I call and we can magically get moved that very night. Definitely happy about the move, not sure why the voice of a male was needed to make it happen. The rest of the experience continued to be pretty lackluster. Every single morning we were there at around 8:30am the cleaning staff would gather outside the door to our room and from the sounds of it were conducting their staff meeting. Well, I'm not being serious about the meeting part, but they were seriously LOUD. Want to sleep in at the Palmer? You can forget about it. Also be prepared for all sorts of typical downtown Chicago hotel nickel and diming. We didn't want to pay for the internet, so we decided we'd go down to hang out at the Starbucks inside the Palmer because all Starbucks have free wifi now. Not this one. Palmer shuts it down. Eh, I could say more but you probably get the point.
