It astounds me that I've yet to drop by Violet Hour. It has to be one of the freshest concepts I've seen around that area of Bucktown/Wicker Park in quite some time. One word comes to mind: Swanky. A date took me here, and I had heard great things but never really heard anything of their concept. First off, I couldn't find the place (which is awesome) because it adds to the appeal. There's basically just a door with no label. You walk in, and it's kind of like walking into a haunted house with high velvet curtains and no lights. You open the curtains to a beautiful, dimly lit space with blue walls, chandeliers , a long sleek bar and high backed chairs to make you feel like royalty. Violet Hour is the perfect place to go for a date because it's so intimate. When sitting in the chairs at the small white tables you feel as if you're off in your own little world. The music croons softly in the background and everything is super chill. If you go here, you have to try their list of specialty cocktails. They have VERY unique spirit lists here and it goes by type of spirit. I was very impressed with the selection. I tried two of their cocktails: Juliet & Romeo Beefeater, Mint, Cucumber, Rose Water (Which was light and refreshing) and also the Part & Parcel, made with Tito's, Grapefruit, St. Germaine, Grapefruit Bitters (Also very refreshing). These drinks pack quite the punch, so get ready to be boozed up. This place has rules. Yes, that's right, I said rules. I came during the week, so I didn't see the weekend crowd, but I heard there can be a line and a long wait for tables. So this means that when the doorman tells you the place is at capacity, that means there are no seats free. PHEW..finally an establishment that doesn't pack em' in like sardines. Also, they don't take reservations, you can't use your cell phone, they don't serve Grey Goose, light beer, or bombs of any kind (rats). There's such an allure to this place that draws in the crowds. Maybe it's the speakeasy aspect, or the mysterious and sexy vibe that radiates from the building... It might be fun to just go in one night and sit at the bar. Rumor has it that they have 8 different kinds of ice which they use for different drinks as not to water them down quickly. Shaved, Blocked...to give some examples. This place is totally Alice in Wonderland meets the real world and I totally love every minute of it. When I love a place, I will rave about it and Violet Hour is an A+ in my book.
