As a life long Chicagoan, I feel like I have a pretty good knowledge of Chicago style pizza. I have heard people refer to "The Big Three" places to get Chicago style pizza. As far as well known established restaurants this is true, except they usually get one wrong. There are Gino's East, Lou Malnatti's and Uno's and Due's....NOT Giordano's!!!! Chicago style pizza is by definition; Deep Dish Pizza...which Giordano's does not offer! They have "Stuffed pizza" which involves another layer of dough placed on top of the cheese and ingredients then topped with sauce. COMPLETELY DIFFERENT!!! So they don't count! My personal preferences of "The REAL big Three" are as follows: #1 Uno's or Due's (same restaurant that has two locations across the street from each other). At either of the restaurants, if it's busy and there is a wait, when you put your name on the list they take your pizza order RIGHT THEN !!! No 3 block line of people waiting to get into Gino's for at times 2+ hours to get in and seated while they pass you over for a group that fits the exact size of the available table more than once. Then after you are seated the server will inform you that your pizza will take 45 min to an hour to make, where as UNOs or DUEs your pie is already in the works. It is a GIANT 3 floor building that replaced the old smaller one that had an authentic feel to it. At some point, they decided to let people write All Over the walls or any reachable surface with Sharpie's and White Out which is tacky and obnoxious to have to look at. As far as the pizza itself, it's not bad. I don't like the crust. It is very thick around the edges and thin on the bottom, especially if you pile on the toppings or get the Vegatarian because of all the water that is released when the veggies are cooked. The thin crust is nothing special at all. Chicago style thin crust should be very thin and crispy, not thick and doughy. I find the sauce to be too sweet. For the most part all the appetizers are fried. DO NOT try the "antipasto salad"!!! God Awful!!! Make sure your server repeats back the order to you, because if it comes out wrong, it's at least another 20 min to fix it. In summary...I find Gino's to be the Worst of "The Big Three". Lou Malnatti's has very good pizza, but the same can be said for either Uno's or Due's, which both are authentic, rustic and have a real old world Chicago appeal. Gino's....You LOOSE!!!
