I really enjoyed eating here. It really reminded me of meals I enjoy from Cali. This place is a great tapas joint and you can tell the local people enjoyed it too. We got recommendations from the Sommelier and our waitress on what to order cause everything just sounded good. We started off with their Antipasti of Salt-Roasted Beets with Whipped Goat Cheese & Pistachio Vinaigrette. I love beets and just loved the combination with the goat cheese and crunch from pistachio.  We then ordered a Salad-special for the day but can't really remember what was in it but it had radicchio, some nuts, etc. The dressing was what I remembered that it tasted very asian/thai like. It was really good and enjoyed it very much. We also order two Smears, a Pork Liver Pate and Roasted Bone Marrow with Herbs. Wow is all I have to say! I would have been okay having the pork liver pate as my meal. It was so good and just was amazing in taste. Doll it up on crostinis and my smile was ear to ear. This lasted us throughout our whole meal and what they give you is a great portion. We had to order extra sides of crostinis cause we could not just waste it.  The roasted bone marrow was also great and was very butter like in taste, melt in your mouth. The herbs help cut the richness and was different from how I usually have marrow. We then order from the a la Plancha section and ordered the Milk Braised Pork Shoulder with Mashed Potatoes and Pork Blade Steak with 'Nduja & Honey. My hubby and I regret ordering two items from this section as we were just getting full. The pork shoulder was very different and great but just didn't really enjoy it as much as the pork blade steak. This steak was good and the touch of honey was a nice touch of sweetness. It was a great portion too and is a great portion for two.  Hubby and I washed this down with a bottle of Wine from Spain- Malbec. The whole bottle was a great price for about $35.00. The Malbec in the beginning had a great taste but as you eat your meals and the wine airs out, the wine changes and get bolder with the meals. Really went well with the food. You would think we were full and we were but we really wanted to dessert that was nice and light to cut the richness of the meal we just had. We ordered their homemade Soft Serve Ice Cream {Vanilla with a touch of honey}-special for the day. It was just great and the honey was a nice touch. Hubby washed this down with limoncello.  Chicago definitely has great restaurants and really was not expecting this. This is also one of the best tapas place I had a great meal.  I am so excited to return and for food I will. All this meals our tab was $114 dollars. This was a steal. I just wished I had friends to help me eat all of this food.  To the owner of purple pig, bring this restaurant to Cali....seriously!
