If you're in the neighborhood for a show at Empty Bottle, you could grab a burger here before it and rock out a bit. As another Yelper phrased, I too felt like I was cheating on Kuma's. Kuma's has absolutely nothing to fear. That being said, the burgers were quite tasty, though it is hard to mess up a bacon bbq burger(my boyfriend and our friend had those). I ordered the Punk Bitch-it was good, but could definitely have benefited from more of the advertised 'garlic mustard cream sauce'. I tasted neither garlic nor mustard and it would have offset the crispy, salty, fried prosciutto nicely. The burger itself was huge(10 oz.), cooked as ordered, and juicy. The pretzel roll was good-the texture of it is always good for soaking up all the burgery goodness no matter where you get one. Their fries are good-skin on and a nice crispy snap without tasting greasy. The roasted red pepper aioli for dipping them in is really tasty! The aioli also tastes good if you dip your burger in it as well. Nice beer list and drink specials. Would be even nicer to see some hard ciders/tea/lemonade for non-beer drinkers. Staff was very friendly and we were seated in 15 minutes on a Friday evening at 9ish. Metallica on the bazillion tvs-extremely loud. Good thing we were eating and not trying to chat. I love music loud when the ocassion calls for it, but when a server can't hear our orders, it's not good. I was really really upset that I was so full after my burger and fries that I didn't have room for the one dessert item on the menu(a few more choices for dessert would be lovely), which sounded amazing! Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreally happy there wasn't any smoke machine or lasers-maybe we were there before those began. I do not want a seizure or taste fog solution with my food/drink. I'd like to go back and see how it is in a month or so. p.s. Where's the eye candy for the ladies anyway? There were several girls on staff with cleavage to the max(yes, well aware you get bigger tips that way), but nothing for the girls to check out(no offense,door guy). Going with the prison theme-show the Folsom County Prison concert of Johnny Cash please :)
