I recently went to Sunda and was very satisfied. The service was fantastic from the waitress to the food runners and bussers. As this was our first time, we asked our server for her opinions and she was so helpful. This was appreciated since we were one of the last tables to arrive. We started off with the Bang Bang Salad. The textures of this salad/ noodle dish were grand. It was sweet, tangy and so yum yum. Next came the Rock Shrimp Tempura. This was one of the most memorable dishes for me. It paired well with the previous dish with it's glazed walnuts and subdued sweetness. The honey aioli perfectly coated the shrimp. Again, the textures were heavenly. Each bite was like having an orgasm in my mouth. I'm salivating at the thought.  As an avid sushi eater, a roll was mandatory. The No You Didn't Ultimate Handroll did not disappoint. I loved how the tempura balanced out the softness of the salmon, tuna and crab. At this point, we were getting full and the prospect of the next course was almost daunting. However, when the Shaking Beef arrived, my gorge mode was in full effect. The aroma had me shaking with glee. The filet was extremely robust in flavor. It came with lime sauce on the side, but this was unnecessary. In fact, the sauce was a bit overkill as the flavor of the meat was so bold and mere seconds away from being overpowering. A bed of jasmine to balance the seasoning would have been ideal. Regardless, it was a fine cut of filet and cooked to perfection. Devouring such vast amounts of food is certainly atypical. I am not gluttonous, large or even close to medium. However, this menu was so unique and divine. Thus, when dessert was offered, we had no choice but to comply. When this magnificence was put before me, my heart sang. The vanilla ice cream was encased in a crunchy, sweet, warm sphere of exquisiteness. With each bite, an angel got her wings. I'm fighting every ounce of me to not go there now soley for this divine creation. Awesomely awesome awesomeness
