The only reason I'm even giving it two stars is my past experiences there with the yummy food. If I have to rate it from my trip there last week it would be NO STARS. I'm never going back to this place after my bizarre aborted lunch attempt last Friday. I've only walked out of a restaurant after being seated three times in my 43 years and this was one of them. I tried to have lunch with a friend around noon. After some discussion about menu items a waiter took our order and read it back to us. We ordered 3 dishes - an appetizer, a noodle dish and a small roast pork. After 5 minutes, he brought a small bowl of roast pork like we had ordered and also a small bowl of roast duck (which we had asked questions about but ultimately had not ordered). We told him that we did not order the duck. He told us we "had to" take it. At first we thought it was a language barrier thing. So we sat for 5 minutes arguing back and forth that we had not ordered it and then he said he was going to check with a manager. It was so strange! He went up to talk to a woman at the counter and then they had a waaaay too long conversation about it. There should not be a discussion at all -- we had not ordered the item, so take it away from the table and let's move on, right? Apparently not. He came back to the table to report that she too said we "had to" take it. At this we put on our coats and went up to the front to pay for the tea we had consumed. We had not touched the food. We had an odd conversation with the woman at the front desk he spoke to who did not really seem to understand the situation. We told her we just wanted to pay for the tea and leave and reiterated that we were not going to be strong-armed into paying for food we had not ordered. She waved us off and said not to worry about the tea but she never apologized or tried to fix the situation. Went down the street to Furama and had some killer dim sum. I'll never go back to Sun Wah, which is a shame because the Peking duck really is great but I refuse to be treated like that.
