Crisp! I'm so ashamed. I feel so silly. You once wooed me with great bowls of glorious treats. The Big Bad Buddha, resplendent in a heap of veggies, fried egg and brown rice. A bit of heaven there, you have there. I'm not the kind of guy who's concerned about my individual foods touching and cross-pollenating flavors. And, these Buddha bowls bring on a menagerie of mixed flavor, glued together with an over-easy egg. I beg you to tell me what sounds bad about that. Even the Chi-Town Chicken bowl with nothing but brown rice and some creamy, spicy sauce accommodating chunks of chicken is deceivingly yummy. When something's good, it's just good. And, I swear that Atomic Sauce hits the spot. But, how you fooled me, Crisp. How you made me question if I really even know what it means to "hit a spot," when I finally visited you today and tried your jumbo wings. PANG! It felt like taking a frying-pan to the temple when I finally realized what I had been missing. The Seoul Sassy sauce, with a tangy-sweetness playing yin to the chicken's salty yang... the utterly perfectly crispy fried skin, which holds a satisfying crunch in spite of dripping in sauce and manages to melt in your mouth... the sheer size of these things, offering huge juicy bites to complement the crispy goodness. I don't know how else to say it any other way, these Seoul Sassy wings are black-out good. I'm no connoisseur of wings, but I'm guessing that you and I have BOTH had them in each of the following variety: tiny, dry, rubbery, fatty, bony. I mean, I've lost so much faith in wings that I'm occassionaly slumming it and ordering them boneless. BONELESS!!  Well, no longer. Crisp you have restored my faith in fried chicken. Let it be said that the Crisp BBQ sauce 'aint too shabby either. It's that neon red kind of asian sweet sauce, but with a little kick of heat and smoke. But, for my taste it was a little overpowering. Kind of threw the balance of flavors off a little bit. Actually, it more literally took all of the accompanying wing flavors outside and curb-stomped them. Also tried the Kim Chee, which was great. 'Nuff said. 650+ Yelp reviewers can't be wrong. Crisp is it.
