This is an awesome, laid back, low shiny-shirt quotient place to hear excellent jazz as it was meant to be heard. Please note the emphasis on the word "heard." Its reputation as a jazz legend attracts serious musicians and serious listeners to the Green Mill. Comprehend that, and all of the policies which seem to get the goats of the tourists and embittered trixies will make sense to the sensible. 1) People come to a JAZZ CLUB to **HEAR** music. That is why MANY bona fide music venues have a quiet policy. It's called RESPECTING the performers. Revolutionary, I know! I realize that to some, ahem, "categories" of the human race it is utterly inconceivable that people wouldn't want to hear your shrill Trixie laughter, or beefy-faced guffaws. However, for those of us who appreciate music, many of whom have come here from out of town, it is a pleasure to actually be able to hear the music in such detail as allows us to appreciate the nuances of live performance. We promise not to play Jazz in your chatty yuppie wine bar; please refrain from having your Hen Party/Jersey Shore Speed Dating/ Midlife Hairline Crisis at the music venue. 2) $12 to see top quality live music is a pittance. I pay that to get into punk shows at dive bars all the time. You pay that for a movie. You pay that to park your car for an hour downtown. The cover is what pays the band. That is how they pay their rent, and they are not getting rich. If you're feeling too cheap to hack it, save your money for a dog-eared copy of Catcher In the Rye or the latest issue of "O Magazine" and some mustache wax. Go to Pops or some other downtown jazz palace and enjoy paying $30 plus $12/drink for the same privilege and shittier seating. Or go to some douchebag mecca like Griffin and pay the same amount to listen to a horrible DJ spin 6 hours of Kesha while you get MRSA from the sweaty Shake Weight endorser that grinds up against you all night. Meanwhile- for serious music lovers, this place is beloved for a reason. The staff are polite veterans who do not suffer fools. The drinks are reasonably priced, and service is prompt and efficient even when the place is crowded. If you prefer to spend your time in a no-nonsense, no-pomp-and-circumstance environment with a great sense of history and authentic love of music, you will love it too.
