My fiance and I attend a scheduled food tasting at Bonsoire for our wedding, with two other couples that would be getting married at our same venue. The Food was amazing, and at this point it's up there with the best tasting meal I've ever had, and to think it was free, and at a food tasting. The wedding coordinator at Bonsoiree is/was Anthony, who unfortunately will be leaving to move to another company, we also had the Chef Luke come out and present what each meal was. We started out with the Kona Kampachi Tartar, masago sesame chili wonton. I was not blown away by it, but the taste was more that average, unique, and made me ask to try again. It's a wonderful infusion of different flavors that definitely activate the taste buds. This was followed by the Grilled Shrimp on Brioche, very, very good. The appetizer was bite size full of various flavors, just wonderful. The Tarragon Pear Compote, was different, did not really like it too much, and probably will not serve it during our cocktail hour, but none the less the quality and presentation where definitely not lacking style and flavor. We moved on to the entre. We started out with a Roasted eggplant & Mixed green salad. There are many words to describe it, but I will leave it to simply great. It was a mixed green salad, yet some how the chefs found a way to infused flavors that I have never tasted before into this. The two entre we tried the Grilled Scolar, with sweet potatoes and leek in between, and the short rib with risotto, where portioned correctly, presented perfectly and held many wonderful flavors, the fish was not overcome with the fishiness flavor that overtakes seafood when cooked incorrectly. The portion size was perfectly sized to provide enough of quantity to taste the unique flavors of each of the items on the plate, but yet not so much food, that the taste becomes bland. It was just enough to activate all the different taste buds. The Dessert was a banana bread pudding, I hate bread pudding, but this time I ate everything on my plate. Presentation A+ flavor a A++.  The food we had at the tasting was slightly less progressive than the standard meal you would have at the restaurant, however if you are having a wedding, and would like to serve high quality delicious food, that has a slightly progressive edge, that wont freak out Aunt Ida, this is the place to try. Right now this place is on the top of our list for caterers, however we are still waiting to see who replaces Anthony, as this will be a big factor in our decision.
