We went to Chicago Q on a Sunday for lunch. Chicago q has an outdoor eating area and most of the guests when I arrived were seated outdoors. My preference for air-conditioning during the summer months led me to ask for a seat inside the dining area, and we were shown to a nice four-seater booth by the wall. Surprisingly, the dining area was relatively empty and I think there were probably only 2 or 3 other tables that were occupied.  Our waitress greeted us cheerfully, while another member of the waitstaff brought us bowls of potato chips and sliced pickles to munch on. we were pleased to see that they offered both a brunch and gulag lunch menu, but we decided to go straight to the regular lunch menu and indulge ourselves in some ribs.  My party of four shared two rib platters and a side of sauted greens. For the ribs, we got one full platter of their regular house ribs, and a full platter of their "competition" ribs. Our server explained that an additional two hours of labor goes into the preparation of the competition ribs. Our party, being intrigued, decided to order both regular and competition ribs so we could compare the two. Well, the competition ribs are a clear winner. They a priced higher, but they a much more tender and tasty than their regular ribs. They also have a little bit of a reddish coloring on the inside (but not a raw type color), compared to the regular ribs that just are brown on the inside.  The coleslaw side was vey delicious, but I was to a big fan of their cornbread side. The sauted greens by themselves were also a little bland, but they were done appropriately (not overcooked like some other places do southern-style greens) and did pair well with the strongly flavored ribs. We passed on the alcohol but did note their extensive bourbon list for next time. I got an iced-tea and got a couple of refills, whereas the diet coke we ordered was priced by the small bottle; just something to be aware of. Overall, I got my rib craving satisfied. The flavor of the competition ribs were excellent, but the meat is not the "fall-off-the-bone" variety you can get at a place like Smokey Bones. Rather, it is a little more substantive, and It feels deliberately prepared this way, so you can pick up the bones and chew the meat off, rather than simply picking it all off the bone with your fork. I suppose it all boils down to how you like to enjoy your ribs. But boy, did I enjoy mine.
