This place gets a shaky four stars - everyone loves this place, and I can relate, but my overall sense is that the value falls short just a bit.  We had the Saturday night 7-course. Foodwise, I agree with most of my fellow reviewers and say the meal, overall, was outstanding. There were some weak points.  (1) First - Sashimi - Hiramasa, Mango, Marjoram, Macadamia. This starter consisted of some pretty nice pieces of hiramasa, which is a white fish, it was served sashimi. The sauce was really quite weak, it did not add to the laid-back taste of the whitefish, I was looking for something to add to it, without taking away from the nice texture and taste of the fish. Overall, this first course was underwhelming.  (2) Second - Artichoke, Apple, Mushroom, Mint - a creamy soup. This was one of the best soups I have had, ever, and I will remember the taste for some time to come. Superb. Everything blended together in a perfect winter comfort taste, the mushroom component was outstanding. I loved this soup.  (3) Third - Venison, Zahtar, Carnaroli, Blackberry, Gin. This was venison with risotto. Again, superb. Perfectly cooked venison, perfectly cooked risotto. I don't know what else to say.  (4) Fourth - Entree - Skate, cauliflower puree, sauce gribiche. Very good, but not as good as the previous two. Again, it lacked a bit of punch, it was a bit of reversion to the first bland course. This may be a matter of taste, but I was looking for some kind of memorable taste in this dish, and when I try to recall the taste, I am met with a shadowy vagueness in my memory.  (5) Cheese - powdery, textured, liquid. This was a pretty interesting little three-cheese in one bite, in the texture listed above. I was not overjoyed at this one, but it was interesting. I am averse to liquid cheese, that may be a matter of my personal taste. Points for ingenuity.  (6) Dessert - pretzels, caraway, banana white chocolate, honey mustard ice cream. The pretzels and banana together were one of the most delectable sweet bites I have ever had. The honey mustard ice cream was interesting, it tasted like it sounds, but I am more of an ice cream traditonalist. A bit strange. I reject bacon ice cream and all other weird ice creams, so I may be biased agains this portion of the dessert.  The server was about a 7 on a scale of 1-10. Nothing bad, he was fine, nothing to write home about. Chef Luke did come out, and he is the nicest guy you'll meet, I love that guy.  $85.00 a person. Not crazy by any means, but I am not sure this is best value for the money in this city of great options. See my review of Takashi below - that meal, with wine pairings, was only about $20.00 more than this place. With wine pairings, mind you.  I must note that the portions are very small - obviously people want appropriately sized portions for a multi-course meal, but I think each portion, except for dessert and the cheese, and the first, could have been about 15%-20% larger. I am not saying this was a rip-off, but the price point, in my opinion, was slightly high. Just slightly.  I still give this place 4 stars.  Very nice ambiance overall, well lit, well decorated.  There you have it. I'm glad I went, but next time I want to spend $225.00 for a dinner for two, I will likely choose someplace else.
