Could NOT be HAPPIER or MORE PLEASED!!!  I'm almost 51 years old and have stayed in many hotels throughout my life; therefore, I have a lot to compare with the Hampton Inn & Suites in Chicago. My friend and I made reservations for 3 nights to have a little vacation in Downtown Chicago -- seeing shows, the sights, etc. We stayed our first few nights in another hotel and was SO GLAD you had also made the reservations at the Hampton! BIG DIFFERENCE!! Although we received very good service at the Hyatt Regency Downtown and the rooms were very nice, the Hyatt couldn't even compare to the service, location, and amenities that were offered at the Hampton Inn!! We felt like we were royalty!! The staff treated us (CONTINUALLY and on EVERY occasion) with kindness, respect, friendliness...making us feel as if we were being catered to in our home. EVERY member of the staff (from front desk, to housekeeping, maintenance, food service, doormen) smiled, gave well wishes, always remembered to ask if there was anything they could do for us, etc.!! The rooms were immaculate, and if there was anything that was needed/missing or required attention...there was someone to take care of the need instantly!! For the price...well, in Downtown Chicago, breakfast alone could cost $20 per person. But, at the Hampton Inn & Suites Chicago, they put A LOT of effort into the breakfast buffet and ensure that all guests have an enjoyable, relaxing meal. Each morning, we were also approached by management staff who were asking us about our meal & stay and whether we had everything we needed. It is clearly evident that they care about the opinions and needs of their guests!! IMPRESSIVE!!Unfortunately, I became ill while staying at the hotel (had NOTHING to do with the hotel...just came down with a virus). I had better care from the Hampton's staff than I ever did as a patient in a hospital, and their concern about how I felt physically was touching and heart-warming!! I had a continuous supply of teas, juices, medicine, whenever needed and more get well wishes than I ever would have expected!!Location -- you can certainly find GREAT and AFFORDABLE restaurants, shops, and entertainment within walking distance!! (Unfortunately, that was a big problem when we spent our first few nights at the Hyatt Downtown. The Hyatt Regency Downtown was very expensive and you needed a cab to get to most places.) I will admit, tho...yes, the Hampton Inn & Suites Chicago is across the street from the fire department, and the noise from the engines can be alarming. BUT, inside the hotel is a relaxing, peaceful get-a-away; besides, what big city doesn't have 'city noises'?!A BIG THANK YOU to all of the staff at Hampton Inn & Suites for your welcome, the hospitality, care, concern, assistance, and making us feel that we had a clean, warm, comfortable, and friendly home-away-from-home!! Keep up the EXCEPTIONAL work!!
