Went here last night for an early Valentine's Day dinner. I'd say it's closer to 4.5 stars than 4. First impressions: This place is BIG, and DARK. I don't know why, but I thought the place would be much smaller than this. It's not actually so big, but it has two rooms and seem crowded because they really know how to pack the tables in. As far as atmosphere, I really liked the dim lighting and the decor, but it's a little too romantic for how loud and crazy this place can get. If you seat 60 people in a small room, it's gonna get loud. Because of the loudness, I wouldn't recommend this place for a first date. I couldn't hear the server when she was telling us about the specials (she was also a bit of a mumbler, so that didn't help), and it was hard to hear my boyfriend at times. We didn't mind shouting, but this is definitely not a cozy, quiet place. The food: We started off with the awesome spicy miso but decided against more appetizers so we'd have more room for fishies. We had the white dragon roll (AMAZING! Get it and thank me later), the Sunrise roll with mango, tuna and mint (very good as well), the spicy scallop roll (lots of stuffing, not much rice = perfect) along with some super white tuna (buttery and delicious) and some toro (expensive fatty tuna, but yummy for a special occasion). I had dessert waiting at home, so I can't comment on that. Just looking around other tables made me want to order more rolls though I was completely stuffed. The service: Meh. That pretty much sums it up. Our server was okay. She seemed bored and was really soft-spoken. I don't really care much about service, but she did get annoying at the end of the meal with clearing our table 4 or 5 times to send us the message that it was time to leave. At one point, we joked that she'd come back and blow out our candle. She also took the check after we'd paid and before we were ready to leave to get her tip which I always think is just a tad rude. Overall, I will definitely come here again for a special occasion type night when I want to bring only one bottle of alcohol for 2 people. (Our food came to over $20 per person so no fee, but I heard they charge a corkage fee if you don't meet this requirement. That's just tacky.) The sushi was good and it came out very fast for us, though I've read other people had to wait quite some time. Service could be better but no major disasters, so I'd give service an adequate 3 star rating.
