Anyone ever had a slice of Humble pie before? Well I have. It's served right alongside the other appetizers on Revolution's menu; it's bitter aftertaste not congruous enough to be situated amongst the sweeter pies under the desserts listing. (NOTE: Humble pie is only served to select diners, predominately those residing in Lakeview, Lincoln Park and Old Town, who tend to shy away from the "hipster" scene. See hostess for qualifying details.) Fiance and I dug into our Humble pie with greal zeal last Friday night, after having a splendid evening dining on delectable small plates and sipping on tantalizing micro brews; while being served by superbly pleasant bartenders and wait staff. Ordering several appetizers to share and a few micro brews is the way to go. Brews: Iron Fist- Favorite of the night. A little heavier than their light beers, but enjoyable with a variety of small plates. And is that peach I smell?! Bottom Up- Oh so yummy. The perfect substitute for a Gumball Both beers were only $5! Such a steal, I can't even say Hipsters drink overpriced beers just for the fun of it. Foods: Bacon Fat Popcorn- Bacon, crispy sage & shaved parmesan. You read that right. And once the popcorn is gone, a small lake of bacon fat puddles at the bottom. Pork Belly Confit- Apple puree, cider gastirique & frisee salad. Strange but delicious. Getting a little salad on your fork and then the pork is the way to go. Sweet Potato Cakes- Ginger, garlic & curry spices with red pepper cream. Oh Momma. So OMFG good. Sweet potato and curry is the way to my heart. Hombre Burger- Smoked poblano pepper, avocado, Chihuahua cheese, red pepper crema & tortilla strips. So unnecessary, because we were busting at the seams full, but so amazing. The burger was cooked a little medium for my medium-well ordering, but it didn't matter once I took a bite into that gooey, spicy goodness. And the hidden gem on the plate? The cream cheese whipped potatoes. Heaven! Oh and my Humble pie was washed down just fine with my Bottom Up, so I could thoroughly enjoy my meal guilt-free.
