Hmmmmmm. Love the space, for sure! Good drinks, absolutely! Worth $12 a pop? Hmmm...if excellent customer service had been included, I'd say yes, definitely yes. Unfortunately, this was not the case. We waiting in line for about 15 minutes, which, for a Saturday night.....sure. Especially considering the hype this place has received. Our party of 3 gets seated at a empty 6, maybe 7, top table. We order drinks and an app. Digging the atmosphere. Good vibe...so far, so good. They tell us they may need to seat more people at our table. No problem, we think and say. Enter waitress/hostess 5-10 minutes later. Tells us that they are going to seat a large party next to us. She offers to move us to a "better" table, and provide a round of shots or a round of drinks - on the house - for our trouble. I look at my girlfriend, and we agree, sure, we'll move. Especially for a free round of drinks. Seated at our new booth table - definitely not a better table, as promised, by the way - we continue to sip on our beverages and are having a good night. Soon enough, we're all running low and decide it's time to cash in on those promised drinks. We order, and the manager comes over and states - AND I QUOTE - " Are you sure you guys don't want a round of shots?". It's clear she's trying to cheap us out of the aforementioned round of cocktails. We say, "No, thank you, we'd rather have drinks." She says, "Are you sure?", to which we reply, "Yes, we'd rather order from the menu!" And so we do. And then continue our happy chattering. Fast forward to 1/2 hour-45 minutes later, when we ask for the check. What does it say? ONE drink comped. Ummmm? Here's the issue, Violet Hour. I loved you when I walked in. We would all have gotten 2 drinks/pp ANYHOW. But your waitress/hostess told us "shots" or "drinks". Note the PLURAL. Not one. We explain the situation to the waiter and he goes to talk to the "manager". 5 minutes pass. 10 minutes pass. FINALLY, this woman comes over to our table and says that she oh-so-clearly stated we were offered a "round of shots" or ONE drink. Which could not have been further from the truth. Not only did she reiterate this inaccurate point over-and-over to the point of complete annoyance, but the worst part was she came BACK again with a horrible 'tude and stated, "I'm going to do this, but i hope you know you got $36 worth of drinks comped." And turned on her heel with an air of complete bitchiness. I've never experienced such piss-poor customer service, especially in a city with so much competition. She ruined the entire experience for us all. I've already shared this story with many people, and.....as beautiful of a place that the Violet Hour is, aesthetically, I will never, EVER go back.
