What a great hotel, located centrally in downtown Chicago, close to any place you'd want to be, all within walking distance, or a really short cabride away. This particular hotel has a lobby that is always packed with people, with a bar and seating areas in the wide open of the lobby with the registration desk tucked away. The bellboys and concierge folks are friendly - and the the rooms are nice. Their suites were an interesting concept.  A 2 bedroom suite was actually one huge room with bar and a dining area/living area, and a single hotel room attached, sort of like a guestroom.  The views from the 43rd floor was breathtaking - all of Chicago RIGHT THERE... WAY DOWN BELOW. Given my fear of heights, this was not the best set up for me, with floor to ceiling windows, but it was indeed beautiful. A little inconvenient was the way their elevators work. With 6 elevators, you'd think there would be more elevators working the 45 floors, but it always seemed to be my elevator stopping at every floor to pick more people up on the way down. Strange.... The bathrooms are a bit small for the size of the rooms, and while they had granite countertops, that was the only noteworthy thing. Toiletries are supplied, and there is a blowdryer if you want. But no bathrobes or other special items you'd find at what I would consider a 5-star hotel. The bed at Hyatt McCormick was more cushy - but that said - with my back problems, the beds at this Marriott gave me a better night's sleep and I felt great the next morning, whereas at the Hyatt's bed, I always woke up in pain. I'm not sure why.... but the Marriott bed was SUPERB for me. Go figure. The entire hotel is non-smoking, so that should be kept in mind if you smoke.......... Room Service is efficient and fast. The coffee was actually quite good, served in a thermos, with two glasses of water accompanying it, and arriving within 30 minutes of ordering. GOOD. In any case, the location can't be beat.  The hotel in itself and the rooms are nice, and the views are fantastic. If staying in Chicago, and you're wanting to be close to the nightlife, restaurants, etc - - this would be an ideal choice.  Incidentally, it is right across the street from Joe's Prime Steakhouse, which I yelped earlier. http://www.yelp.com/biz/
