The problem with places like this, given the exhorbitant cost, media attention, and stellar reviews, is that the bar is set so high, it's nearly impossible to meet those expectations. To set expectations, the meal, including wine pairing, totaled $564 per person in our party of 6. Now, I'm no stranger to spending a lot on fine dining- The French Laundry, Benu, Daniel, Cyrus, and the Bazaar were all extravagant and decadent dining experiences I've been fortunate to enough to try. I felt each of them offered something in the way of transcendent flavors, over the top service, and/or that little something extra to justify the value proposition. All in all, I felt Alinea failed to provide that value. Were the dishes innovative and unique? Yes. Was presentation whimsical, playful, and imaginative? Yes. Was service attentive and informed? Yes. However, was the experience as a whole better than others in this class? No. Was it worth it? NO. Maybe this comes down to personal preference. I'm more a fan of precise, classic plating techniques over the Jackson Pollock style presentation I found on most of the dishes here. Dessert was *SPOILER ALERT* served by Grant Achatz himself LITERALLY shattering a filled white chocolate egg all over our (nicely prepared) table. We were then given spoons. I also had issue with the distinct lack of traditional luxury ingredients. I understand the idea behind creative and non-traditional use of ingredients. But for my money, I'd rather have a nice scoop of caviar rather than a crazy, what-am-I-eating composition of discarded corn products (corn silk, corn smut [huitlacoche], and corn husk). Indeed, the waiter rather cheerfuly informed us that yes, in fact, we were eating trash! The myriad rules and regulations were also off-putting. Buy your ticket online. Wear a jacket. Show up 30 minutes prior to your reservation. Eat this dish in 5 seconds before it decomposes in your hands. Despite the whimsy of the dishes, I felt that the place, the whole experience, simply took itself too seriously. In the end, Alinea will be a once in a lifetime experience for me, because I simply can't justify going back.
