Just to clear the air, I don't frequent these kinds of establishments that often. This may make my opinion more on the novice end; however, for those of us bargain eaters, I'm certain you'll be able to identify. I am the type of consumer who feels a greater sense of satisfaction when the delicious meal I devoured was ONLY $___ (insert some ridiculously low price). Makes me feel like I've got a little secret that those fancy pants counterparts know nothing about.  Yet, here we were... My sweetheart and I. At a $$$ restaurant, a little out of sorts for us simple folks. I was certainly transported to a different time and era. The big plants and lazily spinning fans created a certain aura. The restaurant was fairly busy, but thanks to reservations we were seated promptly at a window table as our hostess wished us a happy anniversary. Although, I am unaccustomed to 1) pricier menus and 2) such romantic settings, I was quite delighted - and I haven't even eaten yet! We perused the menu - I am always grateful when there are numbers next to dishes as I am an ignorant to the ways of how to pronounce Asian dishes outside those indigenous to my homeland. We placed our order with our extremely attentive waiter - I noticed that they don't wear name tags... probably to avoid patrons, such as myself, calling out their names... or perhaps it is to reinforce the idea of a caste system that I'm sure existed in the colonized Vietnam, but I digress! Our waiter, restated our order saying that there was a first, second, and third course. Again, this vernacular, I am only vaguely familiar with. We ordered pho (#11), chao tom (#4), banh uot (#8), tom chon ram (#9), ga xao cari (#31), and ga xao xa ot (#41).  "First Course" began with pho and chao tom. Pho is a spicy soup with vermicelli noodles and it was absolutely delectable. The soup itself had a slight kick to it, but did not over power the flavor of the meat (oxtail).  The banh uot is a MUST eat. I was blown away with how the beef was delicately laced with sesame seasoning and "oh" so tender. My mouth waters at the mere mention... Both dishes 5 *s in my humble opinion. "Second Course" consisted of chao tom and tom cuon ram. This round was still good, but neither is something that I'd crave enough to repeat in the future. The chao tom is an upscale lettuce wrap where shrimp skewered by sugar cane is laid upon noodles accented with cilantro/lime/carrots. Perhaps my taste buds aren't sensitive enough, but I haven't the faintest idea what the sugar cane did for that shrimp. The tom cuon ram was pretty good - these are spring rolls consisting of shrimp and chicken goodness fried with the shrimp tail used as a handle.  The "third" and final course? Ga xao xa ot and ga xao cari more fondly known as 31 and 41. 31 is a chicken dish with mushrooms - delicious again! I don't know how they got the chicken so tender and so smoked with flavor, but instead of postulating as to how it is done I was just grateful that it was done this way. 41 is a light curry with chicken, mango, and eggplant. Certainly different from its Indian cousin, but still very flavorful. After each course, they clear your entire table. I almost stopped the waiter as he took my plate which still had my utensils on it. Luckily, my quizzical expression as he pulled everything away was replaced with relief when the waiter returned with entirely new place settings. Like I said, this was a new experience for me. Normally, you can get me a Big Mac and would have won me over. Overall, this high class experience was definitely enjoyable =)
