Things you may want to know before coming here: 1. It's pronounced Cho-ko, not Zo-ko as I was saying, or Exo-ko as the people in front of me were saying. 2. You can tell el empresario saw an under-utilized utility closet and coat room section in Topolobombo which turned into visions of dollar signs. (Like the sweaters I wore in my early-twenties, it's a tight and awkward fit, and it seems a little forced). 3. You may end up waiting in line for a little while ... outside, but it's really not that much worse than being inside; outside you can still get drinks, it's a lot less cramped, and it's roughly just as pleasant to look at. 4. The food is good and worth the wait. 5. The churros gave me the most delicious and heaven sent hyper-glycemia-induced diabetic shock i've ever experienced; I had seizures of bliss, the onslaught of blindness and potential to lose my foot was well worth it. Thoroughly recommended. 6. Try and get what the guy next to you got because it's gonna look better than what you ordered, especially if what you ordered was a sandwich. Of course, the whole order first -- then sit -- thing makes this impossible on your first visit, so just make a mental note of your neighbors meal for next time. 7. There's a distinct possibility that you could be placed at a small counter... in front of a wall... in a hallway to eat your meal which cost $50 for two. (Yes, apparently the coat room at Topolombombo that el empresario saw as dollar signs has a hallway in it). But don't worry, they put coat hooks right in front of where your legs go, that way you don't have to block the hallway with your big puffy coat -- because it is the middle of December and your gonna want to take it off, plus it's easier to talk to the person next to you if you hang your legs off the side of the chair anyway ... see. But, you could also be put somewhere else, with tables and chairs, or maybe windows. 8. It's only a little on the pricey side, and only a little over-hyped. It's genuinely enjoyable and the food is better than pretty good but not quite pretty great.
