Garcia's is one of those old neighborhood standbys that can take on many rolls (I mean roles, sorry, mind is on sushi right now) depending on what time of the day you happen to be in. Be it an excuse for an afterwork dinner, weekend drinking with friends and eating Mexican food, or waiting in the take out area for a late night burito, Garcia's has something for everyone. Main dishes are reasonably priced, starting from $7 for a taco plate with tacos burried in shredded cheese and veggies, to $15 for the full entrees. The food is good and when the place is not busy, comes quickly. When the place is busy, well, that's another story. At that point, grab a few drinks cuz you may be waiting. By the way, their margarita's have a stealthy kick to them. They taste weak and fruity, but even with a full stomach, you'll feel it later on. Their burritos are awesome. Although I've moved beyond saying they have the best burritos I've tasted, they still one of the biggest. My favorite is the steak burrito with avocado and cream cheese. Having said this, the one thing I don't like about Garcia's (and other burrito places) is that they nickel and dime you after you order the basic burrito. Want avocado, cream cheese, special toppings? Time to ante up. On the plus side Garcia's is open late and when I'm out late, I'd much rather order here than take my chances with some Speedy Burrito place that may or may not cause digestive discomfort later on. All in all this is a long time establishment that has seen Lincoln Square change all around it. There are better places, but for most people on the northside, Garcia's will be good enough. Interesting Tidbit: I know two friends that while pregnant, couldn't get enough of the burritos from this place. They claim it was something in the food that made them crave Garcia's. I still think it was an excuse to finish the entire burrito. One still craves Garcia's at the oddest times of the day. Pros: Good all around Mexican food, reasonable prices, decent service and ambience. Take out is available. Cons: Prices on the high side for some, can get crowded and service suffers when this happens, can probably find better Mexican food for the price. To sum it up: It's Lincoln Square 2007. Be happy there is a Mexican place like this that is still around in this area.
