It's rather remarkable that I am just getting around to reviewing a place I've frequented since I first moved to Chicago, when it was located on Jackson Boulevard, and where since that time, I have probably been to the place more often than any other restaurant in town. From the office outings when we drank in excess at lunch to the times here with countless visitors to the city, Greek Island has delivered every time. This time I was with my favorite Texans, The Fernando Gang. I love Mediterranean food best of all, and the menu here offers some very fresh and flavorful choices. Some of my favorites are the Horiatiki or country salad (sans lettuce,) the Spinach Pie, the Avgolemono Soup, the Gyros, the Fried Cod with Skordalia, any of the Seafood kebabs, and of course the lusciously mushy Moussaka and Pastitsio dishes. Cannot forget the Saganaki, either. And I love the make-your-own- combo option with smaller plates at half price. Some of the menu items, especially the specials have gotten a bit pricey, but the standard Greek favorites are still around $12.95-15.95. Such as the combo platter of lamb, moussaka, stuffed grape leave and meatballs, We indulged in Saganaki, Spinach Pie, a couple of combo platters including the Veggie Combo, which got kind of a "meh" review. A whole Bass arrived with the head and tail and was filleted a table by our very efficient and enthusiastic server. The fish was good and moist, but had an odd kind of inky flavor. Perhaps it's supposes to. Sharing of a creme caramel and baklava really blew us all away. Both were the best we'd ever tasted. No coffee for us. Fernie and I washed this down with our fine and well-chilled Greek beer. The thing which always has amazed me here is how quickly they get everything out of the kitchen when they have as many tables and rooms as they do. There has never been a time here, in spite of the always frenetic and crowded environs, when I have experienced either slow or bad service, or felt as if I was being rushed through my meal. And in spite of my old curmudgeon-like disdain for big crowds, I find it stimulating and fun to eat here. Actually, the people-watching is a large part of the Greek Islands experience. So that, the Mediterranean fare, the memories of meals and celebrations past, will always bring me back here at least every couple of years. A perfect place to bring your best of friends and share.
