This was one of the most decadent and delicious meals I have had in a long time. I came for the 'soft opening' with a large group of friends and although this is supposed to be the night where they are still working out the kinks, everything was perfect. We sat at the bar while we waited for our party drinking the most ridiculously refreshing watermelon infused vodka and eating the burrata, which is a jar of cream stuffed fresh mozzarella with olive oil and salt. It was maybe the best thing i've ever put in the mouth... until we sat down and ate even more. As we perused the large menu, slighlty overwhelmed, Lily who is one of the managers suggested we let her choose an assortment of appetizers and small plates for the table and we could always add more. By the end of the night she basically ended up bringing us the entire menu and there wasnt anything I didnt like. My absolute favorites included: My favorite appetizers were this board of cheese stuffed foccacia which was $15, but is probably has like 10 pieces in it and the polenta of the day which had a pork belly ragout on top. These were two of my favorite dishes - talk about comfort food. The roasted corn salad was incredible and really was more like a family style side dish and the beet salad was so good and I dont even like beets. The giant ravioli stuffed with spinach, egg and ricotta was like a burst of flavor in your mouth.... you wont want to share! The Pizza Della Fattoria has pork belly, potato, scallions, asiago & bechamel sauce with an egg on top and was melt in your mouth good. The pizza have 8 small slices and are only $8-11. Just when we thought we were going to die from being so full they brought out a roast chicken which I thought I was too full to eat until I took a nibble and it was AMAZING. I am not a roast chicken girl and this was one of the best things on the table. Everything on the menu is reasonably priced and everything I put in my mouth was incredible. I dont even consider myself an Italian food lover but I would describe this more like New Italian. Great place for groups or date night - I highly recommend it and cant wait to go back!!
