My husband and I got married on July 10, 2011 and had our ceremony and reception for about 80 people at Zed. Since the first day we mentioned via email that we wanted to have our wedding there, there were nothing but positive feedback and invitations to come and try what they offered. We were able to enjoy a complimentary brunch on our private time thanks to the manager that offered to cover our bill when we said we would have our wedding there. During our tasting, we enjoyed the drinks and food that would be provided at the buffet area, as well as all TWELVE meats that would be passed Brazilian style for our guests. Overall, we can not complain about the service and the location. We did not have to decorate much. We only had to provide centerpieces and tablecloths in order for the place to get a full wedding look. All of the guests enjoyed the architecture, and how intimate of a feel we had throughout our entire event. The manager and event planner, Sammy Ojeda, were present at the event until we left and extended their appreciation by offering complimentary items on our bill. We did not give them 5 stars because the email responses sometimes were delayed, but always asked to be excused for this. Also, it was EXTREMELY warm. I understand it was an 85 degree day and there were lots of people, but I think they should have turned on the A/C a lot earlier and higher when it was empty. Also, I had stated for them to set up the tables and decor while our wedding party had left with us to take pictures in the city and allow people to start eating since we didn't have photographers/videographers all night and because it was so warm on the rooftop during cocktail hour. When we returned from pictures, they still hadn't finished setting up (an hour later) and people were still outside in the extreme heat and humidity. I understand it might have taken a long time to setup and make sure everything was in place before allowing people to come in. They also went out of their way to set up table name cards on stands and tables that I had not don't prior to the wedding day. We believe that at weddings people always criticize the food first, then everything else. Zed makes sure there is a high quality and quantity of everything they offer. There was a variety of appetizers, entrees and soups there at an incredibly reasonable price. The waiters, manager and maitre d were outstanding with catering to each one of our wants and needs. Our family and friends continue to boast with us and others about how it has been one of the best weddings they have ever attended. They enjoyed having different environments to talk or dance. They loved the Chicago style rooftop outside to be able to chat at a normal volume and having a dance floor if they were in the mood to dance inside. We wouldn't have wanted our special day any other way.
