Wow. So my husband and I celebrated our first anniversary last night. Our boss managed to get us a reservation at Schwa and we may be indebted to him forever. No, he won't hold it over our heads. The experience was just that good. He recommended some types of wine to bring for ourselves (dry riesling and a cote du rhone). Though it's BYO, the guys had some stuff they poured for the tables, including a really awesome beer. Make sure you take something to the kitchen. We were told wine, which is what we got after a long beer versus wine debate. (My chef husband and all his friends usually prefer a cold beer after their shifts). It seems they really dig whiskey, so that's a good option. We did the 9 course, and there wasn't a single disappointing dish. They sent a few extra things, and we loved every bit of every dish. The "meltiest" salmon I've ever had was served to me last night-- and I mean that as a compliment. It was.. happiness in a dish. We've eaten at some amazing places, but this was our best meal in Chicago. I know I write that fairly frequently, but I mean it each time. The food was fun and playful and delicious. I like how Carlson and his guys never let you get bored-- you'll get something very savory, followed by a primarily sweet dish. My husband, who loves ground cherries like nothing I've ever seen, said he would eat the "flowers" dish on his death bed. Before that dish, I didn't really care for ground cherries. Now I'm a convert. The food is amazing. Everything's well balanced and anyone who says they love food should eat at Schwa. Service-- For anyone who doesn't know, there is no real wait staff. The chefs and Michael Carlson's brother, Seth, do everything. They are awesome and, really, who better to talk about the food than the folks who make it? They joked with the tables, danced randomly to the music, and made us laugh. For the first time ever, I was really sad to leave a restaurant. I want to be friends with those guys. Atmosphere-- So relaxed. We were completely overdressed-- I wore a black dress and he wore a suit. (Those worries disappeared as soon as we were eating). This might not be the best place to take your elderly, conservative grandparents, but it's great for anyone who likes to have fun. The music was completely unexpected, but set an awesome mood. At one point (I believe we were eating rabbit), a song in which "Kill her" was repeated started BLASTING from the sound system. It shocked everyone and I thought they'd rush to turn it down. Nope. And I'm glad. I usually whine about music being too loud, but my husband and I could still converse so it was fine.  I want to go back as frequently as we can get reservations. I've never had such a good time during a meal. I know it's hard to get a reservation (and from what I read, hard to keep one), but the struggle will be rewarded.
