So, it was nice. It was romantic, quaint, had low ceilings and tight quarters. The lighting was low. We bought the ol' discount on Open Table of $30 for $60 worth of food. We heard it was a great place and we visited for my husband's birthday. Valet was $10, and a tip on top of that. Consider it. But... it is downtown in Lincoln Park, so what do you expect, right? We weren't seated until about 20-30 minutes after our reservation time, but I can't complain much because they gave us a great seat and we didn't have to sit in those old, uncomfortable church chairs they had at the other tables. We were given a booth. Salads were brought out just after drinks. The dressing was a bit horseradish-like. No options to choose from but luckily we enjoyed the spice. Immediately our hot oil was turned on (sad they didn't offer a hot broth instead like The Melting Pot does) and our cheese was brought out. It was Greyere, but had a bit of a cheez whiz taste. Hate to say it. It was okay, but not amazing. I guess I'm just really partial to them making it fresh at my table like TMP. The sides were decent. There's something about a beer base and cheddar that is just so much better than whatever they were serving. It's a shame because usually the cheese is my favorite part of the meal courses. Not much time after our cheese was removed our meats and veggies came out. A bit odd deep frying vegetables. I love cooking them in broth and wished that was the case here. Instead, the hot oil made what would be a healthy choice of fresh veggies and turned it fatty. The 8 dipping sauces were okay and I ate most of the veggies raw with some sauces. Chocolate fondue was brought out with an assortment of dessert items. We received a few marshmallows, strawberries, bananas, pound cake pieces, grapes, maraschino cherries (yuck! what about fresh?), and graham cracker crust crumbles. The brandy needed to burn off first and then we ate. The check was dropped off with our dessert which we didn't love. It was as though we were being rushed. Before we had even finished out dessert, we had our credit card slip signed. It was clear that they wanted to seat our table for the 3rd time that evening. For full course fondue, we were in and out (from sitting at the table to getting our car) in less than 1.5 hours. That's record time for fondue which is meant to take a long time! Another complaint is the amount of dust I saw hanging on lamp shades and curtains. It just seemed like that place needed a deep clean. Since the lighting is always dim, it may be hard to notice. It was okay. I'm not sure I'd go back. I just like TMP much better in terms of quality. This place was more romantic and less commercial, but I expected the flavors to be better.
