Oh, Crisp. You teasing temptress. If I had known the power you would wield over me, I don't know that I would have started my flirtation with you. A flirtation that has now become a torrid love affair. A fixation, if you will.My friend, Adam, turned me on to Crisp. I remember him saying that when they first opened, he went there every day for a month. My friends and I tend toward extremes, so I just sort of sloughed off his talk as sort of a throwaway remark. Months later, we ended up in Crisp. I followed his advice and ordered a Not So Common Crisp fried chicken sandwich. (I just had a Freudian slip of a typo that read: sandwiSH. That's beause i *wish* I could have one right now.)He raved about the chicken, but I wasn't really expecting that much. I mean, how much can you really do to fried chicken? I bit down into my sandwich and my life was changed. I couldn't really even put into words what was up with this sandwich ... and I didn't even try one of their sauces. I just get my sandwich ... Not So Common, no cheese, plain. And it's just something beyond a regular chicken sandwich you have somewhere else. I don't know what they do to it, but it always leaves me thinking about it -- and craving it again the next day.If you get the meal with fries and a drink, you get this ridiculously huge side of fries. Seriously. It's awesome. I can tend toward liking my fries on the thick side. These are thin, like the old school McDonald's fries. And before you consider that an insult -- remember how good McDonald's fries were in the 70s? Just enough give and a shitload of salt? These fries are just SO good.There's not a ton of seating in the place -- it's communal benches, but I think that's pretty cool. It's interesting to watch people figure out how and where they're going to sit and figure out that it really *is* okay to share space with people. There aren't that many people that work there, so it was really nice to have the workers start to know me by name (they ask for your name when you order so they can let you know when your food is ready). They probably think I'm a little As Good As It Gets, what with all the ordering the same thing all the time, but they're very nice to me anyway.There's only one thing wrong with this place ... they're not open on Mondays. I know even God rested a day, but c'mon! You can't get someone addicted to something and then not let them get their fix. That's just cruel. I was ready to get my chow on the other day. I called up my partner in crime. I did a little small talk, just to be polite. Then, I asked him if he had eaten. Turns out he already knew where I was going with this conversation. And then he dropped the bomb on me. Crisp was CLOSED on Mondays. Oh. Right. Now what would I have? The only other thing that bums me out about Crisp is that they close too early for this night ... owl. 9 p.m. is too early for a grrl who sees midnight as a goal for getting to bed early. But, can you really see these things as reasons not to eat there? No. They are just reasons you *can't* eat there at certain times of day. That's all. Go. Run, don't walk. Fly, if you can, to Crisp.
