I do not like giving out 3 stars because it does not help the reader when making a choice to go to a place...and I was really on the fence for Chicago q...so I decided to bring in simple math. I made a list of everything I experienced and gave it a 5 to 1 stars and then divided it by the number of categories. Drum Roll Please.... Chicago q came up with 3.88235294 Stars!!! I told you I used some math.  I will break down my categories that brought me to that number. (score - category - description) 5 - Service - Our waiter Brandon was so cool and laid back...he never rushed us, in fact, we were eating dinner for like 3 hours. 5 - Decor/Comfort - It was really nice in here. We were sitting under the giant light well which gave us some nice natural light. The chairs were cushy too and that's why we sat for three hours...we didn't want to leave. 5 - Company - There is nothing like having a great dinner with a coworker and friend! 5 - BBQ chips - They were really good and a nice free treat. 4 - Bread & Butter Pickles - I don't even like Bread and Butter Pickles but these were really good. 5 - Four Sauces - Okay all of the sauces were so good. My favorite was the spicy one with the pepper flakes floating on top. 5 - Pulled Pork - It was really good...it was my favorite meat that we had on the table. 2 - Beef Brisket - It seemed uninspired to me. My friend loved it and it was his favorite. 1 - Pulled Chicken - Really boring and not very tasty. We both agreed that this was our least favorite meat on the table. 2 - Corn Bread - It was just dry. I love corn bread and I was not a fan of what we were served plus we were given one small piece of butter on top of 3 pieces of corn bread. I needed like a bucket of butter to make it taste good. 5 - Hush Puppies - Put cheddar and bacon in a round ball and throw it in the deep fryer, then it better be good!!! The spicy dipping sauce was also really good too. 5 - Arugula, Spinach, Bacon, Poached Egg Salad - This was one of the more creative salads I have had and it was really good too. I would not have this as a special salad but move it to the permanent menu. 5 - Baked Beans - These were a meal in themselves...I am quoting my friend, Peter W...I have to give credit where credit is due. My wife who tried leftovers asked if she could just walk in and get the baked beans. The giant pieces of beef really set these baked beans apart from anyone else. 1 - Award Winning Baby Back Ribs - I know that these ribs have received an award but I do not know why...maybe the same love did not go into our rack that we received as the rack that one the ribbon. I am sad to say this but I make better ribs at home. I think the dry rub was nice on the outside but I was not happy with the finished product of the meat. It took a couple of days for me to really think about the ribs. 2 - Key Lime Pie - The crust was amazing but the filling they made was like a whipped topping for Lemon Meringue. It was light and airy and did not even have a lime taste to it. I am a huge fan of Key Lime Pie and I would recommend you take this off of the specials because the filling is not that special. This was a real letdown. 5 - Seasonal Four Berries served warm with Ice Cream - This was the star of the show. I normally do not even like this dish but I was blown away by it. Everything was so fresh and good...this needs to come off of the specials and be on the everyday menu. So that is how I came up with my rating...I had to bring math into this because I was really going to issue my first 3 star review and I couldn't do it.  Some additional comments about the evening. The service was amazing. Brandon was great and he even put up with all of my questions and jokes. This place is like fine dinning BBQ. If you have been to a BBQ place you usually place your order at the front window, grab a seat and wait for your name to be called. This place is the complete opposite of that. The one thing I didn't like was that nothing was hot when it was served to us. Maybe I do not know anything about BBQ but I would have liked something to be hot. Every time we placed our order, our food arrived in under 2 minutes...I know that it is BBQ and it was cooked hours before but it would have been nice to have warm food that seemed to take a little longer to get once we placed the order. I know call me crazy!!! I am not sure if I would come back here but if I did then I would get the pulled pork sandwich and drown it in the spicy BBQ sauce. I would also add on an order of those baked beans. Also this place does not look like a BBQ place from the street. In fact, I have been going by here in a car for the last 10 months and I had no idea this place was BBQ. I thought it was some expensive french restaurant. I do find it weird that you can not even smell the BBQ outside like you can when you go near any other BBQ joint. So I was really surprised, when I read about this place on Yelp a few weeks ago!
