Woo pig sooie! What a feast. Publican has it all covered. I can't believe it has taken me this long to get to this West Loop gem. This place kind of reminds me of a cross between comfort food and a beer hall. There are a bunch of long wooden tables for communal dining and some two tops surrounding them. There are also a few pig pen type tables with barn doors that looked cute. Huge pictures of large swines are all around, just in case you didn't notice what they specialize in here. If you are a less adventurous diner or on a diet, this may not be the place for you. Located right in the heart of the meat packing district, you can get practically anything you'd like here. It seems like they serve it all, from the rooter to the tooter. Heart, sweetbreads, rabbit, pork rinds, charcuterie and foie gras are all here for you. Plenty of options for fish or veggies, if you don't feel like satisfying your inner carnivore. Pony up and let's strap on the feedbag, shall we? This menu is perfect for sharing, so you may want to go with a group. It was a bit tough for us to navigate our way through the menu as it is more tapas style and nothing seemed clearly appetizer or entree. We started with the beet salad and burrata. This was an excellent start. The yellow beets were really tasty and nicely paired with the creamy burrata. We also had the pretzel with Bavarian mustard that reminded me of those enormous ones that we wolfed down over many beers at the Hofbrauhaus. My wife had the sea bass as her main. I had the half hog they call the "Ham chop in hay". When this platter of swine hit the table, I felt like calling over other diners for back up. This gigantic portion must have had about a dozen chops and ribs. It wasn't until I had worked my way through a few of them that I made it to the flavorful grits and ramps underneath. This dish was a winner and I'm pleased to report that I put away most of it. I wanted to save room for dessert and I'm glad that I did. Double chocolate cake with bourbon county stout caramel, bananas and coffee ice cream. That satisfied a chocolate fix very nicely and the french press coffee was great too. I did say it reminded me of a beer hall didn't I? Hearty Belguims and Germans are on tap and if you can't find something to your liking there are a few dozen bottled global options. I really liked the Weissbier they had on tap and we had a couple of rounds of it. Sadly, the service was a bit off. We were there early because we had a show to catch later in the evening. Although I discussed our situation with our server, he just couldn't keep us on schedule and we waited a good hour between courses. Dinner menus had not been printed when we were seated. Wrong dishes and drinks were constantly arriving at our table. Food arrived before we even had our first round. Overall I really did like Publican. Paul Kahan's trifecta of culinary excellence has reinforced my rather biased belief that my West Loop home is the city's best restaurant area. I'm looking forward to returning for brunch or maybe just a few rounds. Serve up some great cuts and pair it with a few tasty pints and I'll squeal like a pig for you.
