Call me sloth. After gorging myself at this fantastic restaurant, I don't think I'll be moving much today. As I saw my 10 year anniversary fast approaching, I remembered the incredible food and pampering service of Tru and booked a table to celebrate. I had simply forgotten how much of both we were in for. Decor is artsy and modern. You walk into their lounge and it's like hanging out at the MOMA. There are really cool paintings and sculptures all around. The tables and place settings were really neat too. They even have little "seats" next to the table for ladies purses. The food is delectable. Two sides of our personalized menu featured many appealing and tasty options. Chef's tasting on one side, with a few a la carte indulgences like Kobe beef and foie gras. Prix fixe options on the other side. I consider myself a pretty savvy diner, but I still needed some help in figuring out just what some ingredients were. I started with the langoustine in bouillabaisse and my wife had the heirloom beet and apple salad. Our starters were accompanied by tasty little mousees that were just popping with flavor. Lobster mousee for me and apple, goat cheese and celery for the lady. Don't be shy about sharing. No need to limit yourself to just what's on your plate. Our entrees were the ginger flavored Scottish salmon and the spiced venison with cabbage and pear chutney. The fish was a huge fillet in a kind of Asian preparation that was scrumptious. My venison loin medallion was spice crusted and beautifully bloody. I'm glad that I had the venison, because it was the best thing on our table that night. Next up was the cheese cart featuring a dozen offerings of cow, goat and sheep. We selected a few that appealed to us and made quick work of them. The Cypress Grove Humboldt Fog being the best of our selections. For dessert we opted for the Granny Smith apple and the invigorating peppermint. The apple was a sort of filo dough apple pie with an apple sorbet and port sauce. The peppermint was a dark vahlrona chocolate mousse topped with minty cream. These were both sinful. Just when we thought it could not get any better, we were bombarded by the petit four cart, or what I like to call "How many of those can I have?" Some of these savory little treats included pineapple marshmallows, macaroons, truffles and lollypops. Oh yes, and they also brought over their chocolate explosion and and a caramel cupcake which they personalized for our celebration. I couldn't even get out the door without being handed a to go cake. Truly an amazing meal. Service is spot on and as good as it gets. We were greeted with "Happy Anniversary" the minute we stepped foot inside and they did everything possible to pamper us throughout the evening. We were even presented with an envelope including our keepsake menu. Black or white napkins to match your outfit, which were neatly folded if you left your comfy chair. Servers were dressed in very nice suits and flocked like schools of fish to present dishes to the table with synchronized timing. Everything came out of the kitchen on brass trays and they made quick and polite clearing of dirty dishes and utensils. Everyone was knowledgeable about the entire menu and offered up suggestions and insight to help us along. They really went out of their way to make us feel special, confirming my call to celebrate at their fine restaurant. They even had our car waiting outside for us. I just love being pampered and this was an unrivaled experience in fine dining. Put on your best threads and take someone special here, it's going to be a great evening.
