This place is swanky!!! After our anniversary dinner (and dessert) I suggested that we go check this place out. My boyfriend was on board so we walked down by Big Star and couldn't find anything! Well after crossing the street we noticed that people were entering a mural (yes, a mural). The doorman was wearing all black and we had to stand in a hallway with a velvet curtain with another couple while they found space for us. The house rules are hilarious, you can't use your cell phone inside. You must have proper attire, no flip flops please! The last one is definitely the best; don't bring anyone that you wouldn't bring to your mother's house for Sunday dinner. I haven't seen them enforce any of these rules, but everyone was generally well behaved on a Thursday night. We waited about 5 minutes and then were escorted to a table with two giant (tall) green leather chairs with a tiny circular table. The chairs are set up to be private (so for just the two of us) but there are little pods and all of the chairs are connected. They also have a bar area to sit at as well as booths for parties of more than two. The chairs aren't all that comfortable and it is dark and dim in the place, but that goes with the whole speakeasy feel. It's loud inside. People are chatting, couples are romancing, and the indie music is blaring. Everything in this place screams "trying too hard" but it wasn't as if I didn't enjoy the extravagance. I asked for something "fruity and light" and our server made the perfect suggestion, the Vodka Cobbler. I could drink this drink all night and my buzz snuck up on me fast. My boyfriend ordered something with root beer liquor. I am not a fan on root beer so I passed but he raved and raved. The service is a bit slow and expect to wait 10-15 minutes or more for your drink to come after you have ordered, especially on a busy night. Since the drinks are so involved (and there are a ton of options) it takes awhile to get your drink. We didn't have any food but the menu was short and to the point. My boyfriend and I both agreed that we LOVE this place and now we just need some classy friends to bring!
