What can I say? I haven't had a meal that was this good in a really long time. I was so happy with my food and service the first time on a Sunday, that I went back with a friend on Wednesday of the same week. I met up with a friend on Sunday to catch up on the past week. We decided to go here on a whim because our original place was closed. Thank God. I don't know if I ever would have gone here otherwise. I didn't even know about it! I feel like I've been missing out all this time. Anyway, when I saw that it was a cajun/creole place, I immediately had a taste for Jambalaya. We got there just before 3, which is when they usually switch from brunch to dinner on Sundays. However, Mark, one of the owners told me that they had a crazy brunch and were running a little behind. I asked if they had jambalaya and he said he would go back to the kitchen and see if they were ready to make it. He came back and told me no problem. I didn't see it on the brunch menu, but I figured it was on the dinner menu. Either way, it was delicious and Mark was so incredibly nice. Our server was a little flaky, but she was nice and let my friend and I catch up and we took our time with our Linner (lunch/dinner :P). I had my leftovers for lunch the next day and they were just as good. I told another friend about how good the jambalaya was, and she said she'd been wanting to check them out, so I figured, why not? When I got there, I looked at the menu for the jambalaya just to see how they described it, and it wasn't on the dinner menu either! I asked our server about it, and she said, "Oh we always have a pot of jambalaya in the back". I ordered something that wasn't even on the menu, and I had no idea! And they didn't say a thing to me about it. I felt so bad! Especially since they didn't make a big deal about me ordering it at all. That in itself is reason for me to go back. But back to my Wednesday meal. They had daquiris on special for $5 each, and they had a ton of different flavors. I figured since I couldn't decide between two, I'd get both flavors. I went with the Key Lime first, and I was about half way through it, and I already felt drunk, so there was no way I'd be getting a second one. $5 for such a stiff drink?! I really can't say enough good things about this place. I ended up ordering the Reezy-Peezy, which I had no idea what it really was, but it was so different from anything I'd had, but it was so amazingly good. Oh yeah, and we had the crab cakes as an appetizer, and those were also so delicious. My friend got the shrimp and grits, and there were so many good flavors in her dish too. She got the Red Velvet Cake (which was baked to order) and I got the Mississippi Mud Pie. I really like to bake, so I'm generally disappointed with desserts at restaurants when they make something I know I could do just as well at home. Big Jones had not disappointed me all night, and did not do so with dessert either! The bartender (I think she was another owner or manager) came and talked to us and I told her how impressed I was with everything, including the jambalaya incident. Bottom line, amazing food, and friendly staff that is attentive but leaves you alone?! I think Big Jones is one of my new all time favorite restaurants. It will be yours too when you go. I promise.
