This was our second time at Shaw's, we have been to the Schaumburg location once and this was our first time at the Downtown location. This is a tricky review to write because I felt the food was very good, but the overall service and experience was mediocre. My wife and I went to Shaws to celebrate our Wedding Anniversary. We got the babysitter, made the reservations, and were really looking forward to a great dinner My first negative impression were the 8-10 homeless people in front of the estabhlishment that heckled my wife as we valeted our car and she walked in. Nothing against them, however I think it is the establishment's responsibility to provide a safe and non-threatening environment for it's guests. We had 8:15 reservations and the host staff was GREAT, seated us promptly and gave us a good table. Once seated it did take our waiter a long time to come and greet us, talk to us. Once he gave us a few minutes to look over the menu, it took him nearly 15 minutes to come back and take our drink order. I saw that he was dealing with a decent sized party in a private room, but couldn't feel that we were kind of being thrown to the side since it was the two of us. Once he took our drink order and appetizer, it took another 15 minutes to bring us our two glases of wine. Again I noticed him working the private party, nothing against private parties, but this was our anniversary. Once our drinks and appetizer came out, we said we were ready to order, he stated that he would be right back and went back to the private party, another 15min passed before he came back. We placed our order and I asked for another glass of wine to be served with the meal, when the food came, no waiter, no wine, and our order was screwed up. After waiting ten minutes, I asked another waiter to locate our server and he did very quickly. Our order was fixed and I ended up accepting that I wasn't getting another glass of wine, maybe he forgot, but at this point I was just trying to enjoy a meal with my wife. Now onto the positive, once we got our food, it was very good. Our california rolll we got as an appetizer was GREAT!!! Perfect way to start the meal. Our main dishes were good as well, the filet's were tender, my garlic shrip were cooked well, and the scallops were right on the money. My wife subsituted a crab cake for the shrimp and she really, really enjoyed the crab cake. Overall, the food was really good, however the overall experience was less than desired. I know we aren't a big private party and we don't go downtown for dinner often, but we were customers and definetely felt that we were thrown off to the side. As far as going back, I don't know, the food was great, but service and overall experience play a big roll in choosing a establishment to celebrate at. My advice, give this place a chance, but if there are two of you, don't expect the best service.
