This is a long one, but Doug deserves it... It's the weekend, and resisting the urge to sleep-in is an arduous task. Recounting last night's festivities makes slumber's temptation even more of a welcome embrace, and I can't even begin to formulate a To Do list. Incentives work--like Saturday morning cartoons, or a fear of God, or the stumbling, awkward "Who are you again?" to that groggy eyed stranger who tried to take my kidneys last night. But none are relevant at this point in my life. I know for certain that I can rise like the morning wood for one thing: the promise of a Hot Doug's trip to savor multiple encased meat delicacies. Going before noon on a Saturday ensures that the line is only out the door, not down the block--a true testament of Doug's popularity. The General Gist... Folks--especially out of towners--laugh in my face when I suggest this atypical hot dog stand in Avondale. How does it differ? Well, owner Doug Sohn is a Kendall College culinary school alum. The man is a trained chef, bringing his discerning tastes to round out perfect sausages. Doug doesn't stop there, adding a specials menu loaded with creative touches. From rare game meats to gourmet toppings, one can savor a smoked rattlesnake sausage covered in blueberry-port sauce and then smothered in smoked gouda cheese. So, when my dubious visitors see the menu, their jaws drop. Then, I get to box their ears and shame them into promises I know they can't keep. The transparency of a fool acting smart is an easy call, but everyone loves it when the intelligent play with idiocy. The atmosphere is bright and colorful, as if painted by a clown--a happy entertainer, not one of those sad, alcoholic ones. It's covered by all sorts of wiener related humor, sometimes divulging into phallic jokes. Doug works the counter and takes your order, cracking jokes with endless line of customers with an equally endless wit. That, and with all the kids around, he's still plays Fear and the Dead Kennedys over the P.A. It's $1.50 for a regular dog. The specials (changed on Fridays) run about $6-$8. Order a large soda and you're eating in, Doug will probably recommend the small soda with free refills. The Personal Touches... Hot Doug's initially drew me when catering a party I attended, and he talked about his quest to find the perfect veggie dog. A vegetarian at the time, I respected a solid veggie dog and was further impressed that it was called the Howard Devoto--an obscure nod to The Buzzcocks' first singer. With repeat visits, I realized what I was missing by eschewing meat. Then, one Saturday afternoon, in line, I broke down and threw ten years of vegetarianism out the window. Occasionally I'll call in sick to assuage a Hot Doug's craving. Once, while ordering the Celebrity Sausage, that week's celebrity was eating in the restaurant. He took my photo and it appeared on the Chicago foodie messageboard The Lth Forum. Busted. Even Heaven has its Drawbacks... Everyone gripes about the hours. Monday through Saturday, 11am-4pm. And Doug takes long--but much-deserved--vacations. He'll warn the public on his website, so it's wise to check before heading out. Often I've made the mistake of showing up to a darkened storefront, but nothing was more crushing than showing up at the old location to see the upstairs neighbor moving out and the ceiling completely charred from the infamous fire. Speaking of which, I do miss the old space near Roscoe and Western. Only because I could walk around Roscoe Village's charming commercial strip afterwards to walk off the meal. The Midway Games headquarters is across the street from the new location, but I doubt one could just walk in and start playing Pac-Man. For vegetarians, understand that this is a hot dog stand. Doug cooks the veggie (but not vegan) dogs on the same grills as the rest of the sausages. That, and his renegade disregard for Chicago's foie gras ban landed his photo in the New York Times. I'm sure PETA has a warrant out for him and he'll have red paint thrown on him by an activist in a giant bunny costume. So, today is Friday and I'm slacking off work just to write this tome... I've got plans Saturday morning that doesn't involve American Gladiators. Do you?
