After hearing such raving and wonderful reviews about this place, I decided to finally go try it out last night. I had such high hopes when I walked into the place but left feeling a bit let down. First off, although the staff was cordial, I got the feeling I was literally being "rushed" out of the place. This could be attributed to the fact that I arrived about half an hour before closing; however, if they took me in as a customer and were going to take my money, they should treat me like any other customer. I ordered the recommended Tiger Cry beef for appetitizer and was disappointed. Although the menu said the beef was char-grilled, what I got was mostly burned, inedible pieces of beef that were bitter to the taste, spare a few pieces towards the middle of the pile. Next, came the potstickers. Two out of the five pieces were so hard that I couldn't even bite into it. I had to use my chopsticks to literally pry it open just so I can get to the pork inside and toss the dumpling skin aside. The only thing I was totally impressed was was their yum woon sen (noodle and chicken salad). It's one of the best I've had and is probably their saving grace. The only complaint I have about this dish is the fact that they used mainly ground chicken instead of actual chicken strips, which most other Thai restaurants use in their yum woon sen. Their Kee Mao noodles was just alright. I've had better but there really wasn't anything too special about it. The plate was a bit small and was filled more with veggies than chicken or noodles. Also the fact that I got ALL 4 dishes at once practically made me feel as if they wanted me to leave asap, because by the time I got to my main dish (the Kee Mao noodles), it was starting to get cold already (it was the 2nd dish to arrive out of all the plates).Overall, I was unimpressed by the restaurant. I don't know if I'll be dining there anytime again soon. Hopefully I'll just chart this down to being there as their last customer. I wonder if there delivery service is any better...
