I have to say, I was really excited about eating at Revolution Brewing. I signed up to become a member of the Party a couple of weeks ago. I figured since I'll be moving into the 'hood soon, I might as well spend the extra dough for the first growler and reap the year-long benefits later. Last night, was my first experience with the food. So let's do this in two parts: the beer, and the food. The beer (the good): No serious complaints here. Is it the best beer in the world? No. Does it beat the offerings from Peace and Half Acre (my other two grower refill locations of choice)? Certainly. So far I've had four of their beers: The Workingwoman brown ale, the Anti-Hero IPA, and a heavy triple ipa and another liter lager-body beer whose names I currently forget. The Workingwoman was a little disappointing. Should have gone for the the Workingman, more than likely. It was a little soapy for my taste. And the perfume? It smelled like the glass was not washed all the way. Smelled like old food and dishwater than an Eau de Toilette. The Anti-Hero IPA was much better. Though the other IPA's hops had an almost grapefruit tartness, this one was much more mild, and a much better paring with most food. The bad (the food): I have to say, the menu here looks delicious. But the end results? Very disappointing. A friend and I split: Bacon Popcorn; the beet, mushroom, and duck bruschetta; the special pizza: bacon, pea puree, goat cheese, basil, and egg; and the pork chop with mushrooms, gravy, and cranberry (sauce?). Everything looked great. Reality, however, was much more disappointing. Our bruschetta was, by far, the best part of our meal, especially the beet with onion and goat cheese. Perfect. What I was most excited about was one of the biggest failures. When I heard about bacon fat cooked popcorn with parmesan cheese, I said "Sign me up!" However this seemed more like an awful stoner snack gone institutional. The bacon fat made the popcorn chewy. Along with the chewiness of the bacon and the half melted cheese, a bite became a chewy mess in my mouth. Even worse were the entrees. The pizza had a soggy crust, the ingredients didn't come together like I thought they would, and the egg was totally overcooked. I'm a HUGE fan of a sunny-side up egg on pizza, because the runny yolk can be cracked and spread 'round the pizza. This one was totally overcooked. And the pork? Almost every element was oversalted. The meat was cooked to perfection! But you could barely taste the character of the meat because of all the salt. The Ugly: Two beers, two apps, two entrees: $75 without tip. Wow. Wayyyy too much. Especially for totally uninspired food. I feel like the chefs here are not doing the food justice. I totally support creative cooking, and will always endure a miss as long as the cooks do their part to execute it well. However, I feel like a soggy crust and completely oversalted pork are two things I cannot forgive. I'll keep coming here for the beer, and maybe some finger food. But I'll have to wait for a while to try a $12 10 inch pizza again.
