Honestly, before visiting Chicago, I never heard the name Rick Bayless. I had heard of his brother, Skip Bayless, the generally disliked and criticized sports analyst. But with Rick's name splattered all over the place and on the hotel information TV channel, I figured we had to try it. We attempted to visit late one evening but left when told the wait was about 2 hours (at 9:30 on a weekday). Never mind that there was no one waiting and about 3 tables were empty on the patio. We came back at noon the following day and were seated right away in the casual side labeled Frontera Grill. Immediately I suspected the food quality to drop significantly for Frontera patrons rather than Topolobampo customers. We ordered the chips and salsa which were a good representation of Mexican flavors and were fairly authentic. They served a verde and a red salsa. We ordered three plates to share. First the grill roasted corn with Serrano cilantro mayo and cheese. Sounds fancy, but it is basically a lot of cilantro and tiny bit of Serrano and mayo in a food processor. It had zero spice or heat which means there was little or no Serrano added. This was slathered across roasted corn-on-the-cob and sprinkled with queso fresco. It was just okay but only $4.50 so I can't complain there. Next was the sopes rancheros; "crispy" corn boats with beef, tomato, and avocado. What it really was? Four bite sized soggy corn boats with shredded beef covered in red chile/tomato sauce with mini specs of avocado. They tasted alright, but definitely not as advertised. You get overwhelmed by the thick corn masa. Finally, our last small plate was the Chicken in Poblano Crema. Grilled chicken with roasted poblanos and potatoes in homemade sour cream sauce. What it really was? Flavorless small chicken cubes, with large chunks of potato, mixed with tons of spinach (where was that in the description, Rick?), and about 3 or 4 tiny strips of poblano served in a 4-inch by 2-inch mini skillet accompanied by 3-inch mini corn tortillas. You can make about 4 mini soft tacos but that's it. I would say about 65% of the skillet was spinach. I spent my time searching for chicken, finding a piece, and then realizing it was a potato. The sour cream sauce was bland. You want this at home? Cook 1/3 of a chicken breast, cut into cubes. Cut potatoes in bigger cubes about 2 to 1 in number to the chicken. Grab a handful of spinach. Cut 4 pieces of half inch by half inch poblanos. Mix sour cream with chicken broth. Mix all ingredients, put in oven until potatoes are soft. Enjoy. I've eaten at many very nice and expensive restaurants in many different cities throughout Mexico. Frontera flavors are NOT authentic. Either Rick Bayless is in it for the money, or he only puts effort into his Topolobampo restaurant. Regardless, I don't see any Bayless restaurants in Houston, Dallas, Las Vegas, Miami, etc. etc. where Mexican food is well known and very popular--might be a clue.
