Ethiopian food is, hands down, my favorite type of cuisine. I am a sharer, so I love that everyone's meal comes on a big plate and you get to enjoy everyone's choices. I love how many vegetarian options there are on an Ethiopian menu, and how varied and delicious each one is: an array of stewed vegetables and beans, unique spices, and beautiful colors. I also am a sucker for food that is supposed to be eaten with your hands, because I am five years old. So when a Groupon for Demera showed up in my inbox, I snagged it, hoping I'd have a chance to stop by during a whirlwind weekend in Chicago. We ended up here for dinner on a Sunday night, and the restaurant was fairly busy: despite having a reservation, we waited for about ten minutes (although we insisted upon an outdoor table, since it was a gorgeous night; we would have been seated immediately inside). Service was a little harried but always friendly, and our orders were taken promptly. With the Groupon, we were given a prix fixe menu with our choice of one appetizer, a vegetarian messob (with six different portions), drinks, and a dessert.  We started with the beet salad, which was served with two types of bread. It was the perfect way to start the meal: spicy and fresh and a great portion size. Our drinks were delivered just before the messob, which was a little weird, but there was some confusion about the fact that we didn't want wine (two straightedge vegans walk into a restaurant...) which might explain the delay. But all was forgiven when the entree arrived: a huge, beautiful, colorful plate of injera topped with six different vegetarian selections. We had lentils, we had collard greens, we had cabbage and carrots and split peas, and oh my gosh, was everything delicious. We couldn't finish it, which was disappointing, but we gave it a hell of a try. The thought of attempting dessert after this gigantic meal was horrifying, but we hoped to bring home the sweet sambussa and have it later, but they didn't have any more available. We instead opted for the Ethiopian fruit medley, but unfortunately, without a refrigerator in our hotel room, it wasn't edible in the morning.  I'd have loved to try it, but we just couldn't stand another bite of food after dinner. Demera was a really good experience, one of my favorite Ethiopian meals in recent memory -- hopefully they'll be equipped to handle the incoming Groupon business.
