I would have been easily giving this place 5 stars if it were not for the prolonged wait and terrible system for seating patrons. We had 9pm reservations and arrived fifteen minutes early. We were steered downstairs (where there is an incredible lounge reminiscent of an Amsterdam cafe) where we waited a bit, but they have no way to call you when your table is ready. You are supposed to walk up stairs and through the restaurant to check and see if you can be seated. Not cool. We were seated at 9:40, which would have been an issue had I not been in the company of two great ladies and a solid cocktail.  Gilt earned back it's stars by serving us simple and amazing food. We began with a sweet dish of roasted garlic covered in aged balsamic served with crusty bread. We paired that with the tenderloin tare tar which was above average but lacked anything beyond the typical tare tar dish. Flavors and seasoning were well balanced though. I ordered the braised pork belly which brought me to my special place. I gently closed my eyes with each bite as this gorgeous flavorful slab of succulent swine made it's way to my stomach. I reluctantly shared (only because I love my friends... had I been in lesser company I would have faked the dish to be bad and kept it to myself). One of my friends ordered the ricotta gnocchi with brown butter sage, which was very tasty... again, simple but done right, with great local ingredients. We also had a side dish of creamed corn which was outstanding and had a nice bite of jalapeno to it. Upon the end of the dinner our waitress approached us and offered her apologies for the tardy seating and brought us some hand made toffee flavored caramels. She also mentioned that she would remove an appetizer, which was a great gesture. Interestingly enough, the appetizers were removed but we were charged for the dessert! Huh? Strange on principal, but I figured what the heck, let's enjoy the night and move on. BTW - the caramels were out of this friggin world. They ranked up there with Michael Mina's 25yr old Macallan butterscotch sauce which I asked to take home...
