So last night, I finally got to devour the porky goodness at Purple Pig with some French friends (yes, I'm still obsessed with France and Frenchies). We had made plans to meet at PP between 6:30 and 7. A busy time, but one at which everyone was available. Personally, despite our long wait, I really loved the food and I would love to go back (especially to try the dessert!) I arrived at PP at about 6:40 and waited for my friends to arrive. I put my name on the list (thank God, there was a wait of over an hour so I'm glad I got my name down instead of waiting for everyone to arrive first). One of the servers took my drink order (dirty martini, up, 3 olives) and it helped to pass the time waiting for everyone to show up. My friends began to trickle in at about 7:00 and we were asked to wait in the back of the restaurant. We formed a circle in the back hallway and passed the time drinking more martinis and catching up. Although the wait was really long, we all wanted to try the food at PP. At one point during our wait, my friend spilled some of her dirty martini. Oh and btw, the staff had also made up some olives stuffed with blue cheese, specially for our martinis! I call that GREAT service. When my friend spilled some of her drink, they brought out another mini carafe of vodka to refill her glass! Free booze = awesome. When we finally sat down, this is what we ordered: Marinated Olives Laughing Bird Shrimp and Clams with Rosamarina Winter Squash Arancini & Sage Pesto Panini: Salami Toscana, Goat Chese, Black Olive Tapenade Jamon Serrano Cheese: Bucheron, Podda, some blue cheese A la plancha: Jamon Serrano, Oyster Mushrooms, Fried Egg with Grilled Bread Sepia with Almonds and Fried Rosemary There were also 2 different white wines that my friend chose, but I have no idea which ones they were. Regardless, they were delicious. My fave dishes out of the above were the: Laughing Bird Shrimp and Clams with Rosamarina (like a delicious cold seafood orzo), the Panini (a wonderful combo of flavors), and the Plancha dish (you cannot keep me away from fried eggs). I really wasn't disappointed by anything and there was so much more I would have liked to try. I really appreciated the service we got at the restaurant. We weren't sure if a 6th person was going to join us. He did show up right at the moment when we were sitting down and they deftly added another chair for us. It was great! Also, gratuity was already included in the check, so that made things a lot easier.
