I was expecting more. That's basically my summed-up experience. One thing I will say, is that half the fun is the surprise element of the food, so reading all the reviews is not the best idea. I did it- because I wanted to know what that price tag was going towards- but it definitely took away from the experience and if there's one thing I'd recommend is STOP READING THE DESCRIPTION OF THE FOOD. and STOP LOOKING AT THE PICTURES! STOP! RIGHT NOW!! For that much money, I expect the things I eat to be REALLY DELICIOUS. Not just "good, and cool presentation!" but REALLY DELICIOUS. Overall I would say maybe 3 courses I would say that, the rest were... pretty good. Like I said, I expected more. Also, I made the reservation for a special occasion (first wedding anniversary) but nobody asked me if there was an occasion when I made the reservation. Most nice places do- even a Morton's will ask you, and then print "happy anniversary!" on your menu. Nothing here. Like I said, I expected more. GT Fish and Oyster wished my husband a happy birthday when we arrived, and when we were seated, and then gave him a birthday gift before we left. THAT is service. Alinea could learn a thing or two. However as far as service goes, I was pretty pleased. I didn't have any of the issues I saw other people comment on. My husband and I don't drink, and nobody pressured us to order something we didn't want. We did several of the house sodas which were tasty. The bottom line is that it really is an event to dine here- my husband liked it way more than I did- partly, I think, because he hadn't read all the info on the courses and was genuinely impressed by what came out. I thought it was all pretty good. A couple of courses (everyone mentions the same ones, for good reason) were amazing, and the rest- pretty good. I wouldn't do it again, but I'm glad we tried it once. **Side note: funniest part of the night was when one of our courses that comes... well, sort of balanced on other stuff, slipped off onto the table. The servers all froze, and I swear, the guy who dropped the stuff looked like he was going to go do hara kiri in the kitchen in the back. I think I laughed and said something like "man overboard!" because I was trying to ease the tension but I don't think it worked. Poor guy.
