Wow, this is tough love. Since Wakamono opened only a few years ago, this was my favorite sushi restaurant in Chicago. No, in the US. Okay... it was my favorite restaurant, period. Was the 1 star a mistake? No. The following is a tragic love story... My fiancee and I found this place when we first moved to from Pittsburgh to Chicago. Living in a neighborhood (East Lakeview) where you could throw a stone from your apartment window and probably hit a sushi restaurant, it was tough to decide where to get our sushi fix with so many close to our place. Wakamono's eclectic decor (koi fountain, minimalist earthy features) drew us in. We were were greeted by friendly wait staff, even the chefs (who we eventually began to know by name) said hello and were very social. However, it was the jalapeno miso soup that made me fall in love. I could eat this perfect soup all day. It was the opposite of the bland miso you find at other restaurants: not too salty, real miso paste, fresh seaweed, and a jalapeno kick that keeps you begging for more. The music was fantastic: indie, house, acoustic, pop imports. There were cool trinkets at the bar, romantic candle lighting, and seating that encouraged conversation. Oh, and the place is BYOB (always a small corkage fee though). The rolls were fantastic. Yo la mango and Peter Parker's Spider Roll were orgasmic. The prices were always steep. BUT it used to be that the high prices were paralleled by excellence in freshness, preparation, quality of ingredients and healthy portion sizes. My fiancee and I celebrated our anniversary every month there. The chefs knew us. The wait staff knew us. We were welcomed regulars. I took my fiancee there just before I popped the question. I even took my mom there. Notice all the past tense in that story? In the last 3-4 months, this all changed. Apparently, management has shifted. The place is now very cold (figuratively). The music is now mostly oriental muzak (like in suburban strip-mall Japanese restaurants). They raised the prices by $2-4 on many items. The rolls are smaller and taste less fresh. The wait staff hustles you to order and rushes you out. Of course, this is due to the fact that the place is always packed between 7-9pm over the summer and weekends. So the place got popular, and like a band that sold out, they raised their prices. This has nothing to do with BP, or cost of goods sold. This is simply an attempt to drain a higher profit margin from the yuppies that now inhabit it. I don't expect to be treated like royalty, just because I've shelled out $50-70 month as a friendly regular, BUT I don't even feel human there anymore... even at the adjoined bar (Wang's). We sat down for a late-night cocktail, but walked out after being literally ignored by the bartender who was off to the side chatting with his friend. No joke. I like to think that we're nice, decent-looking people, but the place makes me feel like a mutant now. Part of the reason why the food quality diminished is because of the departure of lead Chef (and amazing human being) Alfredo. Alfredo invented most, if not all of the (now kind-of bland) fusion rolls on the menu. However, this story has a happy ending. Alfredo opened his own restaurant in Logan Square that blows this yuppy-fest out of the water. We now bike 4 miles out of the way to get great sushi and even better service. It's called S@kura, and it's a game-changer. If you don't want to leave the neighborhood, at least give your patronage to one of the other smaller shops--or risk being robbed by a sushi shop that got too cool for its own good.
