It's not a myth - this place absolutely serves the best cocktails in the city. On top of that, it's also Chicago's most gorgeous bar. The Violet Hour models itself after a turn-of-the-century speakeasy with its signless exterior and handcrafted Prohibition-era cocktails. From the outside, the bar is unidentifiable with its unmarked wooden sliding door, save for the line that quickly forms by 10 pm. Patrons are allowed entry only if open seats are available to encourage conversation, and cell phone use is prohibited. The result? A bar filled with just the right amount of in-the-know clientele who appreciate the extra effort.  Most of the seating consists of gorgeous dark blue high-backed chairs with candlelit glass tables. Light blue walls with white accents and dark wood give the room a gorgeous sheen of color that pops beautifully through the candlelight. Booths and seats at the bar are also available, but neither feels quite as elegant as the chairs.  Precision and attention to detail go into these drinks like I've never seen. One round of drinks can take up to 15 minutes for your server to bring back to the table, but the wait is well worth it. Violet Hour handcrafts its own bitters, syrups and even various ice cube shapes to best complement each type of drink. It's impossible to go wrong with a cocktail here. Two standbys I always try include their seasonal sangria (so far the summer sangria has been my favorite) and any of their drinks with egg whites. The egg whites sound a bit strange, but they add a frothy, delicious texture to the cocktails that makes them truly unique. The cocktail menu is divided by liquor type and includes extensive options based with rum, whiskey, brandy, tequila or other spirits.  Service has always been excellent here. Everyone demonstrates a knowledgeable, friendly attitude, and I'm impressed with how familiar servers are with the nuances of each cocktail.  Some are turned off by the waits at the door that can last up to an hour or longer, but going earlier in the evening (around 9 pm) or with a small group can mitigate much of this. Also, this is one of the ONLY bars I'll still wait in line for. Considering that I stopped doing this at most bars several years ago, that's a pretty bold statement for me to make! Many times, I've reassured curious first-timers next to me in line that the wait is worth it. And worth it the Violet Hour is. If you're looking for a classy spot with drinks that taste as good as the decor looks, this place is a must-try. You'll walk away feeling like you've just discovered one of Chicago's best-kept secrets.
