I went tonight for the first time in many years. I remember when I first came here ten years ago, I was bowled over by all the great cuts of meat and a salad bar that was second to none. I still enjoy the cuts of meat, don't get me wrong. And the service is excellent, just as I remembered from before. I think this meat is the best of any of the Brazilian emporiums, and their salad bar is still that good also. I have a few issues with this place now, though. If you like wine as much as I do, this is not the place for you. I'm serious. The wine list is an abomination. Why? When they charge upwards of $50 for pedestrian offerings that I can find at Costco for $12, that's a joke. When a pour of a 2007 vintage port runs north of $30, that's a joke, also. Do they even decant these bottles and remove the sediment ahead of time, I wonder? (I think some of the Northern Rhones, the very few offered, anyway, weren't quite as harsh on the markup ratio, but at $50 for my food already, and without a corporate expense account, it wasn't in the cards tonight.) Not only that, you'd think that they would bother to carry some Portuguese table reds, and maybe even one or two tannats from Uruguay. Just a big majority of pedestrian grossly marked up offerings, that's how I viewed this wine list. And no madeira, either. It's a shame, because someone could put some real thought and consideration into crafting a wine list for a Brazilian meat emporium, but this place chooses not to do so. As it was, I had a caipirinha which set me back $12, but at least there was some novelty to that experience. Better that than a pedestrian glass of wine for $12, anyway. And not only that, they want you to pay $30-35 corkage fee (I forget the exact amount) if you want to bring your own bottle in. Either way, they get their big markup, I guess. I guess if it was on my expense account, who cares, but I just can't get past the price gouging this place feels it must engage in. The real reason they do this is because they can. When it's all about expense accounts, this is what happens. If you don't have a corporate Amex, think twice. I think if I come back, I will be drinking iced tea, anyway.
