I went there for a special date night with J. It was fun getting dressed up to go out on a real date again. After being together for years, we just took going out on a date for granted. Not anymore! Not going to lie, we went there because we got the buy one get one free coupon in the mail. We went on a Thursday night... didn't think we needed a reservation, but we apparently we did. We waited for about 40 minutes.  While we were waiting, we went to the bar. The bartender seemed like she was new and a bit flightly/slow. We wanted a bottle of red wine to go with our meat later. I asked to sample between two different Malbecs (both offered by the glass... so it would be no trouble to have a quick sip). She didn't know she could do that and had to ask permission- Strike 1. We picked a bottled and she wanted us to close the tab with her. No problem. But she didn't know how to ring up a bottle- she was like most people get win by the glass not bottle, so she had to ask how to ring it up. Okay fine- Strike 2. Then it was time for her to open the bottle- she didn't know how to open it properly, I asked her if I could help, otherwise, the cork would break... she said no, she got it. Long story short, she broke the cork and had to get someone to help her get the cork out without it falling into the win. Strike 3. We finally got our wine, it did have a little bit of cork floating it in, but whatever... didn't want to deal with her again. But if someone is going to get a $55 bottle of wine, I would expect it not to have cork in it... but whatever. We got to our table and we gave our waiter the coupon. He didn't seem happy about it- I guess there were a lot of people with the coupon. Plus- we had already gotten our wine at the bar as well, but whatever.  The salad bar was good- I loved the raw oysters. I love the mushroom risotto as well. Everything was labeled and clean and fresh and it was good. The little rolls weren't as good as they were at Fogo, but it was decent. The salad bar here is better... so its a good tradeoff.  The meats were good- it didn't seem like they came around that much. J literally had to flag one down because he passed us twice! The server didn't seem as attentive to us than he was to other tables who didn't have the coupon. Oh well. The meats were good- but whenever I seem to ask for medium rare, I never really got it. Some cuts were better than others. It seemed like there were a lot more chicken and pork rather than the actual beef as well. The kicker was when the manager (the only time he came over) about 1/2 way through our meal asked us if we left our bottle of wine at the bar. He didn't asked how we were doing or how to meal was or if he could send over any of the meats for us. He was like the bartender said that you left your bottle of wine in the bar. We still had our empty bottle on our table... Apparently this girl thought it was our bottle of wine (even though she opened the bottle, poured a glass or two for a server who to ordered it for another table and forgot, and then thought it was our bottle). We could have said yes and taken the bottle, but 1) we were honest and said no, we took our bottle of wine to the table and 2) we still had our empty bottle ON OUR TABLE IN FRONT OF HIM!  We MIGHT have taken it if the server was more attentive and took our empty bottle of the table... but it would have been wrong. But then again... 1/2 a bottle of wine would have been nice considering the poor service we got from the bartender and server!
