I went to Alliance Bakery today around 4:00 pm. The wonderful cakes in the window make you want to go in. There were two counters with one person ordering at each one. So we waited behind one of those people thinking that we would be next. While waiting a few other people came in. They waited on one other person at "the other" counter and TWO other people at the counter where we were standing waiting to order. There were at least three employees behind the counters waiting on people. They would have taken another customer before us as well if we hadn't finally said something. I know, we should have said something immediately but we try to be nice, it happens so fast and then you figure ok well no big deal we will be next...however, that did not happen in this case. (We were standing right up at the counter looking at the employees. In case you are thinking maybe we were off to the side or doing something else. We were right in front of them ready to order!) There was a strange feeling inside of Alliance Bakery. If they had taken our order right away we would have ordered more. So we ordered 4 cupcakes : 1 (unfilled) Red Velvet, 1 Carrot Cake, 1 German Chocolate, 1 Banana. Three out of four of these small cupcakes were dry and didn't taste like much. If your stock is old then you put it in a day old bin and sell it half price or you remove it from the case and do not serve it. They were so bad we could not believe it. The red velvet was not bad. It was fresher. It was not great though. What a waste of our money and time! We have been plenty of places where people act like they are the greatest thing ever. The difference is that they take a customer's order promptly....and they actually have a reason to act that way...they serve good tasting quality food. We have also been places that will not serve you something if it is not fresh. They do not want you to get a poor impression of the quality of their items. I respect that. We often give places a second or third chance. Alliance will not be getting a second or third chance to take our money. My recommendation - don't waste your time or money here. There are good places within walking distance.
