I'm not sure I am even eligible to write a review, considering we didn't even get to experience the place. I had friends in town from Denver, and a mutual friend who really wanted to go to take them to Gilt. So we strolled over to the bar, on a quiet Sunday, envisioning this kickass establishment I had read so much about. While we didn't have a reservation, the hostess was willing to seat us, considering it wasn't too busy. We were given menus, and nothing else. Our party of four sat there for maybe 20-25 mins, and watched multiple servers bypass us. No one ever so much as even came up to us to say hello or even offer us water on a scorching 100- degree day. I'm generally pretty patient, as we were in no rush, and I even took a leisurely trip to the bathroom to check out the rest of the corridors of this place. While I enjoyed the decor, I didn't come there to entertain myself with light fixtures and yet another rendition of modernized speak-easy design.   Upon my return from the exploratory trip to the ladies' room, there had been no progress regarding service. Luckily, we spent a lot of time just catching up and conversing, and we weren't completely consumed by the lack of service attention. But eventually, we stopped talking long enough to study the menu and make our various selections. Our friendly debate about what to order was all for naught, because our presence as paying customers continued to go unnoticed. It was so strange, because we were sitting smack dab in the middle of action, and it wasn't overly busy. Servers just kept flying passed us as if we were a 5-top of ghosts. After about 35 minutes of waiting, I figured someone could have at least turned their head and said something as they walked by, even if it was just to say they'd be with us eventually. I have worked in several bars, restaurants, and the customer service industry for years, so I understand the plethora of things that can go wrong in a bar. But I also place immense value on how a staff handles things with their customers, first and foremost. I don't care if it's a crappy, cheap hole in the wall, or a top rate, highly praised, place like Gilt, you can't drop the ball on customers, period. And at Gilt's level, they should have very little excuse to do so. I even tried to rationalize that the hostess seemed new and maybe she failed to advise the correct server of our presence. That's how understanding I tried to be. I don't usually speak up for fear of being rude, but I finally tried to stop one of the passing servers over the railing by yelling out to them, and no one even flinched our way.    Normally, I just would've shrugged off such an experience and moved on. But it really irked me after I heard so many wonderful things and read so many great press reviews (and obviously my friend loved it so much he fought to get our out of town guests to go there). To top it off, one of the friends with us is a very successful bar and club owner in Denver, and also runs a very well known entertainment and event firm there as well. We thought we were taking him to Chicago place of similar or higher standards, and would offer insight into what's big in our grand city. Unfortunately, it was a waste of time and I almost felt betrayed by everything I had read and heard about the place. It really makes you question your sources.    So, maybe we caught them on a bad day, but you never know who could be sitting at that table you're not really gonna worry about. We finally got up and left, and even as we walked out, and I mentioned to the hostess that no one ever came to help us, she was as lost for words as the rest of the staff.    As we traveled elsewhere, my Denver-Business-Tycoon friend simply said that having to watch customers walk out of your place without even being approached is completely unacceptable. He made a good point, that even if one his places is incredibly busy, he has trained all of his employees to address the situation from the get go. Servers should at least acknowledge the customers' presence and be honest with them and the situation, regardless of how hindered their actual service might be.    At the end of the day, my Gilt experience was a little bit of heartbreak and a new perspective on the food/beverage industry in this town or elsewhere. I'll take every recommendation with a grain of salt, and remind myself that rave reviews might just be the bandwagon, kool-aid drinking words of the masses that often paint over a business that is already essentially pretentious to its core.
