Food: 5 Service: 4 Atmosphere: 4 Value: 3 Shaw's is definitely an upscale, special occasion-type place. My wife and I had some Lettuce Entertain You gift cards so we decided to treat ourselves for a belated Hanukkah dinner. We had reservations on a Saturday night at 8:00, but when we showed up were informed that they were running about 20-30 minutes behind. After a couple stiff (but expensive) martinis at the bar, we were more than ready to enjoy an elegant dinner. Yes the name is Shaw's "Crab House" but it's actually pretty kosher-friendly, with a number of sushi and fish options. After a couple glasses of wine, we decided on having the Tuna, Yellowtail, and Salmon Sashimi and Acupulco Roll (Tuna, Avocado, Jalapeno, and Cilantro) for an appetizer, and sharing the Day Boat Flounder (with potato-chive crust and tomato-herb butter) and Sauteed green beans for our entree. The sushi was everything you would expect from a great seafood restaurant. In a word: FRESH. The Sashimi was a work of art-a perfect cut of every type of fish, and plainly, yet elegantly presented. A little wasabi was all each piece needed. The acupulco roll was equally as delicious. I knew what I would be getting from the tuna, and the avoado and cilantro added great flavor, while the jalapeno added a nice crunch and subtle heat. It was really a breath of fresh air to have such tasty sushi after my experience at Sushi Mura (see my review). The flounder was recommended by our waitress and I'm sure glad we chose it. It was fresh, flaky, buttery, and downright delicious. The potato chive crust acted like a small layer of hash browns adorning the tender piece of fish. There was a depth of flavor and texture that I was just not expecting from a fish course. The green beans added a nice contrast-perfectly cooked (more al dente, which I like), lightly seasoned, and the butter sauce was more accentual than overpowering.  Overall, I expected a nice dinner and that's exactly what I got. I will admit I was close to giving my first 5-star review, but with the high prices I just couldn't justify it. It's also hard to compete with Joe's Stone Crab (one of my favorites and one of the best restaurants in Chicago), which I still prefer. Nonetheless, Shaw's was still worth wait.  [Thanks for reading my review and be sure to check out my other reviews on Yelp. My mission is to find restaurants that have great vegetarian, kosher, and vegan fare. On every review, I rate food, service, atmosphere, and value on a 1-5 scale to give you quick and easy overview of the restaurant. I love cooking, eating, and doing both with my friends and family. I always welcome your questions, comments, and suggestions so contact me on Yelp or Facebook if you want to share ideas.]
