Hmmm...I'm torn on Big Jones. Brunch was pretty fantastic and I've been jonsen (haha, get it...uh, sp?) for more but after dinner a couple months ago I was a bit let down. Brunch was so good I thought dinner would be a can't miss. I love southern cooking so much and when you can't even get some hush puppies right and a pork shoulder sandwich, we got issues.  First off, let's discuss brunch. Cornbread muffins? Yessir! Get all up in der! So good with the honey butter and pepper jelly. My wife ordered a special omlet that has peaches and some kind of delicious cheese. I really can't recall since it's not on the regular brunch menu but the eggs were cooked to fluffy perfection. I went with the delectable corn griddle cakes which were, you guessed it, corn griddle cakes filled with cheddar cheese, on top of black beans, with two fried eggs (!!), spicy green tomato sauce, sour cream and avocado. Hot damn this was fire! Not spicy, as in so damn good. We also had a couple bloody mary's which were pretty damn good. oh, and I almost forgot for brunch they give you complimentary beignets. Hot, moist, powdered-sugary beignets. These were the best ones I've had outside of Cafe Du Monde in NOLA. So, after all that you would be amped for dinner too, right? Well, we came on Wednesday night and the joint was dead. Not a good sign for dinner. Bruch was fairly busy. Menu looked really good and after much thought we skipped the family meal that sounded good but didn't look so great on our neighbor's plates. We went with the Pecan Wood Fired Oyster roast as a starter, which was absolutely fantastic. These wood fired oysters were fresh Virginia oysters cooked over a wood fire with Creole mignonette, garlic butter and some kind of ridiculous cheese. I could have had 10 of these and be set for the night (6 in the order). After this we were really excited for dinner.  For dinner, my wife ordered the smoked and smothered pork shoulder sandwich and I got the Gumbo Ya Ya. The pork shoulder itself was extremely dry and the sandwich overall was rather flavorless despite having vinegar slaw and tart mustard. The fries were ok but nothing special. My gumbo looked great, in a real dark and thick roux but was so overseasoned it was hard to keep eating. The gumbo was just really tangy and did not compare to any gumbo I had in NOLA. This was definitely a disappointment. We also ordered some hush puppies because I love these things but they were a disappointment as well. The puppies were big, but dry and rather flavorless. It was a lot of corn meal and not much else going on here. We also ordered a glass of wine (decent selection) and I had a golden fizz gin cocktail (kudos for using my favorite gin, Brokers, with egg yolk, soda, Angostura bitters ) which was pretty nice and refreshing. Overall, the service was pleasent for both brunch and dinner and I'm digging the old NOLA decor. However, our food came out so slow and the corn bread and water took forever to come out even though there were only four tables occupied. Our server was nice but kept making excuses. She also was a bit overbearing with us while trying to decide what to order and literally would not leave us alone until we decided what we wanted. All in all I'll def be back for brunch. I'll skip dinner from now on as the price is not worth the flavor, despite how good the oyster roast is.
