This is some of the best BBQ I've ever eaten! I am not a huge BBQ fan, so this really says a lot about how much I enjoyed my meal at Q. On a random weekday night, before heading out to Zoo Lights, my boyfriend and I decided to try out Chicago Q. I had seen Chef Lee Ann's episode on the Food Network's Throwdown with Bobby Flay and decided that I had to try this place. After walking in you quickly realize that this is not your typical Chicago-style barbecue joint with aquarium smokers and meager decor. The inside looks like a southern mansion converted into a restaurant. The decorations were very unique and cute. The restaurant was not too busy that night, and we got a table right next to the open kitchen, which is pretty sweet. Chef Lee Ann was greeting people, and she seemed really friendly and bubbly. Too bad she didn't come say hi to us. :( Every table gets complimentary, homemade pickles and potato chips dusted with a rub. These were excellent--we asked for many refills. For our dinner, we decided to share the Kobe Chopped Brisket Sandwich and the Pulled Pork Shoulder. Note: I really don't care for smokey bbq, but this one was done just right. You could see the pink smoke ring on the meat, but the smokey flavor did not dominate. The chefs obviously know what they're doing with their meat. I highly recommend the shoulder! It was so juicy, full of flavor, and not too smokey. The Kobe beef was very succulent and you can tell it's a better quality of beef than most of the brisket you see in this city...BUT the shoulder was better. :) The meat comes with all three of their sauces (Original Mild, Spicy, and Eastern North Carolina Vinegar). Definitely go with the vinegar-based sauce on the pulled pork. We liked the spicy sauce on the brisket. For our sides we selected cornbread and coleslaw.  The cornbread was simple, moist, and flavorful. The coleslaw was a bit too vinegary for my liking but still A-OK and went well with the pulled pork. We also got an extra side of baked beans which were delicious. The service was excellent. The waitress was attentive and our glasses were filled with water all the time. I do wish the atmosphere was a bit more laid back...I mean, who eats BBQ in their suits and ties??? But it is in Gold Coast afterall, what do you expect? We will be back when I am in the mood for some 'cue again!
