I had a very pleasant birthday dinner here with my boyfriend last night, even though I was a little bit skeptical due to some of the under-whelming reviews on here from previous posters. It seems like the restaurant is pretty hit-or-miss, but we luckily had one of the better experiences. First, the pros: - We had the "Collection" 10 course menu, and while the portions were small (as many of the previous reviewers noted), I was still completely satisfied by the end of the meal. I would definitely NOT recommend anyone come here for the 5 course menu as you can pretty much expect to leave hungry unless you already ate beforehand. - In addition to the 10 courses, we were served several amuse bouches, which were great little surprises and really served to highlight the various "intermissions" between the appys, seafood, and meats. - Great service overall - my water was always refilled very quickly, and the servers were all very pleasant - i had noticed that the foie gras lollipops that everyone raves about was no longer on the menu, when to my surprise they brought out 2 for my boyfriend and I before dessert as a birthday surprise! It was very nice of them and I really enjoyed the extra touch, plus they were absolutely delicious! Now, the cons: - While overall the dishes were all well-done, there wasn't really anything mind-blowing for me. There was nothing I just felt like I absolutely had to have again. The pumpkin was probably my favorite part of dinner - I felt like the deconstructed caesar that everyone raves about actually wasn't that impressive, and the anchovy was a bit jarring. - There were definitely a few cracks in the service here and there - at the start we were told to wait at the bar while they got our table ready, even though there was obviously plenty of tables available, and then they made a mistake when we asked for sparkling water and they brought out still. It also took quite a while each time for them to bring out the next course, which can seem longer when the portions are so small! Nothing crazy, but also not what I'd expect from a Michelin-starred restaurant. Overall, I'd say while it's a very decent restaurant, there are many other superior Michelin 1-stars in Chicago. Especially for the price, I would probably eat at Schwa or Next again next time.
