So a ton has been said about the restaurant, but this one's for the hotel, which may be my new favorite place to stay ever, so here goes... First off, I was a little nervous about the whole overnight experience at L&E. The photos on the website looked super cute but the bathrooms looked slightly challenging for super modest couples (read: they're in the shower?) and I kept reading in reviews about the hotel part being an afterthought, the staff being disorganized, etc. Let me just say, the rooms are absolutely lovely down to the tiniest detail and the staff could not have been friendlier or more accommodating. Due to their availability for the dates we were in Chicago, we actually got to stay in two different rooms- #13 which is the cheapest room at just $75 a night and #55- which is the largest room and features a "party shower" and an adorable claw foot tub. I actually quite liked both rooms even though #13 is pretty small. You check in at the restaurant which was super easy and made us more than excited to come back down for drinks and eats later (kinda like checking into a B&B, only take out all the weird and annoying parts). Upon entering the stairway to the rooms we were welcomed by a strong odor of new wood and a giant fur skin (coyote?). #13 had everything we could want for a smallish super affordable place to stay for the night. There's an Apple TV where you can watch unlimited netflix, a mini-fridge featuring organic ginger ale, local microbrews, etc., a bottle opener attached to the wall, a shower where I counted 5(!) shampoos in total, complimentary bottled local water, and my favorite part of all, free whiskey tokens to be enjoyed at the bar downstairs! Oh yeah, and as for the toilet in the shower, admittedly kinda weird, and it does get wet when you take a shower. But is it a deal breaker? No way. And considering the fact that it allows more space for the actual room, I kinda get it. When we checked into our next room, #55, we planned to just leave our stuff with the staff, and come back later in the afternoon after check-in time (3pm) but instead when we came in to the restaurant around 12:30, we were given the keys and told we were welcome to get settled. #55 is pretty incredible. It reminded me of staying at the Ace in Portland. You basically feel like you're staying at your super cool friend's studio. The wall behind the bed features exposed brick, there's a good sized table where we ate takeout from Lula one night, there's the previously mentioned claw foot tub, plus his & hers sinks. Oh yeah, a vintage tape player, crazy amazing mix tapes for all tastes (folk jams, classic rap, rock n' roll, etc.) which are also available for purchase if you happen to fall that in love with them, a pretty eclectic variety of books to peruse, etc. Seriously, I kinda just wanted to hang out in the room instead of exploring Chicago or hanging out with our friends. It's that good. Other stuff I feel obligated to mention: + The amenities! The comp. shampoo, conditioner, hand soap, and body lotion smelled AMAZING and I believe sincerely helped with the ongoing hangovers we seemed to continually wake up with. +I fell in love with the grass scented candle in the minibar basket and decided to light it one night. I was worried I may have just purchased a $40 candle, but nope, for $12 it was totally worth it and made for a good souvenir to bring home. +We wanted champagne and checked out the liquor store next door and couldn't stomach the prices for a decent bottle so we ended up ordering a carafe of champs from room service for a fraction of the price! +The location couldn't have been any more convenient. Most of our friends live around Logan Square which used to make staying downtown a total pain. L&E is located directly across the street from the Logan Square blue line stop which meant a much shorter distance from O'Hare and only a 3 minute train trip from Wicker Park for our favorite falafels. +Hotel guests receive priority seating in the restaurant which meant we ended up eating their a total of 3 times. We never had to experience any waits and felt kinda like L&E royalty. :) FINALLY A NOTE ABOUT THE RESTAURANT/BAR: We had breakfast, lunch, dinner, several pretzels with beer cheese sauce and many, many, drinks at L&E while we were staying. Everything was so dang good it really made it hard to want to go anywhere else. Chad waited on us the most at the bar, who was super friendly, knowledgeable without being pretentious, and just well, a cool dude. I had one of the best omelettes of my life there, and the coffee is delicious. Oh yeah, we're both vegetarian and for a place known for it's creativity with meat, we were super stoked that they offered a separate veggie menu. Whew. L&E = new fave.
