Dined here last night and had an absolutely excellent time. I am a young diner (still in high school!), from Northwest Indiana. I come to Chicago every few weeks to get my food fix. This trip, I brought along three friends and headed to Graham Elliot. The restaurant was modern, as I expected, and definitely had a quirky and eccentric vibe to it. They even serve the wine in giant Erlenmeyer flasks! The music is great too, and definitely seems to cater to the younger crowd. From what I've read and from my experience, it seems like the staff at Graham Elliot is all very young and clever. Our server certainly was. She was absolutely excellent--perhaps one of the best servers I've ever had. Often, teenagers are treated condescendingly in upscale restaurants such as this one, but she was completely respectful and treated us as she would treat any adults. We obviously aren't of drinking age, which would probably have annoyed some servers, but she offered us "mocktails," which we gladly accepted. Also, one of the diners in our party is sensitive to dairy products, and our waitress really tried to accommodate that to the best of her abilities; even pointing us to a drugstore down the street for Lactaid pills. I really like how they explain the dishes after they have arrived, as I have found great differences between looking at a menu and actually seeing the food in front of me. The restaurant had just rolled out its spring menu about a week prior to our visit, so the fare was lighter. Like I said, we started with mocktails. Between the four of us, we sampled Summertime, Rapper's Delight, and Blueberry Hill, our server's suggestion. While they obviously didn't contain alcohol, the cocktails were light and fresh, containing summery flavors. We really enjoyed them and I'm sure they would be even better with alcohol (not that I have ever tried it...) Oh my gosh, I forgot about the popcorn. Amazing. They definitely have something with this idea, because it was so much more addicting than the usual bread and butter. It was perfectly seasoned, and was refilled as soon as the bottom was visible. We ate about two and half baskets. I would come back for the popcorn alone.We ordered off the regular menu, with each of us selecting a small plate (cold/hot) and a large plate (sea/land). I was lucky to be able to try lots of menu items, because as a group we all tried to order different things. For appetizers, we had the duck satay, carpaccio of beef, caesar salad, and sweetbread hush puppies. I highly recommend the sweetbread hush puppies...great texture and served with a wonderful fennel slaw. I also loved the brioche twinkie--some genius thinking going on there. For our large plates, we sampled the lamb, chicken, salmon, and pork. I didn't get much of the chicken, but I did get to try a bite of the gnocchi that accompanied it, which was one of the best things I tasted all night. The salmon was light and fresh, just as it should be. The pork was served with rhubarb jam and a yam waffle. The combinations are so innovative and modern, and they work. Finally, we ordered all four desserts (chocolate, espresso, strawberry, and pineapple), and shared them. The chocolate, which happened to be our server's suggestion, was the standout. It was served with an apricot jam which complemented the salty chocolate nicely. If you're a fan of unique ice cream/gelato flavors, you'll love the desserts here. They contained lavender, cream cheese, and cardamom flavored ice cream, which were all absolutely creamy and delicious.Graham Elliot gets five stars for its young, quirky atmosphere, extremely kind and attentive waitstaff, and innovative, modern, and delicious dishes. We will be back!
