I've been dying to try a Brazilian steakhouse ever since I first heard of Texas de Brazil in Miami. The only thing keeping me away now that I live near three options was the cost. So, I could not have been more excited when I saw the 2 for 1 coupon. I booked my reservation the next day. Wanting to make as much room as possible for what I knew was going to be an immense about of food, I refrained from eating the entire day. When we got their we vowed not to indulge too heavily in the salad bar or on the bread. However, let me just say. They make this almost impossible to do! The servers instantly bring you a piping hot basket of delicious cheese filled popovers. They melted in your mouth and made you want to just keep eating until you were stuffed. I had 2, my date managed to keep it to 1. Then the salad bar. MMM...everything was ridiculously fresh and enticing. I succumbed to the temptation of my favorite fresh mozzarella salad with tomato and balsamic. I went for some fresh veggies, some cheese, and also delicious seared tuna. I typically hate buffet style food, but this I could have kept eating. As we worked through our salad bar choices, the servers brought us some delicious side dishes. Mashed potatoes, creamed spinach and fried bananas. The bananas could very well have been the highlight of my night - crispy and not too greasy, warm and comforting, yet somehow the banana stayed firm and fresh and not over cooked. Then the meat round. I was instantly overwhelmed as soon as we turned our orange chip over. Server after server with dripping juicy meat offerings came by. I wanted to try everything but found myself scarfing and not really appreciating it. I quickly turned my chip back to the "stop" indicator. Sticking with red meat, the bottom sirloin was mouthwatering, flavorful and perfectly cooked. The beef tenderloin was also good but not as flavorful and tended to be a little more cooked than I liked. After sampling most of the meats, I was impressed with the sirloin and rib eye. Despite my craving for red meat, the skewered shrimp did me in. We requested shrimp 3 or 4 times. Finally we ended with the rack of lamb which was not as good but that could have been a result of the mass quantity of food I had already taken in. So we stopped, ordered coffee and ended with the molten chocolate cake for dessert. Everything sounded amazing, but I'm glad we ordered this option. Took about 15 minutes to prep, so our food got to settle and I got to relax and enjoy what I had just done! The coffee was delicious, and the molten cake was as good as any i've had. All in all, this place is an experience that I recommend. I'd love to compare with other Brazilian steakhouses. Make sure you have lots of time on your hands we were seated at 6:30 and didn't get out of the restaurant til 9!
