Wow. Bonsoiree is my new favorite place in Chicago. My boyfriend and I went last Saturday night for our 1 year anniversary. Our only mistake of the evening was that we didn't bring a bottle of wine - he was driving, and if I had that bottle all to myself, I would have been loaded. Alas. Anyway, we were at the 8:30 dinner. It was a 5 course tasting menu. The dinner kicked off with an amuse of (I'm trying to remember this correctly) raw yellowtail, some kind of greens (seaweed?) in a miso dressing. It was fresh, delicious and better than most of the sushi I have had in this city. Once I saw the 5 course menu, I let my waiter know that I didn't eat meat, but I would eat fish/seafood. They took that into consideration and said that it wouldn't be a problem. Fantastic! Our first course was a Pecorino cracker, panna cotta coated with Japanese breadcrumbs, a scallop and a watercress salad with some kind of (light) caesar dresssing. This was one of my favorite parts of the meal. Delicious, complex...MMMMM. The second course was a ramp consomme with a dumpling that contained lima beans and a type of cheese (I forget which one). It wasn't the most memorable dish, but it was light and didn't weigh us down for the heavier dishes coming up. Delicious as well. Since I don't eat meat, my next course (which was supposed to be pork) was substituted with a sweet corn cake that had red lentils on it. There was some kind of coconut peanut sauce on top of the lentils. It was very, very good. The next one (which was supposed to be duck) was halibut served over a mushroom risotto. There was a type of fish sauce on the side that was bound with beets. VERY good. The risotto was fantastic, the halibut was cooked perfectly (moist and flaky) and the sauce added a nice touch. It was subtle and not overpowering. Our dessert was a sort of deconstructed tiramisu. It had 2 ladyfingers with whipped cream/cinnamon on top. There was also a chocolate "glob" on the side, that tasted like it had coffee or pepper in it. I'm usually not a huge chocolate fan, but it was SO GOOD. All in all? Amazing. I had a great time and the wait staff did a great job catering to my veggie needs. I would definitely go back.
