Okay after a long day of exams (Step 2 CS) I had to celebrate. Plus it's my birthday. So I'm going to indulge myself with my friend and his cousin on a buffet of finely grilled meats. And the feasting was delicious. With a reservation for 3 on a Tuesday night, there was no wait. The servers politely explained the process, and offered drinks. I was interested in their Brazillian soda similar to a ginger ale, but they were out! With profuse apologies, they offered a sparkling limeade which I thought had a hint of mint. Absolutely delicious, I think I had at least 4-5 cups of it throughout the night. While still keeping room for the main course of course! After starting with a light "salad" (the only green thing on my plate was a piece of asparagus) let the festivities begin! Here are my thoughts on a various cuts of meat: Picanha - My absolutely favorite. Delicious and flavorful beyond belief. Juicy and tender cuts of meat seasoned lightly but bursting with flavor. I had at least 4-5 generous slices of this cut. Filet Mignon - This was the first time I've ever had a filet, and I had maybe three 6-oz chunks of it. It was delicious and tender, but not as tender as I had expected. Nevertheless it was good, as well as the extra bacon wrapped piece I had. The bacon added a nice crunch and saltiness that can't be described. Beef Ancho - This was a beautiful cut of rib-eye, swirling lines, juicy and tender. Great flavor, the meat really shines. Alcatra - We kept shooing away the top sirloin (I mean, there are so many other wonderful cuts of meat going around) but I had to try it in the end. It had a delicious burn on the outside, and the meat was tender. Really, was I expecting a bad cut of meat at Fogo? Fraldinha - This piece of bottom sirloin was absolutely divine. It was extremely juicy, fatty goodness. Costela - Yes, while my dining companions were blissfully full, I continued my dining experience with these wonderful dry beef ribs. They fall off the bone, was a bit dryer than expected. Quite a contrast to the juicy and tender meats previously experienced. Cordeiro - The lamb here was quite delicious as well, I had possibly my first lamb chop. Not a bad selection, but not too spectacular either. Frango - Bacon wrapped chicken breasts. The chicken was a bit dry for my liking. Never did try the chicken legs, but it didn't seem too exciting. Linguica - Pork sausage. Deliciously spiced, it's a favorite of my friend's cousin. I liked it, but it was a bit on the salty side for me. What an amazing churrascaria experience! I'm so glad they didn't embarrass me because it was my birthday. They simply quietly brought out a complementary chocolate cake with a candle in a slice of strawberry, not singing, dancing, or any of those shenanigans. I'm perfectly fine with that!
