Holy mole! There are very few restaurants out there that actually meet the high expectations that are garnered. This is one of them. I have been a huge fan of Top Chef since the first season and this year's Top Chef Masters spin-off really had me captivated. So it was required that I had to plan a trip to Frontera Grill, the workplace of Top Chef Master champion, Rick Bayless. I had high hopes for trying some amazing Mexican cuisine from the master of Mexican food. This place was packed for lunch. It would have been very difficult to get a table, but luckily I came solo so I was quickly seated at the bar near the kitchen. I knew I had to try a mole dish, but I had a hard time deciding on what to get as an appetizer. It's a lot of food for one person, but hey, I'm not in Chicago very often. The waitress suggested the gorditas and I was set. The Gorditas de Borrego came with three generous sized corn masa cakes stuffed with slow-cooked lamb "chicarron prensado," (which is I guess the Mexican version of bacon) and topped off with avocado and salsa. The corn masa cakes were crispy, but also light and airy. A great start to the meal and each bite had me wanting more. I knew I had to pace myself if I wanted to eat later on, but they were too delicious and fresh to save and pack up. I ended up eating all three. My entree was the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano. The star of the dish was of course the delicious and complex mole sauce drenching the chicken enchiladas. The taste was indescribable, but I will try. Each bite left you with an initial burst of flavor, sweet, bitter, savory, and then it slowly faded to a pleasant spiciness. The mole had so many flavors and layers, but they all came together to make the dish work. The chicken was tender and the tortillas were also good, but they took a backseat to the mole. I've never tasted anything so deliciously complex before. I live in San Diego so I am surrounded by Mexican cuisine. If this was Mexican food, I am not sure what I've been eating for the past seven years. Unfortunately, I didn't see the Master Chef while I was eating, but I later saw him when I walked over to Xoco to check it out. I couldn't miss an opportunity to meet him so when he went back to Frontera, I asked the hostess if I could meet him for a picture. I could see he was very busy trying to manage both restaurants, but he was still nice enough to meet me in the kitchen for a quick photo op. I highly recommend a detour to this restaurant if you are ever in Chicago. It will be worth the wait to try a piece of true Mxico.
