I am now completely in love with encased meats! I recently went to Chicago to visit a high school friend. When she asked me what were some of the "Chicago" things that I wanted to see and do the first thing on my list was Hot Doug's. I told her I didn't care how long I had to wait or how far away it was; I wanted those wonderful encased meats in my belly. I think I about jumped through the roof when she told me she only lived about 5 blocks from it. I arrived in the evening on Thursday and we decided we would get up early on Friday and try to beat the line.  We arrived at 10:48am and started at the back of the brick building. Luckily it was a cooler day, about 80 degrees, and the line actually moved fairly quickly. We reached the counter at 11:38am (40 minutes, not too bad of a wait for the encased meats of my dreams). I was surprised to find the owner, Doug, taking our order. He was very very polite and actually animated which I did not expect to find since there is a constant flowing line of people from the time they open at 10:30am until the time they close at 4pm. Before I left home my BF told me that I had to try something that we would not normally find at a basic hot dog stand. I think he did this so that he could vicariously taste the encased meats through me. So, when I got there and realized the Game of the Week was Alligator, I almost turned around and left, but knew what I would be missing out on. I told my friend that she had to try it with me. So, we ordered the Spicy Smoked Alligator Sausage with Cajun Remoulade and St. Pete's Blue Cheese ($8.50), the Ribeye Steak Sausage with Horseradish Cream Sauce and Crispy Fried Onions ($8) and The Sally Vega, which is a corn dog ($1.50). One of the surprises was that it only took about 4 minutes to receive our order and they bring it out to your table. Another surprise was that I liked the Gator a lot more than the Ribeye. The Gator is hard to describe but it was a mild flavor (not chicken), maybe similar to pork, but still different. With the first bite, I realized that the blue cheese was far too overwhelming for the Gator and my friend agreed. We both wiped all of it off. All it really needed was the Cajun Remoulade. The blue cheese was just too rich and I didn't like how it masked the flavor of the Gator. The Ribeye was tasty but I felt like it was too rich. I had split this one with my friend as well and I couldn't finish even the half. However, the Horseradish Cream Sauce and Crispy Fried Onions went perfectly with it. The only disappointment was The Sally Vega. It was nothing special. I felt like it was just another frozen corn dog that I could buy at the supermarket. When we left I laughed when I saw the Ice Cream truck that many other people had spoke about in their reviews. He found the perfect money making spot, especially when people are waiting an hour to an hour and a half on a hot day. Hot diggity Doug, I will be back the next time I come to Chicago and I'm bringing the BF.
