Woohooo what an experience my friend and I had at Yolk. We got there and the place was packed and there was a huge line waiting. But, you know...we went on a Saturday and since the place still has the new "buzz" going on about it...of course it's going to be packed. We were told 20 to 25 minutes wait and I thought "Yeah, right...with this line of people in front of us?" but sure enough about 25 minutes later they were calling my name. The restaurant itself was cheery and bright. All blues, yellows and whites. The server came fairly quickly and poured me some coffee. I was pleased to see they had a variety of creamers on the table. Ooh, french vanilla! We looked at the menu during those 25 minutes so we knew what we were going to order. I ordered the Iron Man which was an egg white scramble with veggies and avocado with salsa. My friend ordered the belgian waffle and asked for it WITHOUT powdered sugar and some turkey sausage on the side. The food came out about 15 minutes later, no big deal we chatted and drank our coffee and juice. When the server came out with our food he mentioned to my friend that the kitchen had put powdered sugar on the waffle and placed the plate down in front of her. She said that she wanted it without the powdered sugar...so he took it back. No big deal. Server comes back a few minutes later with another waffle. My friend thought to turn the waffle over and..yep powdered sugar on the other side. They basically just wiped some of the powdered sugar off and flipped the waffle over. Great. So she flagged down the waiter and showed him the waffle and he took it back to the kitchen again. The next thing that happens is the reason why we will never go back to Yolk. This guy comes over with a stripped shirt to ask if we had a problem so my friend basically gave him the run down of what happened. The guy, who later we found out was the owner, told us that they normally will just wipe off the powdered sugar and return it to the customer if it is the customers mistake...since the menu clearly indicates that the waffle comes with powdered sugar. (indicating the mistake was ours) Great...wasn't the customers mistake tho. He then mentions that the waiter didn't have it on the ticket that she wanted the waffle without powdered sugar so that is why the kitchen put it on. Fine..whatever...why are we having this conversation? We didn't make a big deal of it when it happened but clearly the owner had his own issues. We told him that when the waiter came over with our food that he mentioned before even putting the plates down that the kitchen had made a mistake and put the powdered sugar on the waffle...so clearly my friend had asked for the waffle to be without the sugar and why were we having this discussion...just get another waffle...one without powdered sugar! He then goes on to tell us that he hadn't even talked to the server yet to see if the server had made a mistake...that the server just brought back the plate twice and he wanted to see what was going on and to explain how the kitchen works when customers make mistakes. (again indicating the mistake was ours) We don't give a rats ass how the kitchen works and the fact that he came to us to read us the riot act without getting his facts straight is just plain shitty. My friend got another waffle from the kitchen, my egg white scramble sucked but the server did come over and apologize and admitted his mistake and actually apologized for the owner as well and mentioned that the owner was "high strung". We actually left the server a good tip because it was an honest mistake and one that he admitted to. Our problem is with the a-hole owner who clearly doesn't believe in providing good customer service and who clearly doesn't believe that the customer is always right....even when they really are right!
