Time and time again I get made fun of how early I like to eat. 6:30pm is apparently early to those who stay out till the crack of dawn. I would not be one of those people. But sometimes it does pay off to be a little early. Hearing about some long waits here I was a little skeptical when I had friends from the burbs asking me to meet them for an early dinner here. Ugh. Is this another Kuma's or Hot Doug's two hour wait place? I feared. Then they said 4pm. I was still a little scared. I mean have you looked at the menu? So tasty. So full of rib sticking options. Burgers and pizza and sweet potato cakes, oh my! I bended. I caved and said yes. On my way there at about 3:55pm, my friend's called saying that they were there and had been seated and were waiting my arrival. Sweet. I found my party after finding some easy parking, (after forking over a foot and a leg for the lovely LAZ parking), and sauntered in, looking about... nice. Woodsy decor, over there the large vats of beer being brewed. Over there, oh hey look at that plate. That looks good. Damn that is a big burger. Oh there is my table, appetizers? A few plates of them? Super sweet. We got the very tasty sweet potato cakes with a red pepper sauce. You get about five or so, luckily I had friends so I had to share, other wise these great little crispy critters would all be in my belly. Then on to the bruscetta. They have four different choices. Oh and you can get to choose which of the four you want. (Wait for it...) Or you get to mix and match. Love it. I also love the roasted cauliflower with the mashed chickpeas, (hummus to you and I), with lemon oil, but what really stole the order was the duck with mushrooms and fontina cheese. These crispy yet super flavorful piece of bread were great. The cheddar soup that my friends ordered were awesome as well, however I am glad I didn't get it. As flavorful as it was, a bowl of it's cheesy richness would have filled me up too much for my main course. Pulled. Pork. Hell yes. When you are starving and needing a large plate of tasty tasty pulled pork shoveled on to a massive, (and tasty and made on site), bun, so huge that you need to eat some of the pork before you could even fathom taking a bite of it as a sandwich, this would be a good place to start. The portion sizes are huge and I feel well worth what you pay. My friend's beef stew was more like "two pounds of beef cooked in this great sauce", (so quoted my friend), yet he some how managed to finish it off. The cream cheese garlic mashed potatoes were made by angels or the devil, I can't decide if they are sinful or heavenly, but no matter what damn good. The fish and chips were good too, but really at this point my eyes started to roll back in my head. Oh wait. Did I forget? Shoot. I must have. We are all gluttons and love to torture ourselves. So. Of course we got dessert. The special of the chocolate cake with some vanilla whiskey sauce was my favorite, (um.. hello? Chocolate?) Certainly you could taste the whiskey and it delivered a punch. I will say as good as it was, the presentation could have been done a little bit better. It basically looked like a brownie swimming in a vat of spiked milk. Perhaps making the sauce in to more of a thicker reduction would be a better option, if it could be done. The cherry bourbon cake dessert was good too. Our servers and really everyone was great to us. The space is lovely although feels a little crowded, almost people stacked on top of people. You aren't, you certainly have your space, but it just feels like it. By the time we got our check, there was an hour wait being quoted. We quickly finished our last sips of water and their beers and we headed off. A food coma setting in with a fairly free night to enjoy it, sometimes it does pay to be the early bird....
