Ah... this hurts because I usually don't go against the grain this badly. But alas, I have to be true to myself. Okee, I have to make two exceptions here to help you understand this rating. AND I promise, that I would give SSGS another shot and an updated rating if it went better the next time. So... here goes: Exception the 1st: I didn't have the Korean BBQ Mistake? Probably. Would my experience be better if I had? Almost definitely. I've had Korean BBQ before and loved it and when we arrived at SSGS on a late night grub outing, we saw at least three other tables enjoying it. The problem was, we didn't come for the BBQ. We came for the delicious soups and rice bowls that would provide the perfect late night snack and which we've enjoyed at countless other Korean spots. We didn't find it here. Even though we ordered Korean staples - Beef Bim Bop and Short Rib soup - they were so far off the mark I couldn't finish... even in my inebriated state! The soup was bland, the short ribs were tough, stringy and grey and my Beef Bim Bop didn't even contain beef! I tried to flag down a waitress, but the service here was - um - lacking (see below). So, granted, I'm not judging the SSGS on what's it's KNOWN for, but I'd think that they could at least do a pedestrian job on Korean staples. Exception the 2nd: I'm not Korean. Okee, not exactly a prerequisite for enjoying a cuisine (few of us are actually French and look how that love affair has gone), but I think that this has something to do with my understanding of this place. I understand that KBBQ is all about self-service. And I GET the subtle pleasure of the language barrier and the cultural standard that servers don't need to be in your face every five seconds like some teenager working at Chatchki's. But the sense that the servers here quickly took our order, dropped off our food and just disappeared, made me believe that they were just avoiding inevitable confrontation. I mean, I couldn't even flag someone down to find the missing beef for my beef Bim Bop and it was nearly impossible to find a server to bring our bill. I would have thought that by laying my head on the table for 30 minutes would have been ample sign enough. So, in a way I chalked what others might call 'poor service' up to cultural differences. I think that's about fair. So, I'm sorry for all the peeps on here that love this place. I just think that despite my love for tasty and accessible Korean, this just wasn't one of my superstars. ...and I promise to come back to try the BBQ... sometime.
