My name is Mary Claire. My husband, Joe, and I recently got married at your hotel. I have never written a note like this because I've never been so impressed with the quality of service provided at a hotel before. I just wanted to write you a note to say how truly impressed we were with your colleague, Brooke Bosak. Even though the event is over, I just can't stop thinking about how hard she worked, her kindness, her sincerity, her professionalism, her attention to detail, her enthusiasm...the list goes on! Throughout the entire planning process (and the wedding week-end) I never really had to ask her for help with anything nor did I worry about anything because she always anticpated my needs before they were a thought in my head. We recently re-located to Madison, WI so planning from a distance was a challenge. She was always accommodating and flexible to our schedule and made sure we were well taken care of when we got to town the week-end of the wedding. I could tell that she was genuinely enthusiastic about our wedding throughout the entire planning process, our entire wedding week-end and even post-wedding! Our vendors were excited to work with her and they raved about how great she was so great to work with. Our guests also raved about the elegance that was orchestrated by her and your staff. You can tell she is really good at what she does and we really thought you should know how awesome we thought she was too!I also wanted to tell you that Beth Jostes was also amazing the night of our wedding. She took good care of us into the wee hours of the night. I know our group must have been a handful and she was extremely attentive, down to earth, very helpful, patient and fun to work with. Finally, every one of your staff we encountered was extremely welcoming and kind. I regret that I do not remember their names but it was your desk staff and bellman that were the most memorable. They remembered us by name each day, made us laugh, offered sweet marriage advice and were always smiling. They treated us like family.This was by far my most memorable hotel experience of my life. The Doubletree is truly unique in the quality of guest service you provide. Thanks to this experience my husband and I don't want to stay anywhere else besides the Doubletree. Thank you for your time and hope you have a wonderful holiday!Sincerely,Mary Claire
