After neurotically yelping for 19+ hours and booking and canceling 200 opentables, I decided Geja's would be the spot for my boyfriend's birthday. I was looking for something fun, a little different than the usual steak/seafood situation. He LOVED it. Geja's, I owe you one. The ambiance is so unique - I can't even think of a place that compares, it's like a romantic, unmorbid catacombs. It's not trendy or fancy, its old school chicago romance. Does it really get any better than that? The place was a little overly blinged out for the upcoming valentine's day, but so is the entire city. After doing my yelp due diligence, we ordered the prince geja's to share but went with the oil because it was pretty late and apparently the broth takes longer to cook the meat, but definitely want to try it next time. The house bottle of cab was A-MAH-ZING. Such a nice, affordably-price little surprise. The service was attentive yet scarce, my favorite! First, the cheese is fantastic - i love gruyere. I could do with a larger serving of fruits in the basket, but the pumpernickel bread was also a winner. We literally finished the whole thing. The salads, meh, probably my low point of the meal. Just lettuce, great dressing but not enough of it. Second, when we first got the dish I was concerned we didn't have enough food, two pieces each of chicken, steak, shrimp, scallops and lobster and a smattering of veggies. In the end, I was wrong - we were both satisfied and didn't feel stuffed after dessert. The shrimp, scallops and steak were MOUTHWATERING. If I return, I'd order a dish without chicken and lobster - chicken is just boring and it can be tricky to cook lobster to perfection on a sterno - It came out a little tough both times. The vegetables were all great, I was tempted to order the additional veggie tray. The sauce deserves its own shout out. There is nothing in life i like more than sauce. So much variety! So delicious! They offer everything from dill to chili to bernaise to herb-butter. Following dinner, which was lovely, the flambe chocolate continued to wow us. The marshmallow smore situation was a little tricky, but the bananas and strawberries were hands down the best. Again, I wish they had put a little more in the basket - only two of each, I'd have gone with more banana and less apple/pineapple. Overall, it was incredibly fun - makes for a very interactive meal, and you're not going to find a more romantic, cozy location. Fondue is fondue, in my eyes - while the melting pot might have more to offer in terms of choices, which is probably my only complaint with Geja's, I'm always going to pick ambiance and great wine over a chain restaurant on State street.
