We're in Chicago so we had to go to a Rick Bayless restaurant, right? Frontera got the nod over the more upscale Topolo and the more casual and brand-new Xoco. We hit up Frontera for lunch and were greeted with a "one hour" wait. 10 minutes later, we were seated and ordering margaritas.  Blue agave margarita - Honestly, I wasn't feeling this one - it was a little bland and tasted mostly like lime juice and not much else. There didn't seem to be much of a kick and it was a bit small as well. I definitely wouldn't get it again.   Appetizer platter - We let ourselves get talked into this one. It has lots of lots of stuff to try: chicken taquitos (pretty good), jicama salad (ok), ceviche (decent), quesadillas (amazing!), and chips with guacamole (good). I probably would just skip this next time and go straight for those delicious quesadillas.  Carne asada - It's too expensive, but it's damn good and probably worth splurging on at least once. One of the better steaks I've had in a long time. Great flavor, very tender and perfectly grilled rare/med-rare like I wanted. The black beans on the side were pretty good as were the plantains and sour cream. Quite a fantastic steak.  Fish tacos - I sampled these and frankly was kinda disappointed by these. The portion size was really small for the price and the tacos just tasted alright - I guess they were decent but really nothing special at all. However, the beans served with them were great - very smoky and flavorful.  Chocolate cake w/ raspberry coulis - We weren't feeling too adventurous in terms of dessert and wanted something basic. We should've just skipped it all together. This cake was really boring and totally not worth getting. I've had much better cakes from a box.    Overall, this place is pretty good - but I think my experience here could have been a lot better. Looking back, I would only get 1 of the 5 things we ordered again (the carne asada). However, there was quite a lot of options on the menu that looked really good so I'm thinking that our experience would've been much better had we made better choices. Still, I would expect almost everything to be top-notch at this price rang. It's definitely a pricey place - our lunch for 2 ran close to $100 (but it did include tip, a couple drinks, dessert, and a $30 steak). Anyway, I'd definitely love to come back here and splurge on some more of the menu and that crazy steak again.  3.5
