We decided to have our wedding guests stay in a block of rooms here after getting a great rate through our reception site. The people we worked with to arrange the wedding block were super-organized and quick to respond to any and all questions about the reservations. They have a great website where you can track who has reserved rooms under your wedding block- this was helpful for reminding out-of-towners to get their butts in gear! My experience at the W, as a bride, was fantastic. I was given a choice of room- a regular room for free or a suite for the discounted rate my guests had for a normal room. I went with the suite. It was AWESOME. I checked in Thursday afternoon with a ton of stuff and the bellhops were super helpful loading and unloading all my junk. The first thing I did was order a caesar salad and glass of white wine via room service- both were great (if overpriced) and I loved the little shot glass of gummie bears on the side. Parking at the W is a total rip-off but I was able to get a discounted parking pass for myself. Getting the car from the valet usually took about 20 minutes so I learned to call ahead. I enjoy the club atmosphere on the first level (and in the elevators). I thought it was really fun. We had some pre-wedding fun at the bar on Thursday- the drinks are pricey but very good. The day of the wedding went off without a hitch. My suite was more than big enough for all of us to have our hair and make-up done there. We got some great photos in the lobby of the hotel. When my husband and I returned to the suite after the wedding a bottle of champgane was on ice for us with some delicious chocolate truffles and a note thanking us for hosting our wedding guests at the W. Classy! I did not give 5 stars in this review as the guest rooms were SO SMALL! Nobody complained about it, as they got a great rate, but they were ridiculously small. Also, I was charged $4 per bag to hand out our welcome bags. I thought this was a bit much, especially as I had to call and complain that the people who checked in on Thursday were not given their bags. Overall though, it was a great experience.
