Went there this past Friday (8/3/12) and had a complete disappointment with the place. Let me start off by saying when we entered the restaurant most of the customers were in shorts, t-shirts and/or jeans. This I get because of all the tourists. Next we were met at the hostess stand/station by who I later discovered was the manager. He asked for my name, which I gave to him and explained that I had a reservation at 8:30. He typed on a touch screen at the station for a minute (much like the airline ticket agent in "Meet the Parents"). He then simply walked away saying nothing. After standing there a bit two females who were also standing at the hostess station asked me if I was being helped. I said that I haven't a clue and that the guy who originally greeted me simply walked away after I gave him the normal info one would give when entering a restaurant that they have a reservation for. They just shrugged their shoulders and walked us to our table for two. To be honest, I was kind of pissed how we were greeted and treated. After being seated, the waiter did a fine job, except he would take utensils away forgetting to replace them. Very minor thing. The bread was good and so were the appetizers (salad and bbq shrimp). This was the only good part. We ordered a bottle of wine, which was supposed to be a 2009 and we received a 2008 with no explanation or apology. Next were the steaks. They asked me if this was the first time I had been there, which it was. They never mentioned that they douse their steaks in butter, which I believe to be a good way to destroy a steak and it's flavor. When the filet I ordered arrived, it was SWIMMING in butter. The dish was a pool of butter and the filet was completely covered in butter as well. I ordered it medium rare and it was either a frozen steak or their cooking method was way too hot because the steak was completely burnt through the top third and bottom third of the steak. It was fine and rare in the middle. Honestly it was such a disgusting specimen of steak that I felt bad for the cow that gave it's life for the meal. Then when I mentioned that I don't care for butter on the steak, they brought back the same steak on a clean butter free plate. The waiter said he will have the manager come over when I pointed out how poorly the steak was cooked. I was then met by the guy who greeted us at the door. He now calls me by my last name and pretended to care about what I going to be talking about, but he came across very disingenuous. I was not in the mood to deal with this guy anymore. And after explaining what I noticed, I told him to simply take it away. We also ordered the recommended side dishes of asparagus and potato au-gratin. The asparagus was plainly steamed and not very good even when using the hollandaise sauce it came with. The au-gratin potatoes had zero flavor and not very good as well. I have heard so many good things from others about Ruth's Chris and was absolutely looking forward to this experience. Never have I dined somewhere to be so turned off to not even complete eating a meal. I then went back asking all those who recommended Ruth's Chris and none dined at the one downtown. Might be a specific issue/problem with the downtown location only. I'd stay clear of this place and go to Capital Grill for a way better experience and much better steak.
