I have been a fan of Hot Doug's since before the beginning... My wife used to work with Doug (back in the day, as they say), and we had the good fortune to run into him during his "between days"...he was working for a caterer, and while he poured us champagne, he told us about this concept he had for a hot dog stand/sausage emporium. We thought the name was catchy, and wished him good luck. but it's not luck that keeps us going back...it's the fabulous combination of great, friendly service, PHENOMENAL sausage combinations (more soon), and that great intangible, ambience, that makes Hot Doug's a must stop at place. I went this past Tuesday, with my two college sons home for the holidays (Doug's is a must stop whenever they're in town), and neighbor BBQ Dave. In addition to a regular dog (charred, raw onions with the works incl. peppers) and Doug's best-in-class fresh French fries, I tried -- now get this -- a BACON SAUSAGE! Man, what a treat!! You like meat? You like bacon?? You like sausage??? You got it, all rolled up into one smoky, pink juicy and cracklin' tube of encased enjoyment!!!! Served on a sausage roll with beautifully carmelized onions, a bit of creme freche, and lovely slices of Camembert cheese....to steal the catchphrase of a local Oak Park chef, "Oh...My...God!" Absolutely sublime combination; the snap of the sausage combined PERFECTLY with the soft onions and melting cheese, the creme freche just adding a measure of silkiness (and an additional challenge to those arteries!). Knocked my previous fave (Thai duck sausage with pickled daikon radish) right down to...number 2! But let's talk about ambience. I was horking a handful of french fries (light, fluffy, not a hint of grease or slime, nicely brown and crispy, and BIG!), after being overcome with adulation for my bacon sausage...when the opening strains of Graham Parker's "Discovering Japan" blast out of the box. Now, you kids in the audience may be saying "who?", but to the cognoscenti of late 70s/early80s rock (of which Doug is a board member), Mr. Parker and the Brinsley-Schwarz band put out some of the toughest, leanest, most cool music post-punk had to offer. And "Squeezing Out Sparks" is my absolute fave Parker album! And this, my friends, is ambience...it made a fantastically flavorful food experience even more delightful, knowing that not only is Doug the EFFING SAUSAGE KING-GOD, he's got great taste in music, too. Seals the deal for me...why can't I give Hot Doug's 6 stars?!?!? AND A PS...all you people, complaining about standing in line...why don't you try coming sometime other than lunchtime on Thursday, Friday or Saturday? Just because you're eatin' hot dogs doesn't mean you turn off yer brain...
