Let me begin by saying that the service here was exceptional from the bar all the way to our server at the table. So since we went on a whim and didn't make any reservations (Big Mistake) we waited quite a while, but the time flew by since we were pretty entertained at the bar. At the bar we started our drinks by having a watermelon mojito and I had the topolo margarita. Both were delicious! We also indulged in a ceviche yucataqueno (?) which was small but extremely delicious. We finally were seated after an 1hr and 1/2 wait. From the beginning our server was just excellent. We were curious about some of the tequilas on their tequila menu and he was fully able to explain the differences on mostly all. We had some of their yummy chips and salsa and were forewarned on the spiciness of the salsas.... But our dearest server did not know that we are hot sauce experts. After we were inhaling the chips and salsa we were had to try the Frontera salsa bottle they had on the table and boy was that GOOD we were finally ready to order. I ordered the carne asada a la oaxaquena and my honey ordered the carne asada brava which again he was warned that the plate would be very spicy. After we received our main course our server noticed that my fiance was eating the carne asada with the spicy sauce with not problem.... I guess the server wanted to challenge my fiance because he came back with a small dish filled with some other type of salsa. Our server told him "I notice you like spicy stuff I brought you this salsa let's hope this is hot enough for you." The salsa consisted of chile de arbol with lime juice and boy was it spicy but soooooooo good. I'll be honest when I first read the menu I thought well this sounds like my mom can do this. I thought the steak would be a skirt steak.... Uh NO! It was about an inch thick and cooked to perfection. My plate consisted of fried plantains and refried black beans my FAVORITE!!! My fiance's plate had some sort of grilled green onions and chiles along with 2 of the most yummiest tamales I've had.  In all this place did exceed my expectations!!! The service and food were fantastic. BTW our server was so delighted with us he gave us a bottle of the Frontera salsa.... which we almost finished the next day at home!
