Good food in a nice little place with somewhat of a New York feel [in a good way]. A little pricey for the portion size, which isn't a bad thing - just need to understand it is a quality play, not a quantity play.  Ambiance I can't quite put my finger on why this place made me feel more like I was in the Village in New York than in Andersonville, but it did. They only have 12 - 15 tables in the main room [we didn't see the garden area], and the layout looks a little cozy for the middle tables. And noise carries wherever you are, even along the perimeter of the dining room. We had what should have been a great spot at the corner/window 2-top. But unfortunately our visit coincided with that of the relentless blowhard at the next table.  Picture a bad combo of the Bruno Kirby character from Harry Met Sally and Bruce Arena [former US soccer coach]. Now wind him up and watch him perform the obnoxious know-it-all role for 60 minutes running. That can put a damper on things. Which, of course, is not anteprima's fault whatsoever.  The Food The only appetizer we tried were the three cheese zucchini flowers. Aside from the fact that they look a bit like mouse tempura with the tail-like stems sticking out, these were really good. Light, tasty, with a little bit of marinara. Good opening act.  My wife got the red snapper in some yellow pepper sauce that she thought was great. It was a modest size at $24, but she thought the quality was solid.  I had the bucatini, which comes with olive oil, shaved/grated pecorino, pea shoots and some garlic chilis. It was nicely done - al dente, flavorful. Personally I'd prefer a few less pea shoots and a few more garlic chilis, but it was a nice dish. Not bad at $16 [I think].  The Wine I think the list was made up of entirely Italian options, and they cover a wide spectrum of regions and varieties. They had a couple of Lagrein options, which isn't something I've seen a lot of restaurants carry [but maybe I just need to check out more Italian places]. I wish they had a few more options by the glass, though. I'd estimate that maybe 1/6th of their bottles were available by the glass.  Service Decent, but perhaps a bit leisurely [or continental, if you prefer]. They were full [Saturday night, ~8:45], but it took a little longer than you might expect for the wine to come out, then for the check to come out. Not bad - we definitely were not neglected by any means. Time may have just dragged along a bit with our Bruno Kirby neighbor loudly explaining why he's an expert in various fields of finance and real estate.
