I recently had a chance to eat at The Pig, a new restaurant on the Mag Mile. Tucked off the street, the entrance found inside what looks like an office building, the sign boasts: Cheese, Swine, and Wine. The interior is small but well appointed, sporting large community tables and a marble bar overlooking the bustling open kitchen. I took a seat at the bar and proceeded to peruse the rather impressive menu. The menus sports categories for Antipasti, Fried Items, Entrees, Salads, Cheeses, Charcueterie, and an item they call Shmears. The wine list came in a small booklet, almost like a 3-ring binder, with pages that look like they could easily be replaced or updated, always a good sign in a place that professes to take wine seriously. I was quite hungry and ordered accordingly.Pork Liver Pate: served in a small dish with a nice serving of grilled bread. The flavor of the pate was amazing, rich and noticeably liver-y but without the often found over-irony quality of a lot of liver dishes. The texture was perfect, creamy, smooth, and actually melting a bit on the hot bread. Overall the best liver dish I have ever eaten.Pig's Tail: As soon as I saw this on the menu I had to try it, it isn't often I find a food at a restaurant that I have never tried in my life. The tails came in a cast-iron bowl and had shaved hard-boiled egg on top. They looked and smelled great and I was definitely curious to see how they tasted. I wasn't disappointed. Moist, falling off the bone, and wonderfully flavorful, they had a shard flavor of vinegar (probably from a marinade or braising) that cut the unctuous texture and flavor of the meat. A wonderfully surprising dish that I immediately wanted to tell friends about.Pig's Ear: I figured why not continue with parts of the pig I don't often get to sample! I had actually already heard about this dish from a friend who had eaten it, and was looking forward to it. It came out served in a medium bowl, the pigs ear was sliced thin and fried with peppers and fried sage was added as well. The whole thing was topped with a perfect fried egg. On the chef's recommendation I mixed the egg into the rest of the dish, spreading the yolk throughout. The first bite was pure delight, the textures were wonderful with the crispy bite of the ear and fried sage offset by the creamy yolk. The peppers in the dish added just the right amount of spice to the proceedings and it was seasoned so well that I quickly went to work devouring the whole dish. It was probably the single best dish I have eaten since moving to Chicago recently. For dessert I sampled some cheese and had a glass of sweet wine recommended by the bartender. The bill was shockingly small for the amount and quality of the food.I was wholly satisfied and actually started reading the menu again, planning what I might eat the next time I made it in to the restaurant. The dining room was abuzz with excited looking people and the overall vibe was very fun and friendly. Definitely a place I could see spending a lot of time, and a welcome oasis in the bleak winter culinary scene.
