Basically we were celebrating our first yr wedding anniversary and I am the biggest crab fan and my husband will take me to the best places to eat crab. since we were staying at the Dana hotel downtown, 'SHAWS' was pretty close to it and since its featured item were crabs I could'nt resist. so we got there, and there was valet parking for 12 dollars which we thought was pretty reasonable. so we were made to sit at the bar while waiting on our table. the bar had a pretty interesting menu and the dish that caught my eye was steamed Alaskan crabs with new England clam chowder and 12 oz key lime pie for 34.99dollars which I thought was a good catch. so the bartender asked us if we wanted to order at the bar or at the table. so we told him we wanted to eat at the table...so after 10 mins, we got our table which was a pretty small and not cosy. it had high bar seats, and a small table. not impressed there..I am so happy that I did'nt dress up too much for that place , coz honestly it looks like a diner. does'nt look anything sophisticated. so I knew what I wanted to order. but the waiter gave us a different menu with the same dish but without the clam chowder and the key lime pie and this time it was 46.99 dollars. so when he came to take the order, i asked him if it came with any sides. he said this is a A La Carte menu. so My husband said, these places here are just this way. I was a bit disappointed but my husband made it up to me by ordering lobster bisque which was fairly fine and the quantity was ridiculous. it was the size of those ready made puddings you get in the super market. the waiter got my dish and trust me , it looked just like 1/2 a pound instead of a pound. I generally take an hour to eat crabs cause I enjoy it so much..this time it took me only 15 mins to complete it. the taste was so plain, and aweful. the waiter did'nt come to check on us if we liked the dish. I rather pay 17 dollars and eat unlimited crabs at raintree restaurant. when it came to the end, my husband asked the waiter if they had anything special for people celebrating their anniversaries. he gave us some recommendations and we passed on everything. so he gave us a complimentary key lime pie which was good. ( but if you would sit on the bar, that was an included item) The time we spent together was awesome, but the food is not even worth 1 star. our bill in the end for something we did'nt like was 89 dollars. ps: my husband had fish and chipswhich he thought was pretty ok and the fries were yuck.so we went to pick up our car, and it was on the opposite side of the street which also had meter parking for 1.75 dollars. and they charged us 12 dollars for that..I would rate this place a ZERO.just the time we spent together was priceless.The bread they offer is so sour and horrible.ambience - 2/10decor 4/10service 4/10location 6/10value for money 0/10taste 1/10This is my personal experience..I usually don't like writing negative reviews but this one forced me too.before i conclude, My husband almost threw up on the way and had indigestion the whole way and I had a horrible time with my stomach. won't get into more details, you can imagine. so even the food they serve is not fresh.I have eaten crab at several places and the best would be, rain tree, red lobster and joe;s crab shack.I would never visit this place again.
