On our recent trip to Chicago, my husband and I had planned to spend the morning at Navy Pier. We looked in our NFT book for somewhere on the way that we could have a quick lunch, and Fox & Obel was it. We were a bit confused at first when we passed the upscale-looking dining room but soon found the little cafe. I'm still not quite sure what the deal is with the dining room but whatever they served there, I'm sure I couldn't afford it! Anyway, I felt like a simple grilled cheese sandwich with fries and my husband had a burger. We seated ourselves and it did take quite a while for our food to come out, but it was pretty busy there (around lunchtime). It was a little pricy for basic food, but nothing outrageous. My grilled cheese was a little burnt, but I actually like it that way. It wasn't overly greasy but otherwise was just your basica grilled cheese. The fries were average and the portion was pretty small, but I don't mind that since I TRY to eat somewhat healthily! My husband agreed that his food was pretty average, but it was nice to just sit and people-watch and enjoy a casual lunch. After we ate, we shopped a little bit in the store. The prices were pretty steep, but I kind of expected that since it seemed like a specialty store. I was tempted to buy quite a few things, but in the interest of saving space in my suitcase I only bought some candy for a friend and a box of Kusmi tea (it was $13, but I'd never tried that brand before so I was intrigued). Those two things came to over $20, but I knew what I was getting into so I can't say I was shocked. When I got home and tried the tea, though, I noticed that it had a sell-by date of 2008. Good thing the box was sealed! I'd imagine that, at $13 a box, that tea isn't a fast seller but still, I would've liked fresh tea when I spent that much money. Overall, I thought Fox & Obel was a decent place for a quick meal, and somewhere that was fun to browse through. I would've loved to try some of their pastries and cheeses! If I had to bring a dessert to a meal or wanted a special treat, I would definitely go there. If I lived in Chicago I would enjoy trying a few different things at the cafe as well--I would definitely go back.
