Unfortunately I can't justify giving this place more than 2 stars due to the unsatisfactory service I experienced. I went for lunch with my coworkers a few months ago. We got up there and the crowd was lukewarm, so no reason to think there would be a problem. Well, it took forever for us to get our lunch. It must have been at least 40 minutes, maybe longer. And we ordered things like the lunch special (sandwich/soup combo). The only thing that might have taken longer was an order of fish and chips, but you could easily send out the other food and tell the one person that their order is coming out in just a bit. It was strange enough to make us wonder if they screwed up in back or forget about us. I ordered the lunch special, half chicken salad sandwich with broccoli cheddar soup, which also came with a delicious house salad. Portion was very large, and I would give the taste 3 stars. Since it was running so late, I ordered my dessert to go: a piece of their dulce de leche cheesecake (of course from the Cheesecake Factory). Can't screw that up, right? Let me back up for just a minute. When the fish and chips were ordered, the waitress was careful to mention that the dipping sauce had peanut in it, in case there were any allergy concerns. Anyway, so we're waiting for the one slice of cheesecake, and waiting... How hard is it to scoop it up and put it in a container? So I finally get the damn thing and it has nuts sprinkled all over the top! And the menu DOES NOT mention anything about nuts! It looked like walnuts, but I can never tell. I HATE walnuts and I do have an allergy to some type of tree nut that tastes like a peanut, and because I'm not sure I always avoid nuts (except I'm fine with almonds and regular peanuts). I think what bothered me the most was our server's "la dee da" attitude. Don't come over and tell me "it'll be out in just a minute", and then immediately go over to the next table and start chit-chatting. Take the 5 minutes to go get me my cheesecake so I can get out of here! All negativity aside, the menu has loads of variety, although that's not always a good thing cause it makes your decision harder. And the decor is beautiful - take a moment to look up at the ceiling. Word of advice: if you're visiting Chicago and on the Mag Mile, and you need to decide where to go for lunch or dinner, please skip this place - you'll have a better experience elsewhere. Oh, and Cheesecake Factory is good, but Eli's is the best.
