Venue and ambiance in a word: UNIQUE. Service in a word: ATTENTIVE Food in a word: SALTY Publican is a really "cool" place that people should check out once. From the open communal dining hall with pig stalls along the side walls to the interesting bathroom arrangement. It is a different experience which I enjoyed. The service was excellent as well. Really played up to a "fine dining" billing without being too pretentious. Our waiter was attentive and seemed to know exactly when to come by to order another drink or bring the next course. He was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and the extensive beer list. And the spacing between the dishes were timed perfectly. Our dishes seemed to arrive immediately after finishing the previous dish without any delay or any backup. To sit and eat and drink for 3.5 hours was nice and not common nowadays. Now getting to why I just cant bring myself in rating this above a 2 star rating. The beers were excellent. Similar to Hopleaf in that you can try beers not often available at ur local grocers, they do compliment the dishes.... any beverage would. The 5 dishes we ordered were the trio ham starter, the frites with egg, the duck hearts, the potee, and the sea bass. All of them were uber salty. Painfully saltly. Waking up int he middle of the night 3 times to get water- kinda salty. Also the price points are ridiculous. For that amount of money there are much better places to dine. Hopleaf by comparison is much more reasonable in price while being equally salty. I suggest coming here to check it out. it is very unique in its build out and an interesting place to get a drink before going to eat an actual dinner. Service is great and you will feel well taken care of but the food is a complete miss. If you must eat something go for the frites with eggs. Definitely skip the ham app and the hearts. Your blood pressure will rise 100% after those two dishes. Overall, while the service and atmosphere did not disappoint the food did. And really food should be the main attraction. Thumbs down... dislike.
