I am NOT a complainer, and I know that "things are just different in Chicago," which I have heard quite a few times since I've been here - but as a girl who likes to drink, I've already hit quite a few bars in the city, and I have to say... the people who work here aren't "just being Chicagoans" (as a gentleman I talked to last night dismissed it) but are actively SUPER RUDE. When I first bought my ticket to Chicago, one of the things I was most excited about was visiting the Green Mill slam. I'd heard from many in the community that it was kind of a joke slam, but nonetheless, having been to many slams nationwide, I was still curious to see the way Marc Smith ran his. I called beforehand to find out if there was a time to show up to sign up for the poetry slam - the guy who answered the phone said it started at seven... when I asked if he knew whether or not the sign ups happened at a specific time beforehand (which is very common), he actually scoffed at me and told me he didn't know. THEN HE HUNG UP ON ME. You hang up on customers? When I showed up, the doorman said, "$7 and your ID." I live in a bar city. I am used to doormen, and I respect them wholeheartedly - this was not a problem. I asked if he knew where I should sign up; he grunted, "open mic?" and when I said slam, he pointed to a board with a lot of different papers on it. I assumed I should write my name on one of the pieces of paper, but there was no pen. When I asked for one, he actually rolled his eyes at me before pulling a sharpie out of his pocket. When I went to give it back? He acted like I was retarded and just POINTED to the window sill. Didn't say a damn word, just pointed. Dude, I'm sure your job sucks, but save it for the bitches. I've met plenty of bouncers and doormen who were capable of being intimidating and serious without being catty little wenches. The waitress brought me a glass of water (no waterbottles allowed inside, which is weird - even the OLCC isn't *that* crazy), and flew away before I could tip her for just having good service. She smiled once or twice, but when I finished the glass of water, she whisked away the empty glass, and once again fucking FLEW away from my table before I could ask for another or, again, tip her. I guess, since I'm complaining, I should also say, the glasses were very pretty... Since the waitress was fucking GONE after that, I tried to flag down the bartender to order a glass of merlot for my friend (who arrived late), and he seriously made eye contact with me twice and served every other person before me - even people who had JUST walked up (how do you not notice that after like 10-15 minutes?) And the slam? The slam's a fucking joke. I can deal with hardasses, I think Marc Smith's grumpy attitude is kinda funny, but actively making fun of the poets is tip-toeing the line for me. How do you encourage a scene of new voices if you mock and show clear contempt for people after they perform? What about, say, giving the feature's last name so that people who are unfamiliar with the poet can FIND THEM later? The pianist is awesome, and rolled with all the punches. I'm glad to have been, the lounge is really beautifully and elegantly set up, and there were moments of charm, but this place has SUCH BAD SERVICE and is so pretentious and up it's own ass, I thought for a second we might be in New York. Oh, wait, the Nuyorican slam has some of the nicest, most supportive, and brilliant poets - and the service is spectacular. What, then, is the problem with the staff at Green Mill?
