This review is for Sunday brunch at Sprout. Based on the overall experience, I have to give the restaurant only 4 stars. Like many reviewers say, by and large, the food alone is a five star experience. The menu presentation and service bring it down to four stars. I made a reservation for an 11:30 brunch with my in-laws. The four of us were promptly greeted at the host stand and noticed the delightful aroma in the air. We were seated along the wall across from the bar. The menus were a source of laughs for much of the day. It says things like "omelette" "quiche" and "french toast" in quotes like that, because what you're served only loosely resembles the title. It can be a bit frustrating when you have no idea what you're selecting. This particularly impacted my mother in law's selections - she wanted the quiche, only to be warned by our waitress that the menu is "esoteric" and quiche doesn't mean quiche, but actually means mousse. Umm, okay. She went for the "omelette" instead. Not only were we disappointed there was no quiche, we weren't totally thrilled with the way the waitress responded to us. Even though she was perfectly friendly and all smiles, at times she was a bit curt. We asked for milk for the coffee, to which she responded "we have half milk, half cream" "well, I don't like cream, do you have milk?" "we have half milk, half cream." No joke, that was the conversation, then she just walked away and brought out milk. It wasn't anything terrible, she was friendly, just a bit off-putting at times. I really wanted the pork belly dish, but they were out of pork belly. I opted for the lamb dish instead. It was delicious. My husband had the french toast. It was a disappointing dish, even though it tasted fabulous. The french toast is really just a super fancy three-tier peanut butter and jelly.  In sum, the food is great -- I recommend the odder sounding dishes, as they are tastier. The portions are tiny, so order sides. The drinks are great, but the "bloody mary" is nothing like a bloody mary, so beware if you're craving tomato juice, it has none. Their take on the mimosa is fantastic. In fact, the mimosa alone is enough to bring me back!
