I read about the Publican some time ago in Time Out, but did not think much of it, since I am not into overpriced, overhyped, and over the top beer hall type places. But reading someone else's review on Yelp for another brunch place piqued my interest and then I decided to do a little more research.  I then decided to do some more serious research on Yelp, cause I trust you guys. So armed with the following Yelp knowledge: 1. Find street parking (because may be issues with valet) 2. Get the two seats in front of the kitchen 3. Order the red wine poached eggs 4. Order pork rinds - yeah, no kidding 5. Bloody Mary is unique and splendid 6. Sometimes they forget your reservations 7. Kitchen can sometimes forget your food and there is sometimes a lag in service, although the service is attentive and excellent (very hard to understand this, until you actually eat there because it seemingly makes no sense). I finally went to the Publican website - and was really amazed at the cool and warm decor (I like it) and the concept of communal dining - which I kind of like in the right mood. The menu itself was not very good at describing the just about life altering food experience that I would have the next morning - in fact the menu is maybe too understated. Knowing that this place appears to be uber popular - I actually made a reservation from the website through OpenTable for 10:00 a.m. Excited with visions of pork rinds and Bloody Marys - I went to sleep determined to get up early enough to find street parking and make sure I get a table upon arrival. We get there - find street parking and immediately walk into the restaurant, which is in a style that I really liked. They had our reservation, but the restaurant was mainly empty. I noticed that the two seats in front of the kitchen was empty and asked if we could sit there. The hostess said that was no problem and told us it was the best seats in the house (there are only two seats in front of the kitchen). This was a good idea! Definitely enjoyed watching the magic take place. We perused the menu and the waiter was very attentive, knowledgeable and friendly. He got a beer menu for my hubby and even brought him tastes of two beers. I got the Bloody Mary of course and one of the lighter ales as a beer back. We ordered the pork rinds (my husband was against it at first, until I had the waiter describe them); the salad (so delicious and unique); the red wine poached eggs with prosciutto (extremely delicious!!); the ricotta with honey, cherries and beer bread (refreshing and yummy); and an order of maple bacon. Yelpers so far are dead on correct even as to where things started to get a bit uneven - read on, I am almost done. - As we dined, the restaurant was filling up and the kitchen was getting swamped but orders were coming out nicely. Our food came out in a nice fashion, but the maple bacon was last. We noticed one of the chefs actually hand marking off orders (this may be the source of the problem). The waiter definitely took down the order and even remarked to us that the bacon will be out soon. We waited a long time and finished everything else and were pretty stuffed. The waiter kind of disappeared and no one else really looks at you to check on you as you are nearing the end of your meal. Our coffee needed to be refilled and I can see how people can get a bit frustrated with getting refreshes on drinks. But I know the problem - the servers and support are excellent, but they probably need more of them to serve everyone in the manner they are trained, which is to provide attentive and excellent service. Also, hand marking off an order may not be the most efficient way of handling this as the kitchen clearly forgot the bacon. The waiter did finally come around and he apologized for the bacon, he offered it to us gratis, but we were full by then and only wanted a taste - he brought out two pieces of thick bacon gratis to taste (more like luscious pork belly beautifully cooked in a nicely sweet maple sauce). It was so rich and delicious. I gave the place 5 stars because the food was incredibly delicious. I was so happy the whole time. The price was not outrageous for the quality and it was worth every dime. I want to try the mussels next time, as one Yelper exclaimed that they are the best she has ever had. So thank you Yelpers! And thank you Publican for a great experience. Ps. The noise level did not seem bad to us, but then it wasn't as crowded when we went.
