We all have times in our lives when we are reminded why being alive is such a gift. The opening of Revolution Brewing is one of those times, my noble boozer friends. You may scoff at what sounds like rhetorical exaggeration, but I beseech you, it barely approximates the reality of what will be your experience here. This is a brew pub, so let's hit the beers first. RevBrew has two IPAs, a milder IRON FIST brew and the ultra hoppy Han Solo Anti-Hero IPA. Both are excellent examples of the style, but the Anti-Hero is definitely reserved for the hop fiends, and is served in a tulip glass to enhance the aromas. For the meals, I recommend the Cross of Gold Golden Ale, as it nicely complements the mussels and pizzas. And speaking of mussels, good lord almighty, they are the best that I have ever had, and I've eaten a lot of mussels, from Hopleaf to Bistrot Margot and all the French restaurants in between. RevBrew serves two styles, but go with the hard cider, blue cheese, leek, fuji apple variety. These mussels are meaty and fresh, and the blue cheese melts into the hard cider broth to make a thick sauce that, really, needs to be bottled as blue cheese dressing. Unbelievable. The charcuterie plate is a perfect complement to the mussels, with slices of ham, pork belly, and two kinds of salami, all cured in house. The ham is savory and flavorful and the pork belly melts in your mouth. As a bonus, it comes with roasted rye chips and stone ground mustard. Those two dishes are enough for a meal for two, but our eyes were ravenous and ordered a margherita pizza, as well. It was loaded with cheesy tomato goodness, and while it doesn't quite meet Coalfire's offerings, it was perfectly delicious. I urge you to do as I say and I do, and order all of the above. But it makes me sad, as well, for it means bypassing the pork chop, the beef stew, the pulled pork, and so much more -- the menu here dictates multiple visits. Those bastards! The risk of splurging as we did is that, after dinner, like us you may be too full to sample desserts, which include a cherry bourbon cake - it has Michigan cherries soaked in bourbon (but you knew that). It made me sad, but eager for a return trip. Sadly, my noble boozer friends, I was also unable to take part of the extensive Bourbon selection, which leads off with BLANTON'S. Let me say it again - BLANTON's. Being a patriotic bourbon drinker in Logan Square has never been easier, my friends. But know that if you fill up with beer, you can cut your sated appetite with a good 10-15 varieties of bourbon. My review here would not be complete with a note on ambience. The space is cavernous, yet warm and inviting because of the superb use of that space. The center is dominated by the bar, but ample space is designated to tables, and a front space to the front left of the restaurant is designated as a waiting area with waitstaff service, a wise move considering that RevBrew has been absolutely slammed in its first week. With the exposed brick walls, tin ceilings, ambient lighting, and wood bar, the place should scream Chicago, and while it does, it actually feels wholly unique, as if a thicket of the Northwestern redwood microbrew scene has been transplanted here in the Midwest. I have no doubt that this effect was entirely intentional. And it works. Revolution Brewing is a superb southern anchor to Logan Square's Milwaukee Avenue gourmand strip, a noble complement to Longman and Eagle. Life is good, my friends. Cheers.
