Wow, I'm totally stunned....I'm confused...still wondering what exactly is up with this place! They need an ego check pronto. So first off, the decor, furniture and general vibe of the restaurant suck. It's cheaply done, naked in appearance, and not in a cool modern way. The restaurant almost looks like a middle-aged bachelor pad who has a folding table in the corner and his tv on the floor, just not at all what you would expect for the price you're paying for your meal. Which brings me to the prices, they are NUTS, totally bonkers off your head crazy. Let me re-iterate that I'm ok paying a lot of money for dinners that are worth it - Alinea was amazing, Graham Elliot is a wannabe that doesn't even come close.  Here's the difference. Alinea is DELCIOUS, it taste good. FYI, just because you put foam on something, and made it look pretty, you can't just stop there....try making the food TASTE like SOMETHING and then we can talk. Instead, my conversation with Graham Elliot was very one sided...I kept asking for food that tasted good, and he kept bringing me out dollops of purees and foams on un-seasoned, tasteless mini-portions of meat and seafood. And the whole time, the restaurant tries to come off with this edgy/alterna music vibe (the menu, the interior music, the wine list, it's all themed this way, and the servers and staff all are wearing skinny pants to hammer this home), but really it's the most pretentious place I've ever been to. The servers are cold and stiff. I couldnt' get a smile outta them, which was the only thing I could do to make light of the otherwise dismal meal. Out of the appetizers, my group tried the fluke tartare, hog ear, empanadas, ceasar salad, and chicken noodle. Out of those, the fluke tartare, hog ear and ceasar salad were good-ish. The chicken noodle was warm gravy with completely tasteless chicken and apparently celery FIVE earth-shattering ways...yet I still couldn't find 1 way that tasted good in this soup. The gravy, err I mean "veloute," was more lawrys-inspired than french fare. Now to the entrees. We ordered the Faux Lobster (Monkfish), Wagyu Beef, Venison, and Black Bass. The faux lobster was gross. I can't think of a better, food-critic-y way of saying it. The monkfish had zero seasoning or sauce to speak of. It had lobster-roe cream goo all over it. The texture of the monkfish was as if it had been boiled for an hour...yes it kind of had the texture of lobster, but it had no flavor to speak of, an insult to the lobster if I ever saw one. After attempting to eat it, I gave up and asked to switch for the Cod. Thank god I did because the Cod was great! The other entrees, black bass, beef, and venison were ok, but completely devoid of flavor and dry, dry, dry. The smoked leeks on the black bass were raw, and unedible. The beef had no sauce or jus to speak of, and was tough and unsesasoned. Overall, the dishes at Graham Elliot lacked any semblance of brightness or crisp-ness in flavor (stand outs from this were the fluke tartare and cod). Everything was muddled by some foreign dot of goo on the plate. Perhaps this review makes me sound un-refined to some of you. Look, I own skinny pants too ok!? Trust me, it doesn't matter how refined you make a plate look, if it doesn't taste good, you might as well throw in your napkin and call it a night.
