OVERALL: We bought a Gilt Deal for this place ($100 for 2 people) and we were really excited to eat here as its only a couple of blocks from our apartment. We were so disappointed. Next time, I'll skip Mercat and make the trek to Lincoln Park to go to Ba Ba Ree-Ba or take a cab down the street to Tapas Valencia. It's not even about paying more because we can afford it, it's about this food not even being worth what they are charging. I don't know what the big deal about this place is. I found the restaurant's ambiance to be lacking and full of old people and probably mostly tourists. We went on a Saturday night at 730pm so it's not like it was the first service of the night. I swear the average age of people there was 60+. It was not a place that I would want to start my night out at like other tapas places. Out of the 10 plates we tried, I would only order 4 of those again. FAIL. SERVICE: For a Saturday night, I'm surprised at the poor planning on Mercat's part. Our server told us right off the bat that he was the bartender and they asked him to fill in for the day so he apologized for his performance in advance and that he may not know all that was on the menu. Great. Could have been because he was the bartender, but even so, it does not excuse the fact that we had to have a busboy hunt him down several times to get refills on our drinks. FOOD: [First Course] Chef's selection of charcuterie, cheese and olives. -nice spread of meats and breads [Second course] Short ribs with horseradish, parmesan and bacon -these were like little pizzas with the shredded short rib and bacon on top and parmesan/horseradish as the base. The horseradish was overwhelming. We picked out the beef and left everything else. Bacon-wrapped dates stuffed with almond -absolutely delicious. By far one of the best dishes we tasted throughout the night. Butternut squash dumplings with lamb ragout, beech mushrooms escabeche and black truffles. -Must try! Im not a fan of lamb as it tastes quite gamey but this was excellent. Great mix of flavors and the dumplings were creamy with a touch of sweetness. Spanish octopus, confit potato, smoked paprika -octopus was greasy and chewy. Also very fishy tasting. We each ate a piece and left the rest. [Third course] black angus rib-eye -very fatty pieces. Not worth the price. jumbo prawns with lemon and garlic -Disappointed that at a restaurant of this caliber, the prawns weren't even cleaned properly. I cut the head off and with it came prawn poop. Gross. Catalan spinach, currants, pine nuts and apples. -this was really good. spinach was not overcooked and sauted nicely. Spicy potatoes with spicy paprika aioli -pretty hard to mess up this dish at any tapas place. nothing exciting. [Dessert] Milk chocolate croquettes with banana marshmallow, rosemary caramel and arbequina olive oil -by far, one of the best parts of the dinner. [Drinks] We checked in on foursquare and got a glass of sangria for $1.99. We opted for the white sangria/ pear, peach and rosemary and liked it so much, we got a full pitcher. -definitely could taste the peach schnapps. And the rosemary was not overpowering. Just a hint. also had their charred pineapple mojito (charred pineapple infused rum, mint, lime juice, soda). it was delicious, but very limey so if you don't like lime, this is not a drink for you.
