First, a clarification: this place gets 4 stars for drinks, 2 for food, so an average of 3. (I haven't stayed in the rooms, but they look great, especially for the price.) If you're into whiskey and whiskey cocktails, don't miss L&E. They have a huge selection of bourbons and ryes. I really like the fact that you can sample quality whiskeys for $3 a shot. And if you don't mind doling out some cash, you can try some really fine, rare ones as well. I sampled some High West rye. Very good. The whiskey cocktails are delicious. I had "The Ringer," a mixture of Wild Turkey Rye 101, Cynar, Cherry Heering, and aromatic bitters. I'd really like to go back, just sit at the bar, and let the bartender take me through some different whiskeys and whiskey cocktails since they really seem to know what they're doing. Unfortunately, I think the food does not warrant a return - not because it's not tasty but because it is excessively rich and fatty. Everything I and my company had was either heavily doused in oil, deep fried in animal fat (a really bad foodie trend, more on that below), loaded with heavy cheese or cream, or completely absent of anything green or fresh. I ordered a burger. It didn't come with any veggies. It was topped with bacon and had kind of a sickening fatty taste. Trying to balance out this meaty excess, I ordered a salad, but it was served with a heavy cream dressing. The desserts were tasty but again equally heavy. I left feeling like I had just eaten at an Applebee's, not what you expect from a trendy restaurant in Logan Square. This sort of "return to fat" in a number of popular Chicago restaurants is a troubling trend to me. In the end, beef fat (or duck fat or whatever animal fat) fries are not really different than the kind of stuff served at fast food joints. If this is the direction of foodie culture, I'm not encouraged. That said, I did enjoy my overall experience. The place has a nice atmosphere, good outdoor seating, and a great niche in whiskey. Definitely go for the drinks, but be wary of having dinner.
