I really enjoy the food at San Soo Gab San. The tofu and seafood stew, the spicy shredded beef soup, and all of the bbq I have had have been very good. This is the only Korean BBQ I've been to, but if I had to rate this place based only on their food I would probably give it a four.  However, the service here is so bad...really I have nothing to compare it to. I don't even understand how it is possible. The first time I went here, I noticed that it wasn't so hot. It is very hard to get your waiter to make eye contact-- I guess they would rather be doing anything else but their job? It was difficult to get more water, more food, the bill, or anything else because of this. But I went there the other day , and things went from bad to worse.... Basically, my friend and I order off the lunch special menu. At the top of this menu, it says $5.95 SOUP. And then underneath it are listed 8 different soups. We each selected one and waited for them to come. Mind you, my friend had just broken up with her boyfriend of 6 years, we were both hungover, and we needed this soup. Had been anticipating Korean soup all day. The food comes, and mine is a soup, pretty tasty (the previously mentioned tofu seafood). Her food is Bi Bim Bop. We are surprised, because Bi Bim Bop is vegetables and meat over rice....not soup at all. I call the waiter over, because today we really need soup. He doesn't want to take it back. I ask a few more times and we look at the lunch special menu together, and then he gets his manager. His manager....well, she says to us "this your first time at Korean BBQ?" We say no. She says, "everyone knows what Bi Bim Bop is." Our mouths are hanging open. We know what it is, too...and it was NOT listed as that on the lunch special menu. On the lunch special menu it was explained simply as 'beef, vegetables'. We assumed it was a soup....since SOUP was the header to this menu!!! We started to explain ourselves but....I mean does this even warrant a response? She proceeds to talk loudly about us for the next hour that we are there with her frightened and mute employees... But we got our soup.
