Food: 5 Service: 4 Atmosphere: 4 Value: 3 I took a break from my usual low brow eateries to try out something a little more refined. This was a celebratory dinner graciously being paid for by my sister so when she asked where I wanted to go, I thought we should check out this much raved about spot in the West Loop. We had reservations at 7 on a Tuesday night and the place was packed by about 8. A brief note about the cuisine: Like many kosher/vegetarian/vegan types, I was intimidated at first by the sheer amount of pork and shellfish on the menu, not to mention the giant pigs on the wall. However, I was calmed by the friendly, pub-style atmosphere and the large, diverse beer list. My sister and I both keep kosher, so we ordered just about everything in the menu we were able to eat, which was the Spinach Salad, Smoked Arctic Char, Fried Perch, Rainbow Trout (sans bacon), and Kabocha Squash. Warning to pure vegetarians/vegans: This place is not for you. The Smoked Arctic Char came out first and although I am sometimes afraid of smoked fish being too dry and smoky, this was not the case. It was warm, moist, tender, and had only a subtle smoky flavor. It was perfectly paired with a piece of baked ricotta and thinly sliced pears and red onions. The balance in the dish was incredible-the fish had great flavor but was not overly fishy, the ricotta had a firm texture with a mild bite to it, and the acidity of the pair/onion mixture cut nicely through the entire dish. Any restaurant that can seamlessly combine cheese and fish is a winner in my book.  The Spinach Salad came next and while not as memorable as the Char, it was still quite tasty. The spinach had a rougher texture, almost like bibb lettuce, which stood up better to the dressing and accoutrements better than your typical spinach leaves. The farmers cheese had a softer texture but more flavor than the ricotta, and the walnuts were toasted to perfection and uniquely spiced. All in all, a nice "break-up" course. The fried perch was definitely the best fried fish I've ever eaten. It was crispy, yet not overly filling. The homemade tartar sauce, added a bright, smooth, lemony flavor. No detail was overlooked, all the way down to the chopped pickles. I was a bit puzzled by the shaved parmesan, but somehow the cheese and fish mixture worked again. The sweet potato rounds that came with it were equally crispy and their deep, earthy flavor mellowed out the sharpness of the parmesan. Just when I thought things couldn't get any better, the Trout arrived. It was served whole, but de-boned. Free tip: If your server asks if you want him to filet it for you, respectfully decline, as you would miss out on the delicious crispy fish skin. The fish itself was tender, moist, flavorful, and rich. The artichokes that it came with were cooked and seasoned perfectly and I can only imagine how much more amazing the dish is with bacon in it. The sauce that accompanied it was somewhat of a stock and tied the entire plate together.  The squash arrived last and frankly, I was not that impressed with it. The dish was billed as squash with cremini mushrooms and cipolini onions, but the mushrooms far overpowered everything. Don't get me wrong, the mushrooms were delicious, but when I order squash, I expect lots of squash-that wasn't the case. Granted, I bet if we received this dish first instead of last we would have raved about it. At that point, the bar was set so high they could have served us beluga caviar and I probably would have thought it was just "ok." Overall, this is a great place to go if you want creative, upscale cuisine without the pretentious, upscale attitude. It's great for a celebration and definitely worth the price-especially if you're not paying. [Thanks for reading my review and be sure to check out my other reviews on Yelp. My mission is to find restaurants that have great vegetarian, kosher, and vegan fare. On every review, I rate food, service, atmosphere, and value on a 1-5 scale to give you quick and easy overview of the restaurant. I love cooking, eating, and doing both with my friends and family. I always welcome your questions, comments, and suggestions so contact me on Yelp or Facebook if you want to share ideas.]
