My husband and I went to Xoco to pick up some food and take it home on Thursday night. We waited on line for probably 15-20 minutes, we browsed the menu. It all looked really good. The options are yummy crusty warm baked or grilled tortas (sandwiches), soup, a great salad option, chips, salsa guac, chocolate drinks, sweets and more. I kind of wished they wouldve had some casual taco options but everything sounded great. As you stand on line you can see the kitchen crank out the dishes, everyone on the line seemed really efficient and the head chef who was expediting kept telling everyone what a great job they were doing, I thought that was nice (I always notice that kind of thing). We finally got up to the counter and were told that there was no takeout for the savory dishes, only the sweets. It wouldve been great to know that before we got in line as the restaurant was really crowded and it looked like it wouldve been a wait to get a seat. Plus we were tired and kind of just wanted to go home. This is where we ran into a little trouble. There was a woman handing out numbers to people after you ordered and paid for your food, scouting out the tables and seating you. After ordering our food and getting our number we stood around waiting for the woman to take us to a table for another 10 or 15 minutes. She kept walking past us and I asked my husband a couple of times if he thought the woman remembered that we were waiting for a table. Soon enough we saw our food turn up on the line and the runners taking it out and bringing it back because we werent seated. Finally, after a pair behind us in line were taken to a table I stopped the woman and reminded her that we had been waiting for a table. Apparently she had forgotten that she gave us a number and forgot that we were waiting (even though she had passed us 12 times over the past 15 minutes). We sat at a table with 4 other people (the seating in the restauarnt is very close together and very communal.)  The food itself was very good. I had the Xoco salad with pork, good dressing, flavorful, just what you'd expect from Rick Bayless. My husband had a chicken torta which looked great and he said was amazing. Ill return to try the chocolate drinks but the service still clearly has a few kinks to get out.
