I've come here so many times I couldn't possibly even try to count. What keeps me coming back? The service, the food, and the managerial staff. There was an incident once where a waiter accidentally tripped and spilled an entire strawberry daiquiri on one of my best friends. It was literally all in her hair, eyebrows, eyelashes, clothes. It was bad!! The manager was very apologetic and because we had plans after dinner in the city to catch a show, and my friend was obviously extremely upset, the manager actually went downstairs to Michigan Ave with her right then and there after she washed up and bought her a new dress and bag to wear in place of what she had on. I dunno if there is a company credit card or something but he went above and beyond that night. Customer service at it's absolute best. Not to mention the restaurant paid for her dry cleaning bill and also sent her a gift certificate to a salon. In all honestly though, I have not had one thing at this place that I have never liked. Their avocado chipotle cheeseburger is sooooo yummy!! The chicken madeira is Heaven. And don't even get me started on their desserts! They are all mouth watering! You can't go wrong. Oh! How could I forget this?? You have GOT to try the buffalo chicken rolls for appetizers. I sometimes make a special trip here just for those bad boys. I love love love this place for my classic American restaurant. Going here this sunday for brunch which I'm looking forward to as I've only had lunch and dinner here, never breakfast. I have no doubt it will be delicious! EDIT: Just wanted to update about my brunch. It was delicious!! Portions are huge, so if you are one who gets filled quickly, I would highly recommend sharing a plate with someone. I had the banana pecan pancakes which were absolutely delicious. Even more delicious was my boyfriend's plate of Caramel Banana-Nut French Toast. We gave each other half of our meal so we could enjoy both meals. Both plates were very tasty. A friend of mine had the Huevos Rancheros and she enjoyed it. I also had the hash browns which were very good. It was six of us total that went that day along with a baby and we didn't have to wait at all when we arrived at 11:00 AM. If you're looking for a nice place to have brunch on a weekend in the city, I'd give this place a go.
