I try to do a date night every Friday, schedule and wallet permitting. This usually involves me scouring Yelp reviews all week looking for that place which will provide the right spark for the rest of the weekend. Gilt has been on my radar, but for whatever reason I never pulled the trigger fearing that my girl would not be down with the scene. So imagine my surprise when I turned the reigns over to her to plan our most recent date night, and she picked Gilt. Walking into Gilt, I feared we were heading for disaster. My boo couldn't score a reservation for anything earlier than 10pm and when she gets hungry, things stop being fun. We arrived early and there was not a table ready for us until 10:15. So off we headed to the dreaded bar. Gilt's bar scene, in my opinion, is its weakest link. On a Friday night it was filled with a crowd desperate to fulfill the be-seen part of see and be seen. There were a lot of guys calling each other "bro" that were old enough to know they look like morons when they call each other bro. The few girls that were in the bar seemed to be enjoying the attention they were getting from the bro-magnons, so I assume this means the cocktails are miracle workers. Even though the bar was packed, the riff raff always get out of the way of the beautiful, and we were able to cozy up to the bar. Even though I was fearing the worst the bartender was incredibly friendly, finding the right mixture of whiskey and ginger beer for my boo, as we waited for our table. Once we were seated, about 15 minutes after our reservation time, the evening started to pick up swimmingly. We received a nice little table back near the kitchen. The Bends from Radiohead was playing (how can I not like that?). I ordered a cocktail with absinthe in it that tasted like candy and the Gilt experience began real proper-like. I started with the pear salad. I don't even like pears, but this thing was amazing. The chunks of blue cheese balanced perfectly with the sweetness of the pears. This is the kind of salad that would have me converting to vegetarianism if I thought I could actually get full from eating it. My boo got the mushroom and truffle pasta which works perfectly with the Gilt theme. I'm not the biggest truffle fan. It is easily over-used, but this pasta was perfect. The truffle didn't over power the rest of the dish, and the pasta somehow avoided that heavy pasta feeling, and was quite a wonderful and light dish. A great opening course. For entrees my boo got the mussels and I got the grilled chicken. The mussels were very good, nothing that I would go out of my way for, but my boo loved them and had been looking forward to them. I'm not sure what possessed me to get the grilled chicken, most likely the absinthe. It sounds like a boring old person dish, but it was quite possibly the best grilled chicken I've ever eaten. The portion was huge and the chicken was a festival of juiciness. I devoured the whole thing. I could not leave Gilt without having something for desert, so when our waitress mentioned the homemade ice cream I ordered us a scoop of chocolate, a scoop of cookie dough and a scoop of vanilla just to cut the sweet. The ice cream at Gilt makes Ben & Jerry's taste like sawdust in comparison. It was so good I wish I hadn't eaten all my delicious chicken so I could order more. Fortunately Gilt doesn't have a stand-alone ice cream bar or I would be 300 lbs. Don't miss out on the people watching here either. Outside of the bar full of guys wishing they were younger, people come here to be seen. My personal favorite was the couple that was seated next to us about the time we were paying our bill. The guy was just your average young buck, but his date looked like she fell off the Jersey Shore. Her skirt was wonderfully short providing everyone with a fantastic view of her frighteningly tanned skin. She even had the fake girly girl voice out on display. I was laughing the whole trip home. After starting out skeptical, I was won over by Gilt. The food and service were both great, and Gilt is a great place for a Friday night date. I don't recommend the bar scene, but if a dude heavy thing is your thing, you may like it. I would definitely like to try Gilt again, on a less busy night, and if they open up a desert shop, I'll be the first in line.
