I just moved to Chicago from NJ/NY and was looking for a lounge type setting. I went to Velvet Hour yesterday (Saturday night). There is no sign on the outside of the building and the building itself does not look spectacular on the outside. The only way we knew we were at the right place was because there was a line and google maps said we were at Velvet Hour. The line appeared to be long; however the bouncer went through the line asking how many and we were able to go in even though there were about 25 people in front of us. (we were a group of 3, 2 guys & 1 girl). There was a guy behind us waiting in line who was smoking and the bouncer asked him nicely to exit the line to a designated smoking area in order to respect the other people waiting in line. Upon entering, there was a very nice hostess that walked us through heavy velvet curtains and the atmosphere was very elegant. The place is pretty big (there are separate rooms with several bars). The food was great, the drinks were great, the prices were $12.00 per cocktail, everyone had a place to sit (no dancing and no one had to stand). The place has dimmed lighting (with candles) so it was hard to read the menu. They do play music but t is not blasting. This place s great for groups and most of the people were dressed nicely and it seemed to be a good crowd. Before going I checked out their website and "rules." People were using there cell phones and there were guys wearing jeans and dressed very casual so I am not sure how strict they are when it comes to adhereing to a dress code. This place is very different from most of the places bars/ounges in Wicker Park...it is definitely more upscale. My only issue was it seems like its one of those places that wants to seem exclusive so if you go and there is a long line you never know how long you may or may not be waiting because they may be picky choosy. All in all, I had a good time and I would say check out their website (menu and pics) and if you like go check it out!!!!!
