For a $100+ per person meal I was expecting more. First of all I must say I'm not your average Chicagoan. I come from a cattle family, grew up eating steaks three times a week, and I have visited the top steakhouses from coast to coast. This one was very average and definitely not worth the price they were asking. First of all the service. It was good for a mid priced restaurant, but just average for a restaurant of this price range. All the little details were missing, about a 5-8 minute wait before they even came by my table, the crumbs were not scooped off between courses, and the steak took over an hour to arrive. Second the salad and sides: I went for the wedge, the dressing was runny, and sparse, and they did little to give it any flavor. Definitely the worst wedge salad I've ever had. My side I chose the Mastro's 'Signature' mashed potatoes. These were just fine, tasted like a ground up loaded mash potato for about $12. I would try something else if I came again, not impressed. Finally what we all want to know, the steak. First of all the bone-in-filet was out, this was on a Monday at 8PM. No excuse for that, they had plenty of time to get more all day if they ran out over the weekend. I am a ribeye man most of the time anyway, so I instead did the bone-in-ribeye which was just fine with me, no big deal. When it arrived it was presented well and very hot, cooked nicely, and an almost perfect medium-rare when I cut into it. The steak itself was not terribly flavorful though, which was strange because it was EXTREMELY fatty. I don't mean like fatty because it was a prime ribeye, I mean it was very very fatty and I've eaten a lot of ribeyes in my life, select, choice, prime you name the cut and grade and I've eaten it dozens of times before. This was by far the most fatty prime ribeye I've ever eaten, which made it even more strange because it didn't have a lot of flavor (more fatty normally equals more flavor). Now to be clear it, had much more flavor than your cheapo Chilis or whatever steak, but it did not have near the flavor of other high-end steakhouses I've tried across the country. I'm unsure whether this is due to seasoning, cooking method, not enough aging, just a bad cut of meat or what, but my guess would be a combination of the four reasons above. Regardless I cannot recommend the steak here. I would avoid it if you really know what a good service at a high-end restaurant is, and what a good steak is supposed to taste like, you will be disappointed. If you're just trying to impress a girl or client, they will likely be impressed by the atmosphere and expensive prices, but you will likely be disappoint if you know anything about a good steak. My recommendation is to try some of the other steakhouses in the Chicago area, there are a lot to chose from and I'm sure some of them are better than this very overpriced steakhouse with just average food.
