My wife and I received $100 in gift cards for this Brazilian steakhouse last Christmas. Being parents of 2 little kids with a busy life, we rarely have an opportunity to go out together to a fancy place. Having read nearly all of the 61 Yelp reviews for this place beforehand, I walked in more confused than anything. Let me begin by dispelling some misconceptions I saw: 1. There are salt and pepper shakers on the tables. 2. The entire rotizio dinner is fixed price, regardless of how many pieces of meat you take. Now, about the restaurant. This is a very elegant place, with fancy square light fixtures and an unusual ridged waterfall cascading near the entrance. Brazilian pop music plays constantly in the background, though it's not too loud. The dinner is about $50 a person if you don't get alcohol or other extras. It begins with some side dishes of tiny cheese-filled rolls, mashed potatoes, fried polenta and fried bananas. The donut-hole sized rolls taste fluffy and light and I think they are fried. The polenta is awesome and tastes like the best fried corn bread I've ever had. And the bananas were very satisfying too. Then you hit the salad bar next. Salad bar is an understatement for it. Besides salad items, they have oysters, calamari, sushi, pickled artichokes (great!), cheeses, sundried tomatoes, and a few hot items. The best thing in the salad bar is the mushroom risotto, which is thick and creamy. Pace yourself so you don't fill up on these too much because the main course is a carnivorous feast of 17 assorted cuts of meat. Waiters walk around the dining floor carrying cuts of beef, pork, lamb, chicken, shrimp, or sausages on large skewers. Every person has a token on their table approximately 2 inches round. Flip it to the orange side and they keep bringing meat to you. Flip it on the black side and they will not serve you. Let me sum up some of the cuts I had, but I can assure you I was physically incapable of trying all 17. Top sirloin and bottom sirloin - both seared to a slightly blackened exterior color with a salty crust and plenty of juicy pink in the middle Filet mignon - a bit dry, not one of my favorites Shrimp - long, meaty shrimp with a bit too much lemon-pepper seasoning. Brazilian sausages - not too spicy, just right for my taste like a good Italian sausage Bacon Filet mignon - much juicier than the regular filet mignon and with a nice contrast with the exterior wrapping. Pork with parmesian cheese - better than the filet mignon but still dry Roasted Pineapple - downright awesome, hot cooked pineapple. I had extra cuts of this when I could get no more meat down. In the end, I had no more room for desserts as I waddled out like a python that had just swallowed an entire calf. I figure I met and exceeded my USDA recommended daily allowance of fat, cholesterol, and sodium, but heck, it was worth it!
