Here piggy piggy piggy... Just over the river and if it wasn't for the crowds that congregate you could easily miss this place. However, tapas served items focusing on Mediterranian and emphasising pork dishes... what's not to love? The menu is a good size and I wanted to try everything, however, such is life the four of us sat outside and began to wonder how well we would enjoy this knowing we couldn't have everything. Starting off simply with almonds soaking in pork goodness and crisp rosemary... oh yeah... here we go. Juicy and full of bacon goodness and garlic drizzle. The meat Purple Pig platter with the cheeses is fantastic. Home made sausage was velvety and fully of easy melt in your mouth aromas. Beef tongue disolves... for the cheese GET THE DELICES DE BOURGOGNE cheese, an intense creamy and fungusy mushroom with butter rich feeling. It's like eating the perfect stick of butter (with no doubt the calories to match). Whipped feta and cucumbers makes for a minor brine salt kick with enough wet cucumber to take away the saltiness on the palate. Smears with the neck bone are a pate like pig lovers dream. Sprinkle and crush the salt just enough on it and it becomes even better. The charred green cauliflower is made crispy and pulls a fantastic crunch with the lightly seasoned dusted bread crumbs. Pigs tail in balsamic is a succulent fall off and fatty scrumptious deal, fitting in nicely with a turkey leg that has the meat fall of the bone and tendons, topped with some crunchy sprinkled lentils on top giving it some earthy goodness.  Grilled octopus cooked just right mixed in with great seasoned roasted potatoes and salsa. Razor clams slight bite and mixed with lemon and garlic oil? what is not to love? The food items here BURST with flavors, but all compliment each other nicely. Pistachios and lentils appear in places I would have never expected them, but they work out fantasticaly. For drink, skip the beer, go straight for the wine which is EXTENSIVE but also providing plenty of choices by the glass as well. Hey it does say wine and swine on the sign right? If I were to have desert I would have exploded. Finishing off with a simple espresso does the deal. A once in a lifetime meal, and I am sure 8000 calories to boot, but hey who is complaining?! Would go again to have the other 20 items on the menu I couldn't have.
