I was so excited to try Graham Elliot after all the hype. My husband and I love to try new places and were up to splurge on a nice meal. We have never been more disappointed with a fine dining experience. The decor and atmosphere was cool and relaxed with mirrored shadow boxes of gourds and potatoes. We both ordered the tasting menu, which sounded like a bit of everything. We put our drink order in right away (we didn't drive and were ready to have a good time!) but 20 minutes went by before we saw our waiter again. Instead of bringing our drinks, he was there with our first dish. The popcorn we had been munching on had gotten us very thirsty. The caesar salad he delivered only angered us more. Apart from being two bites of food and plated on the very edge of a huge plate, the brioche part (about 50% of the two bites) was partially frozen and completely stale. I tore up the top of my mouth eating it, which ruined the rest of my dining experience.  The squash lemongrass soup and scallops were the best parts of the meal. The soup was flavorful and made me want to have a piece of bread to wipe the bowl with (maybe that stale piece of brioche would have been better with this course...) And how could you not love scallops? The short rib entree was about three bites of really tough meat and connective tissue that was very hard to chew. The flavors were good, but it was not pleasant to eat.  The desert was much better sounding then tasting and did not provide much flavor. Overall, our experience at Graham Elliot was: 1.Tiny portions of poorly prepared and presented food. 2. TERRIBLE SERVICE- except the excellent bussing. The waiter never checked on us until it was time for us to tip him. When we told him we were not satisfied, he joked that we should order the full experience menu next. NO THANK YOU. 3. Not at all worth the hype. Go somewhere else where more thought and care is put into the food and less into the "cool-ness." Did I mention that we stopped for beers tacos right afterword? Much more satisfying.
