I really wanted to try out this place, so I made reservations for me and my boyfriend. Oddly, when I reserved using OpenTable, I was only able to find a few open reservations for 5:30pm, which would be considered an early dinner in most cities (more on this later). Hot, slightly sweaty (from walking all over the city), tired, and looking forward to our meal, we walked into Sunda, which was a welcome sight. The decor is chic and earthy with Asian elements. The dining area is fairly large and open, featuring a view of the sushi station. Once seated, the dining area wasn't very crowded despite my impression that they would be fully booked. I'm not sure if that means that OpenTable underestimates the number of open tables or if that means that they have reservations that they take through other means. We were immediately greeted by our server, who was SUPER nice, attentive and very accommodating. Service is great here.  As for the food, we were given a complimentary salad, which was pretty meh. It was pretty bland and could have used more acidity. But the rest of our food was really good. We had the tuna sticky rice as an appetizer and I had the Malay style chilean sea bass while my boyfriend ate the Adobo pork belly. The tuna sticky rice is interesting and was very flavorful. The only downside is that you may wish you had a toothpick to..uhh..extract the sticky rice from your molars. My sea bass was SO good and I could definitely taste the various herbs. I also really like the cauliflower puree that came with it, and I usually do not like cauliflower. My boyfriend also really enjoyed his pork belly dish, which he said was "a little salty but very tasty." I also really enjoyed my lychee petals cocktail, which was a bit pricy but a refreshing treat. I would definitely come here again and try something else, perhaps the sushi.  By the time we were ready to leave, the dining room was probably 60-70% full. Since other diners had joined us, it was a bit crowded seeming as I was seated on a long bench that spanned numerous tables. I don't think this would be a problem though, if we had been seated at a freestanding table. All in all, this would be a great place to bring a date or for a nice meal with a small group of friends.
