Wanted to come here for a while after a neighbor recommended it to me with high regard, finally went tonight. I had high expectations after checking out Au Cheval a few weeks ago, which was also awesome. This place is kind of mysterious. It's really simple on the inside, and very removed from the street. It's not quite minimal, but it doesn't have a lot of gingerbread. The lighting is probably my favorite part. There's this huge chandelier with like a thousand little lights coming off of it in the middle of the restaurant. There's Edison bulbs throughout. It almost feels like a slightly less dressy and slightly more hip version of Mastro's. I thought the little touches like "Don't play this piano unless you're good" on the piano downstairs and the "not here" "nor here" in the hallway to the bathroom doors were humorous. I like the look. I also like that the kitchen isn't so blazingly white and industrial. The build quality is impressive and everything was well thought out. On the food... I was extremely overwhelmed with menu options (they all looked good), so I just picked a few things randomly. I started off with the bone marrow, which was incredible. So savory. I could eat the onion jam alone on bread it was so tasty. I also liked that the bone marrow was served with the bones split down the middle. Other places serve it where it's not split and you have to like dig inside of the bone, which is super annoying. My friend had the kielbasa and raved, so I'd probably try that too. For my main course, I had the pork belly, which was also extremely impressive. Not too sweet, and the perfect amount of gluttonous savory. I also enjoyed the cornbread, which again was very savory. I did not enjoy the beet salad with creme fraiche and pistachios. I love creme fraiche and thought it might make the beets taste good but I would pass. It's a salad for beet lovers. I didn't get to dessert as I was full by that point, but I'm more of a savory than sweet guy in general. The beer list was extremely impressive...they have like 10 beers on tap, in addition to a bunch of regular bottles and large format bottles. The liquor list in general was awesome. I don't really get mixed drinks with full meals, I always feel a little awkward doing that...but the list is amazing. They have a pimm's cup, so right there I automatically approve. I would like to come here and just enjoy drinks and an appetizer one night. The staff was really good and passionate and informative. I really have no complaints. I would come here again in a heartbeat. I felt comfortable dining there at 6:30 tonight (Tuesday) and I'm definitely planning on taking some friends over the weekend sometime too. Just a fair warning, if being grouped near another table of people makes you uncomfortable in a less-crowded time of dining like on a weeknight, you may want to request a different table. Overall, very well done. There's no reason this place shouldn't impress anyone to step through it's door. It's really awesome.
