The darn room keys barely work! You can insert/extract them slowly, medium speed, fast, ultra-fast and it's hit-or-miss on getting it to unlock the door. Same problem with both my card-keys, other folks were having the same problem which led to a lot of knocking noises at all hours. People would keep trying to get into their rooms or they would knock if someone was already in the room so they wouldn't have to use the key. The a/c is a bit touchy and makes the room either ice cold or super toasty, you have to keep adjusting it as the temperature isn't constant. Rooms are a bit dark and needs more lighting, the closet is in the shadows with no light. The bedside clock/radio has both an iPod/iPhone dock and a USB port which is very handy to recharge things. Only one outlet on the desk lamp so you'll have to crawl under the desk to plug-in something else or you can plug something on the other side of the room. The WiFi is free but has a 200MB data cap for a single device, if you want unlimited data it's an extra charge. This is the standard Hyatt data plan, also if you go for the premium data package ($15 extra/day) make sure you do it over WiFi so you can use up to 3 devices for that package. If you use the ethernet jack you will be limited to that specific jacked-in device. The hotel is a bit in the middle of nowhere if you want to puchase things like food or other things. There are 4 places to eat in the hotel with the cafe being the most convenient option selling cold deli sandwiches, chips, drinks, beer, Chicago dogs, etc. I didn't eat at the restaurants. Little coffeemaker in the room with complimentary coffee/tea and housekeeping staff is very good about keeping it well stocked if you use supplies. Front desk staff is friendly, bellmen and other staff members are all friendly and helpful so they do have a good crew from what I experienced. Bathroom was fine, the bath mat towel on one day was frayed and torn with a faded nasty looking stain on it. Complimentary toothpaste is nice, the glasses for water are ridiculously fancy and on the small side so if you use them to pour a drink on ice you'll be refilling it a lot. Had a conference at the exhibit hall which is across the street from the hotel (there are a couple of enclosed bridges connecting the hotel to the exhibition hall for use during bad weather, just walk at street level in nice weather as it's faster). For the amount of money paid the value isn't really there. The exhibition hall venue was a bit disappointing and though it's not the hotel I thought I should mention it: No soap in bathroom dispensers, late coffee service for our workshops everyday, freezing cold venue, slow food service catered through the hotel (they kept running out of food, didn't have enough tables/chairs). The good part about the venue is it's fairly easy to find an outlet to charge laptops, free WiFi.
