If Mastro's Restaurant was a car it would be a Cadillac with gold trim and leopard spotted upholstery - flashy, expensive, and kind of gauche. Mastro's is a place which is trying way too hard to be elegant and misses the point of it which is that elegance is understated. Instead, Mastro's goes over the top on everything, and like your Aunt Estelle from Miami with the huge glossy white purse, over sized sun glasses, and lot's of gold jewelry, becomes a caricature of itself. This is the most expensive steakhouse in Chicago, and I've been to them all. For the money they are charging their meat better be amazing and it better be well cooked. Mastro's failed on both points. The steak I had (NY Strip, the standard by which I judge all steakhouses) was chewy and fatty, not buttery and tender as I'd expect. So bad steak is then compounded by Mastro's under cooking the steak. This seemed to be the pattern of the evening, I was there with a party of 8, of whom 5 were unhappy with how their steaks were cooked and two of them sent them back. To Mastro's credit the waiter promptly whisked the offending steaks away without a word or protest. But wait, there's more badness to come. I was universally disappointed in the potato side dishes we had - mashed potatoes were too gloppy and more like potato flavored fat than mashed potatoes. The fries were just soggy and gross. I don't even remember desert because by the time it arrived I had mentally checked out on Mastro's.  Service was fine, but nothing special. No points lost there. Mastro's is the kind of place that thinks expensive equals good, without realizing you need to earn the right to be expensive and not the other way around. Just because you are expensive does not mean you are good. Normally I'd give a review like this 2 stars as I typically reserve 1 star for places that are gross. However, I'm deducting an extra star from Mastro's for obnoxious expense without the quality to back it up and an overall nouveau riche experience. If that is what I want I'll go have dinner with Donald Trump.
