WORST KOREAN RESTAURANT EVER. WORSE than Seoul garden and same level as jangchoongdong.Here are the foods i ordered today Food : 0 - half stars. Spicy chicken - has no flavor to it . Tagui gamjatang (beef/potato soup) - taste like some kid scooped one teaspood of chilli pepper sauce in to the water . Gulbi (fish) - so soooo big but has nothing to eat- seafood pancake : 3stars - it was crispy and had some seafoods but the sauce was too salty i ended up not eating them but not bad!Side dish: 1starsso many yelp reviewers were stunned by so many side dishes.i went there today at 11. Seaweeds were dried, looked like fries Yes, There are many but how many side dishes do you ask those ladies to bring more? none. I asked for pickled sliced radish because my chicken had no flavor and i had to eat with it. Service: 1-2 starsI went there with my korean friends and my brother.Maybe because they were korean, they tried to talk little more.When i went there all by myself (they were parking - parking lots are small and was crowded) They threw the menues on the table and said "here"WTH? WHAT THE HELL . So rudebut when my friends walked in and spoke korean at least they showed little respect.people there seemed like they were used to the atmosphere. Atmosphere : 1starsSticky, foggy, smelly.. wow. tables were sticky... do they even clean the table?? wow.. - I felt bad for asians there. Hey people. Korean foods aren't like this.San soo gap san is just one of the kind. Other restaurants are clean, neat, full of nice korean ladies (can't really speak eng) but try to tell them whats good and what to skip. PLEASE don't be upset but try to understand ladies there working. They are working in a sucha bad environment where they might go thru a lot of stress and pain walking back and forth that they had to "THROW" the menu.I don't recommend this place. They were recommending me their kalbi but i wasn't in the mood for kalbi but something differentMAybe they are known for it... I would rather goto seoul garden. Thats how bad it was.ahhhhh i sent 100$ there but felt like i fulled my stomach with Coca cola. POOR ME. Goodnight people. Ehh, go somewhere else
