1/2 star ratings are REALLY NEEDED. I would give Publican 3.5 stars. I went on a Saturday night and I was sitting across from the guys from Anthrax, now, by looking at my photo, you may not think that would excite me, but what you don't know is that I am a self-proclaimed, rock chick from way back. Let's try to stay focused on the review.... The Room. A significant risk and I applaud the owners for taking this risk because it is an unusual lay out which I find refreshing in this sea of "the same". I thought the room looked like the staging for a German Opera and that at any moment, we the actors (diners in this case), would break out into drinking song. There is one giant U shaped table in the room, the seating is communal to the point that one is imprisoned in their chair. The ginormous chairs are too heavy and cumbersome to pull in and out without significantly disrupting your neighbor's experience. I do like that you can stand in the middle of the U and wait for your table, and there can be a significant wait. The bar space is awkward but I think I'd get used to it. In fact, I think next time, and there will be a next time, I will sit at the bar. The lighting was the only thing that bugged me, it is bright. I look much better in dim lighting, particularly as I age. The Beer list. Huge. I don't know much about beer, but I do know that there are plenty of 8 and 9 point beers on this menu, I need not know more. The food. I don't dine on swine - therefore, this posed a problem for me. I did have two very good salads. The fish portion of the menu is enough to keep me fed while my pig-loving friends eat 'till their hearts content. The staff. Paul the bartender, very, very friendly and helpful. Our server, a lovely girl, was great at describing the food. Only one minor flaw, when I asked about the Monk Fish Liver she had not tasted it and could not adequately describe it to me, she had to ask two people before she could deliver an acceptable answer. The beer guru they sent over to help me with the beer list, well, he was 12. I did not find him in the least bit helpful. I don't know anything about beer and I need a lot of hand holding. When I go to a restaurant and ask to speak with a sommelier, they can deal with my ignorance, this guy could not. In fact, someone mentions the Maproom in one of these reviews, I was there earlier this week and the bartender at Maproom knew her stuff exponentially better than this guy, or at least could communicate her knowledge better, perhaps Publican should recruit her?  And one last note, Donnie Madia's outfit matched the decor of the room. How many outfits does this man have that he can pull together a look to match each one of his restaurants?
