"Our deep dish is baked in cast iron pans blackened by decades of seasoning. The overflowing cheese emerges from the oven as a halo of caramelized crust." - Pequods Okay, Pequods, your prose is worthy of your namesake Melville. In fact, "a halo of caramelized crust" is almost poetic. But tell me this: WHY IS THE WHALE WEARING A THONG ON HIS HEAD? The possibly obscene answer to this riddle went unexplained, none of the waitstaff knew the reason. When you walk in, you see the neon sign with the whale and this pink thing, figure it must be the whale is eating a slice of pizza. Then on the poster inside, looks kind of different... is this some species of whale with unusual natural markings on its head? No, turns out that it's a thong. There must still be someone around from the good old days who knows the origin of the story. This place is classic Chicago, has been in business since 1970. Actually it's partly a sports bar, with TV's showing all of the local sports games, especially the Blackhawks. Beers on tap included Sam Adams, Goose Island, Half Acre, and Stella Artois. Served cold, cold, cold, in chilled glasses. They have big neon signs of all of the major breweries, as well as lots of signs and paraphernalia for the sports teams. And there are some classic movie posters - Cary Grant, A Clockwork Orange, The Shining, etc. Some of the other posters look like enlargements of family photos from the 1970's. There are two levels, the layout is kind of narrow but the second floor adds a lot of space. It's more quiet up there when the ground floor gets bustling, and it has its own bar. Open late. The menu is simple, the whole thing fits on one side of a laminated card. They have pastas, sandwiches, salads, and appetizers in addition to the pizza. Not cheap but not expensive, either. There are wooden chopping blocks / serving boards on the tables which are cut in the shape of whales. They really do have their own style of pizza going on at Pequod's, it's not quite like any other Chicago deep-dish. Personally I thought the "caramelized halo" was good, they intentionally let the cheese get slightly burned around the edge of the top. The rest of the crust is thick and fluffy. The sauce is rather plain, doesn't have much taste of its own, so recommend adding some ingredients. Fun and unpretentious place with what most people will agree is good pizza. The style may not be to everyone's liking, you would have to try it to find out, since it's fairly unique. Ladies, beware of whales suddenly surfacing in unexpected places. "There she blows!--there she blows! A hump like a snow-hill! It is Moby Dick!" - Melville
