Today was our third dining experience at Nana's - once for brunch last year, once for a larger dinner party of 10 in early march, and today for a late brunch. Our initial brunch experience was okay - the benedict was fantastic and it was overall a leisurely experience. Our large party experience was mediocre - we were grateful for being squeezed in given the size of our guests, but each guest individually remarked at the mediocre meals they had ordered. Most were cold, took forever, and were way over priced given the quality of the dishes. I had the pork shank, and it was almost completely cold and lacking flavor or tenderness. All agreed that - if we returned - we would stick to the dishes we enjoyed - the truffled mac n' cheese, the brunch menu, and cocktails. Certainly we were all excited that Nana existed in the somewhat dry area for cuisines in the Bridgeport/Pilsen area, and once again we were willing to return for brunch this morning. This morning we ordered the Biscuits and Duck Gravy and the Huevos Rancheros. The Huevos Rancheros was delicious - simple, well prepared. The Biscuits and Duck Gravy was awful. Once again, cold. Way, way too salty. The duck was not at all tender. The gravy was plain. It was $13. Nightwood has offered the same dish - perfected and less expensive. The Metropolis coffee was luke warm and poorly prepared - almost watery. Both my partner and I were agitated at the quality of the meal, the ambivalence of the staff, and the offensiveness of the prices due to the poorly-crafted "specialty" cuisine promised by Nana once again. Then came the most offensive part - we receive our check and both of our meals were over-charged at $14 a piece. On the menu, it stated $13 (Biscuits and Duck Gravy) and $12 (Huevos Rancheros). The server remarked that you had not changed your system to indicate the raised prices for Easter?! Does this mean Nana has been overcharging without notice for two weeks?! If you want to be trendy/foodie with "duck" and "truffle" stuff on your menu, then deliver. Being "organic" and "farm friendly" is a cop-out if you don't cherish the craft of preparation.
