At long last, I finally managed a pilgrimage to Hot Doug's -- my only request when visiting my girl and her man on a cooooold Chi-town winter (the coldest in *years*, apparently) ... (well, actually, Alinea would have been nice but that wasn't possible on such short notice...). We arrived around 11:30, saw no line outside, and immediately parked. Praising our luck and yes, the cold weather, we nearly ran in our eagerness. By the time we reached the doors, there was a bit of a queue leaving us standing outside in ~18-degree cold for about 1 minute. Patrons left and we were indoors. Once inside -- ah, how to choose? We immediately gravitated towards the specials, ordering 1 dog for each of us, 1 dog to share, and the duck fat fries (served only on Fridays and Saturdays). One in particular screamed my name: Calvados-infused duck sausage with sauce moutarde, Grand Marnier pork pate and truffle-infused balsamic cream. Ultimately I think I prefered the flavors in the sausages of my companions -- there was just a tad too much moutarde that overwhelemed the more delicate flavors of the pate and the duck sausage which tried valiantly to combat the mustardy spicy-sourness with sweet undertones...also, I didn't get any truffle taste at all... Nora M. chose Spicy Jerk Pork Sausage with Citrus Mojo mayo and Mad River Aged Goat Cheese - the jerk was smoky and perfectly paired with the brie-like slabs of goat cheese; Kevin ordered Portuguese Chourico with a Saffron Rouille and Iberico cheese - also a beautiful, perfectly balanced mouthful... the duck fat fries were the best fries I had ever tasted and were delicious even though they seemed a little undersalted. To share we had the Game of the Week: Rattlesnake sausage with Pomegranate mayo and cheese-stuffed hot peppers -- very delicious and flavorful, spice from the peppers was cut nicely by the soft cream cheese. Doug was at his usual spot at the cash register and, upon learning that I was visiting from the left coast, comped us our sodas. The specials run around $7-8; the standard dogs $1.75-4... cash only; closed on Sundays.  The concept is simply amazing and makes me long for a branch out in SF... By the time we left, the line was just beginning to curl out the door and around the building...
