He's been there from the beginning of the transition. I'm talking about Paul Kahan and his presence during the change from top of the line fine dining (re: Trotter) to high end casual eating. The man has been highly praised for his work at Blackbird and avec, and understandably so. But the third installment to the Kahan legacy is all about swine...and why the hell not? Kahan pushes the envelop with this eatery, focusing his entire menu on poor Miss Piggy and a few seafood items (think things with shells). My friends and I stopped by The Publican for Sunday brunch and waited...........a long time. So long, my fiance fell asleep. True story. But eventually we were seated in a pig pen-style booth, swinging doors and all. Adding to the decor are some of the most beautiful balls I've ever seen. Rows, columns of globes lined the ceiling in what has to be one of the most interesting lighting designs I've ever seen. With that said, its obvious why The Publican received the James Beard Award for decor. Simply amazing. But what truly separates a Kahan restaurant from any other is the food itself. The concept of an all-pig restaurant might frighten some, but it sings beautiful music to others (including myself). As mentioned, we had brunch, and the menu had many familiar items, including waffles, biscuits & gravy, and an omelette. But the most intriguing items were further down the menu: hanger steak, maple-glazed pork shoulder, bucatini alla carbonara, duck confit hash. Yes. Oh sweet mother, yes. Fiance ordered the carbonara, and take a wild guess what I ordered? Yep, the maple-glazed pork shoulder. What did ya think? Portions aren't huge, but what it lacks in size (insert chuckle), it makes up in taste. The carbonara, served with pork belly, eggs and parmesan cheese, was divine. The dish was very delicate, and also delectable. The saltiness of the pork belly adds a lot to what would be a very traditional take on carbonara. The words "maple-glazed pork shoulder" might not roll off your tongue, but it rolls off mine..and happily to my belly. Sweet. Salty. Fragile. A sunny-side up egg lies on top of the pork shoulder, adding an interesting texture. Underneath all that was a bed of grits, kale, and pickled red onion, rounding out the rest of the taste buds. If it was socially acceptable to lick a giant plate, I'd do it. Just sayin'. But please, whatever you do, do not leave here from brunch without ordering some bacon. Yes. Bacon. Something so simple done so perfectly. Maple syrup-braised bacon. It's what dreams are made of..and I know this for a fact because my fiance woke up the other day saying she dreamt of this bacon. Music is...interesting. Goes from some legit hip hop to Party Rock Anthem (yes, people were shufflin') to indie rock. But what made the afternoon was the random ringing of the cowbell. Not sure why or if it had any significance, but it got everybody's attention. But what could've made the day even better..more cowbell.
