Where do I start?!?!? I booked a reservation for 3 for February 9th at 5:30pm for my 21st birthday. I always like to try a brand new place on my birthday, and Carnivale did not disappoint. I'll break the experience down by categories: The actual restaurant: Carnivale is one of the coolest looking places around. The multicolored decor and the live atmosphere enhance everything and really makes you feel like you are someone more important than you probably are. There are multiple rooms, including a wide open bar. The main dining room is phenomenal, and probably the most colorful dining room I have ever seen. The servers walk around in all black with small ties and the front desk staff members were all jazzed up in business clothing. The Drinks: Remember, this was my 21st birthday, so I finally had a reason to look at the drink menu. I know they are known for their Raspberry mojitos here, but their regular mojito is way better. The Raspberry one has so much raspberry flavor that it is too overpowering. If you like raspberries, order it. The Appetizers: Best guacamole in the world, I promise. Its smooth and chunky and amazing all at the same time. Add home made tortilla chips, and you have the ultimate appetizer. Carnivale is famous for their guacamole as well as their Ceviches, so we ordered a sampler of three separate ones. The Camarones, Arctic Char, and Atun Tiradito were the three we chose. My personal favorite was the Atun, which was a thin slice of ahi tuna topped with avocado and a Serrano chile pepper. (By the way, I think I was able to eat about 3 whole avocados when you add up the guac and ceviches I polished off) The Entrees: There were so many unique choices, but I had my heart set on the Pernil, which was a Rum Glazed Pork Shoulder served with rice, beans, and fried plantains. This was, I promise, I really promise, the best pork I have ever tasted. I originally thought it would be like a tenderloin, but it was actually shredded, and when you eat it with the rice and beans, you have the ultimate meal. Plus, who doesn't love fried plantains? My friends entrees were the Costilla de Res, and the Arrachera. The first was a short rib serves with mashed potatoes and a corn peanut salsa. I tried a bite, but short ribs don't do much for me. The Arrachera, which was a skirt steak with chimichurri sauce, was fantastic. The sauce was so sweet that the steak was pretty much a second thought on the plate. All three of us licked are plates clean. The Desserts: Its my birthday so of course I ordered dessert. The choices were sort of similar. I decided on the Dulce de Leche, which was a chocolate lava cake, with real dulce de leche sauce, and cinnamon ice cream. It was decent, but I knew right away I should've ordered their signature Tres Leches Cake instead. My friends split the Autumn Squash Bread pudding and the Key Lime tart, both very good. The Service: Perfect. Really, if I had to think of one thing I would change, it would be......actually nothing. For the first time in my life the service was perfect. Josh, our server, told us everything we knew, guided us through the menu, explained was Ceviches were, recommended his favorites, and refilled our drinks and cleared our plates the way it should be done. He even comped my dessert for my birthday. Overall: Please do yourself a favor and come here. Carnivale is second to none, from the atmosphere, to the service, to the food, you will not find a cooler place to spend an evening, especially a birthday.
