Overall 3 and a HALF stars, but be warned.. my math may not add up Ambiance - 4 stars: No matter if you love or hate the food, the ambiance is pretty swank, given you are looking for a lively location that is loud. If you're looking for quiet, romantic, dark areas to canoodle, Sunda does not fit the bill, but if you're more in the mood for a lively atmosphere more appropriate for a fun or first date (albeit pricey), Sunda definitely fits the bill. The place is typical trendy restaurant design. High ceilings, open dining areas create a welcoming feel. The decoration makes the place feel slightly earthy with materials that kinda make you feel like you're dining in a forest...kinda. Anyways, Sunda wants to create a "hipster" type atmosphere and it hits the mark, albeit it tries so hard that it becomes a bit generic in doing so. Either way, not an ugly place! Food - 3 Stars: To be honest, save for the Duck Salad thingy that I ordered (which I must say was absolutely delicious), nothing else the other 3 in my group and I ordered was memorable. Now let me preface by saying the food is worth the price for the type of atmosphere Sunda tries to create. I expected prices to be slightly more expensive (what can I say I have expensive tastes). So.. GET THE DUCK. The rolls were good, but nothing extraordinary or imaginative. I also got the sea bass, and while I thought it was decent, and well cooked, again it was nothing extraordinary. There was a wide selection of drinks, and they were good, but again, nothing special (plus, the cocktails were a bit overpriced). Did not get desserts as they didn't seem to be anything special. Service- 3.5: Our server was very knowledgeable and his recommendation of the duck was spot-on.. Only complaint-- food was pretty slow to come out, but it's because this place was packed even on a Monday night. General comments: So basically Sunda is a place to go to be seen and maybe a place to try just to say you've tried it (or catch a glimpse of visitng baseball players such as A-Rod or Jeter). The duck is DEFINITELY worth going back for but everything else is more of the same, which isn't me trying to bash Sunda or anything, its just that nothing BLEW me away.
