If you are just skimming reviews, then just read this: don't sit in the outside tent if it's raining or possibly going to rain! You have been warned... OK now onto the full review: This restaurant was awesome and really helped me step out of my comfort zone food-wise! Here are some examples of what we tried: - Pig ears (yummy but I only ate 2 bites because of my weird food mental block) - Pig's feet (good, but not as good as the ears, only ate 1 bite due to my mental block) - Milk pork shoulder (my fave!!) - The almonds (a big hit with the entire group) - Fried olives (not bad, whatev) - Bread pudding (so friggin amazing, your mouth won't know what hit it!) - Cinnamon soft serve ice cream (literally tasted like pure cinnamon in ice cream form) Everything is served as family style tapas, so for our party of 4, we each got like 1 olive or 2-3 small bites of pig ear, etc. Our bill at the end of the night was a little hefty, but nothing too crazy. What I liked is we weren't limited to one big plate of food. We got to sample and slowly get filled up on little tapas. The server forgot one of my tapas that I ordered and we never ended up getting it (we thought we would eventually get it, but it never came), but other than that he was good. The only reason why I give the restaurant 4 stars is due to the first sentence in this review... It was a nice evening out so we decided to sit in the fully enclosed outside tent. It was REALLY nice with the low lighting and heating lamps, nice cushy chairs, the works! HOWEVER, we were sitting by the seam in the tent where the two tents connect with Velcro and it started raining... About 2 minutes into the rain, the seams split and our table got torrential downpoured on! Our food, jackets, bodies, all got wet (especially my poor husband!). So they rushed us inside, and got us comfortable at a big shared table. No biggie, we were in good spirits, no harm reaaaaaly done. Our new waiter definitely wasn't as good, and he didn't really seem to care about us. He made some lame joke about staying dry, then pretty much ignored us for the rest of the night. THEN at the end of the night when we got our check, I was hoping to see something comped on our bill... dessert, a drink, anything? Nope, not a dang thing. Normally I would have made a bit of a fuss (I mean, come on, we got soaked!), but we were with relatives from the UK and we didn't want to show them an ungrateful/poor/snotty American attitude, so we let it slide. So all in all, the food was delicious, our first server was great, and the ambiance was nice. I guess I'm just a little annoyed at the customer service and the lack of comp-age on our bill. If I ever go there again and something happens like that and we don't have guests from the UK, then I'll throw my little fit and I'm sure they'll make it right =)
