The food here is just wonderful. We started with the saganaki, which was both fun to watch and delicious. We ate it with the fresh, warm french bread at our table. Yum. I had the kataifi wrapped shrimp. I asked what kataifi was before ordering, and it's basically like a super thin noodle of puff pastry. Whole grilled shrimp were wrapped in the stuff, and it had both a texture and flavor I'd never experienced before. It was really good, as was the garlic and spinach couscous served with it. My husband had the sausage stuffed chicken thigh. I had a taste, and it was really good too. The portion size was generous (both were, actually), and the blend of the creamy polenta and sweet tomato sauce was delicious. I did think the chicken-sausage ratio was little off (much more chicken than sausage), but that was the only knock against the food all night. We had a Blackboard Eats coupon code which gave us 30% off the bill. We had no issues with the discount itself, but how they added the 30% was a little odd. They totaled everything (meal and tax), added an 18% gratuity, then took 30% of that total amount.. A little weird, but it wasn't a deal breaker. I would have given 5 stars, but the emptiness of the dining room was a little off-putting. For most of our meal (on a Friday evening), we were the only ones in the whole restaurant. Another couple arrived as our check was brought to us, but it was a little weird being the only ones there. Also, I thought their prices were a bit steep. All things totaled, we paid about $45 for an appetizer, 2 entrees, and a beer. And that was after the 30% off. Definitely buy the yelp or some other deal before you head here. They don't have a private parking lot or anything, but we had no trouble parking directly on Elston, and as a bonus, it was free to park (no annoying parking meters there). When we left, Elston was getting pretty full, but parking should still have been easy as the side streets don't require parking permits. On our way out, we noticed a cute little outdoor eating area. They wisely chose to put it on the side street, rather than Elston. We weren't offered the outdoor area when we were seated, odd, since we were the only ones there, but with the Chicago humidity running high, I didn't miss it.
