I will never, NEVER go to Lao Sze Chuan or any Lao establishment ever again, and you shouldn't either. This place used to be my go-to Chinese place. This was the place that I would take out-of-town friends to when they came in -- to show them the best that Chicago's Chinatown had to offer. Unfortunately, I did just that last Sunday and had the worst restaurant experience of my life. We were seated on the second level of the restaurant. First, we waited over 20 minutes as our waiter frequently walked by without stopping to welcome us, deliver water, or even acknowledge our existence. Finally, he came to deliver menus and water. After waiting another 20 minutes, the waiter promptly demanded our order. Both my order (spring rolls and Tony's Chicken) and my friend's order were straight-forward. My girlfriend, however, had some questions about the menu. Her queries were met with downright consternation. Asked what he would recommend with chicken on the menu, the waiter quickly rattled off the Szechuan Chicken. When asked if it was fried, the waiter affirmed as much. My girlfriend asked if he had a recommendation that wasn't fried. The waiter simply shrugged and stared at her. And the wait began again. We waited almost an hour until our food was served. Not surprisingly, the waiter forgot to ever bring my spring rolls. Assuming he forgot the order because he wasn't writing anything down, I politely stayed quiet and assumed it would not be on the bill. More about that later. Anyways, our food finally came. My chicken had been left in the frier for an extra 10-15 minutes. The chicken was fried until burned. None of the other dishes were up to Lao Sze Chuan's usual standard either. We quickly finished our meals as we were starving by this time. And here comes another wait...Twenty more minutes of awkward glances, staring down the waiter, and him walking right past. He would not come to our table until my girlfriend actually yelled, "Waiter!" as he walked by. He begrudgingly stopped by our table before slowly walking back to the register where he finally calculated then delivered our check.  What do you know, he charged us for the never-delivered spring rolls. Although our waiter had disappeared (literally walked out of the front door...), I flagged down another waiter. I explained to him that the spring rolls were never delivered. He looked at me inquisitively like he didn't believe me before offering to deliver an order of spring rolls. By this point, we had been at the restaurant for around three hours. The LAST thing that I wanted was an order of spring rolls. We pleaded with him to simply take the spring rolls off the check, until he finally consented. To add one final insult, as the waiter took the check back to the register, he took our fortune cookies, as well. Upon delivering the amended check, he did not deliver more fortune cookies. Apparently, taking a $2.50 item off your check that was never delivered means you don't get fortune cookies with your check... In the end, the service was rude, extremely slow, and inaccurate. The food was mediocre. I'm not sure what happened and what Lao Sze Chuan has become, but it begins and ends with its terrible wait staff.
