I can't be any more happy that we went with Lido. Lido is a Polish banquet hall known for great service and amazing food and boy oh boy did they deliver! From the time we met Peter, the owner, we knew we were in good hands. He was knowledgable, accomodating, helpful and always available to answer any questions we had. We made our own package that included, champage greeting, hor doeurves, linens, chair sashes, silverware, sweet table, cake, 7 course dinner, late night snack, wine on all tables and open bar. Peter called me the week of the wedding to confirm the cake, menu and guest count. We went and dropped some boxes off for set up. Peter said they can set up whatever we want. I had some linens I bought, and of course all the decor. By the time DOC got to reception Lido did all the set ups including centerpieces in an effort to help my aunt the florist make the ceremony on time. Everything looked beautiful and just the way I wanted it to look. With DOC's supervision my dream set ups came true. Food was amazing. We had lemon butter chicken that everyone LOVED, beef au jus, vesuvio potatos that were to die for and I ate a lot of, russian pierogi, salad, soup, cucumbers with sour cream and dill and green beans almondine. Our guests raved about the hor deourves that consisted of rolled sandwiches, chichen fingers (YUMO) and super fresh bruschetta. There were drinks and champage on all tables. After dinner they set up the "sweedish table" consisting of the sweet table and late night snack which included various salads, meats, breads, fruit, veggies and dip. They packed leftover fruit and sweet table for us to take home, which was a great snack Sunday morning before we left for our mini moon. The staff was amazing and the head waitress went above and beyond to make us happy, fetching whatever we requested. I felt taken care of and my guests raved about food, decor and service. The bar tender was super sweet and made drinks FAST! One of the things I was most excited about and people are still raving about was the cake and cake set up. Lido works with the amazing Oakmill bakery where we got to pick the cake we wanted. Lido set the cake in front of the head table and it looked amazing. I highly recommend them and would use them for another event in a heart beat!!!
