Went here last night with my Cinnamon Girl and fell in love. Not with her, but with the food. I have been a fan of Vietnamese food since first discovering Pasteur in the 90s and nothing has measured up since then. Until now. I almost never eat in Lincoln Park, but as fate would have it, we managed to eat on this stretch of Lincoln Avenue two Wednesdays in a row. This place has such great reviews that I knew I had to try it and after looking at the menu, my mouth was watering. We sat down and studied the menu. Keri is a dream dinner date because she just lets me order anything and happily goes along with it. How great is THAT? We ordered the lemongrass beef and vegetarian egg rolls for appetizers and I also ordered a strawberry smoothie, which you can opt to have as a bubble tea. The appetizers arrived and we snarfed the egg rolls. Crunchy exterior, and bountiful interior. So far, so good. We were a little flummoxed at the lemongrass beef. A plate of beef, vegetables and garnishes was set down in front of us as well as a bowl of hot water and little disks of what looked like plastic. I knew from the menu description that this was rice paper, but we weren't really sure what to do with it or how we were supposed to eat it. We each took one and piled the fillings onto the paper. Chaos ensued. Shards of rice paper went everywhere and it was not a pretty sight. The server returned and explained to us what we were supposed to do with the rice paper. Doy. Apparently the hot water is used to soften the rice paper wrapper and then you put the fillings inside and roll it up. Might have been nice if we were told that before the inside of my mouth bled on a sharp piece of the weaponry that is uncooked rice paper. Anyway, once we got the hang if it, it was delicious. I love the fresh herbs so prevalent in Vietnamese food. The meat was tender and flavorful and was lightly seared on the outside. The accompanying vegetables were so fresh and the mint and basil added such a clean finish. For our entrees we ordered the beef with mushrooms and asparagus and fried rice with grilled chicken. The beef was really good and came with shitaake mushrooms, which happen to be one of my favorites, and the asparagus was perfectly cooked. The rice was ok; I thought it was odd that the whole chicken breast sat atop the rice and was not cut up and actually in the rice, which itself was kind of bland. We were both really full but that didn't stop the girls with hearty appetites from finishing everything. The finish was sliced fresh oranges which were light and palate-cleansing. Simply It is simply the sh*t!
