OK...for years, I've been walking past Sun Wah and been saying "I've hit every restaurant on Argyle, but never sun Wah...never the one with the ducks hanging in the window." Well, it was about time I ventured into the infamous hanging duck place. So you ask why I thought those ducks were so intriguing, well, its simple; I love duck!  There I was, walking down Argyle with a friend,deciding whether to go to Pho 777, 888, 999, Tank, Haye Yen, etc etc. and the decision was made...Sun Wah. It was definateley not what I thought. I actually expected it to be a lot nicer in there than it was. When you first walk in, you are in a little vestebule area where the cashier counter is with some odd snacks and a menu on the wall. At first I thought that was the place, but then the friendly server showed us the rest of the restaurant. Not much to look at, sort of seemd like they threw a few tables around a room and forgot to put away the shipping crates, but I was there to try the BBQ.  I scanned the menu for a good couple of minutes trying to decide what sounded best. Since the doc shared the news that I am a border line diabetic, I've cut out the carbs so I look for dishes that are mostly proteins and veggies. Not a problem at Sun Wah. I ordered the three meat plate that is basically enough for two and only cost about 5 bucks. It had bit of chicken, duck and BBQ pork. I couldn't get enought of that pork...all sweet and BBQy...it was amazing. The chicken and duck were flavorfull and moist and everything laid upon a bed of this sweet soy sauce. The only issue I had with the chicken and duck was that it was cut is small pieces through the bone, so you had to really pick a lot and ended up with this gross pile of unedible chicken parts. :( After spooning on a bit of the soy/fish (whatever) sauce with the jalepenos in it that was on the table, my meal was boosted up another notch.  All said and done, I think my friend and I tabbed out at about 14 bucks total for the 2 of us to order 2 large dishes, a beer and some some tea. You can't beat that with a bat! The staff was helpful and friendly, the food was great and the prices were rock bottom low. Love it!!! I'll be back!
