Cucina Cubana, for the uninitiated, is fucking incredible. Cafe 28, for the unaware, is amazingly good at cucina Cubana. Before you tell me they're actually a bit pan-Latino, I know but I don't care. Their strength is their Cuban food and unless your name is Matt W, you don't get to tell me what I'm reviewing, punk. I've been to Cafe 28 a handful of times in the past couple months. I remember when they first opened years and years ago and I was so very afraid they weren't going to make it. The food was excellent but the location was so questionable, despite being right off the Irving Park Brown Line stop. I can't express how happy I am that they not only survived but have thrived and expanded over the years. Their food is amazing, their service levels outstanding and their commitment to a consistently good experience second to none. Starter-wise I whole heartedly recommend their bacon-wrapped dates. 5 luscious, melt in your mouth pieces of crispy bacon-wrapped goodness stuffed with chorizo. Likewise the Taste of Cuba is good for a little variety. Know what else is good? The bread. And the crack cocaine spread they serve with it. No clue what's in it, aside from crack cocaine. Goddamn it, so good. The entrees I can testify to are the Cuban Roast Pork and the Ropa Vieja. The pork is absolutely succulent and with the congri underneath it's an amazing bite. And that's all well and good until you get to the face meltingly incredible Ropa Vieja. It's slow cooked flank steak in a tomato, onion and pepper sauce with rice and black beans. It's tender. It's tangy. It's outrageously delicious and I want to bathe in it. I want to be buried in it. I want someone to walk ahead of me throwing it before me. Simply put: their Ropa Vieja is really, really, ridiculously good tasting. Unfortunately their desserts don't do much for me but that's why god made Margie's Candies which isn't too far, maybe a 10 minute drive. That's good enough for me. Cafe 28, I am in love with you. And I mean it.
