Piece wants to be three things at once: traditional wood booth pizzeria, raucous sports bar, and quality micro-brewery. It succeeds by varying degrees at each. As a pizzeria, Piece is scattershot, trying to satisfy a range of tastes rather than just focusing on one. Here you'll find traditional red sauce and mozzarella style pizza (they call it red) and European style pizza on a plain crust with olive oil and mozzarella (they call it white) and New Haven style pizza with red sauce, garlic and extra parmesan (they call it plain).  European style pizza is not their bag and their version suffers by comparison to the more authentic Neapolitan style pizza found at places like Crust or Coal Fire. Their New Haven style pizza is not terribly distinct from traditional pizza and can strike one as gimmicky, while their traditional red sauce pizza is pretty good. The crust is thick and chewy with a pleasing flavor and the oily cheese drips from either end when you fold it over to bite into it Italian style. As a sports bar, Piece is loud, crowded and not especially well laid out. The best TVs for viewing are behind the bar which means patrons congregate in the narrow space between the bar and the seating area, gazing up at the screens, creating a bottleneck for the servers. Those sitting at the bar know what a favored place they hold and don't give it up easily, so if you want to watch a game, you'll probably have to do it from your table. But not all tables are well situated for viewing, which can be annoying if you're there to watch a particular game. Piece is housed in an old roofing company garage, a cavernous space with a high arched ceiling and a concrete floor. The sound reverberates off the hard surfaces, amplifying the racket. This is not especially a detriment in a sports bar but can grate on the nerves if you're just they're to enjoy a pizza and a beer. Say what you will about it as a sports bar or a pizzeria, Piece is an outstanding brew pub. The hand crafted beer, brewed on premises in the seven barrel brew-house, is award winning. Try the Dysfunctionale, a wonderful flowery hoppy brew. Or the Dark and Curvy Dunkelweisen, authentically German and crisp. They offer eight different styles as well as seasonal varietals, and they offer growlers for sale.  Unfortunately, Piece's desire to be more than one thing can shift the focus away from the beer. The atmosphere is not ideal for relaxing and savoring and plenty of customers are there to bolt a Miller Lite and watch a White Sox game and couldn't care less about the estimable skills of the brewmaster.  But Piece packs them in. So any quibble about misplaced honorifics is probably irrelevant. Piece is popular, even if it isn't always exceptional at all the things it's trying to be.
