Spacca Napoli offers you a true Italian experience in that their menu is entirely in Italian. Other than that, it's largely an imitation and a fairly expensive one at that. First off the place was pretty crowded. We went in on a Tuesday night and did not have reservations. It was raining so the outdoor seating was not available. We didn't have to wait that long. YMMV on other nights. It sounds like this place gets crowded. Our waitress was great. She answered all our questions including deciphering the cryptic menu for us as it wasn't in English. Maybe that sounds ignorant but every table around us was asking her what was on the menu and she polity obliged us all. Which took quite a bit of time. I genuinely felt bad for her. Would it be that much of a conceit to have a menu in English? They use premixed flour for dough for Christ sake. The menu consisted of appetizers, pizza, and wine. It's not huge and I'd probably avoid bringing kids here. We ordered based on what our waitress recommended after she went through EVERY item and translated it for us. It was obvious she does this for every table. We ended up getting an eggplant appetizer that was served cold and since we were expecting warm it was a pretty big let down. They also brought out 5 thin slices of melba round sized bread with about 2 pounds of eggplant. We were not sure just how we were supposed to use all of the eggplant with just five pieces of bread. On it's own the cold eggplant wasn't enjoyable. The bread was very good albeit in short supply. We are not drinkers so I can't tell you how their wine list was. It seemed fairly robust and served in classical Italian wine glasses. I can tell you that if you order a coke it's $2 and they bring out an 8 ounce capped baby bottle. Drink water or splurge on wine. $2 for 8 ounces of coke is incredibly disproportionate. For the pizza you're going to want to order your own pie. We didn't know and ordered one to split which was not enough for the both of us. We got a Margarita pizza for about $10. The ingredients where fresh but we were spread extremely thin. One small piece of Spinach on the entire thing. The water sauce ran all over the table. The Cheese was fresh and excellent. The dough seemed prefabricated and as circularly perfect as a pizza from Dominoes. It's edges were burnt as you'd expect a Napoli styled pizza to be but it wasn't that great. It was rather bland with dough that seemed to come from a can. This place is an expensive imitation and not worth the wait.
