What a difference a year makes. I took my wife to GE just over a year ago for our anniversary and had a true 5-star experience. The five course tasting menu was simply amazing. There was the deconstructed and oh so flavorful caesar salad; a fantastic Thai-inspired squash soup spiked with curry, lemongrass, and kaffir lime; the gorgeous wagyu beef and deeply flavorful truffle consume that I still dream about to this day; and finally a creative take on s'mores for an unforgettable dessert. Throw in some great cocktails and a dinner soundtrack of Girl Talk's "Feed The Animals" playing in the background and I was hooked. This was not your typical white table cloth fine dining experience and I loved it.  With such a great first experience, we decided to come back about a year later for the wifey's bday. By this time GE had restructured their menu so we went with the more extensive Collection Menu. Instead of walking away discussing yet another amazing dinner, we left scratching our heads wondering, "What happened?" First off, where was GE's famous truffle-parm popcorn that started our meal last time around? Maybe they don't serve it anymore or they just plain forgot. In either case I would normally give this a pass (it is just popcorn after all), but what really struck me was the food, both in terms of taste and quantity. In general, the food just lacked the balance and pop of flavor that makes your eyes big and your head nod after the first bite. To compound the issue, when we did encounter a dish we liked (the lobster risotto, for example) there just wasn't enough of it to enjoy. Plating was artistic and, at times, playful, but the use of large dishware that had more white space than food only served to highlight the size of each course, or lack thereof. I can appreciate proper portion size over ten courses, but we were honestly still hungry when we left. Even the best course of the night, a reinterpretation of steak and eggs cheerfully presented as a smiley face, just didn't have the depth of flavor that I remember from our first meal here.  Being my wife's bday, the kitchen was kind enough to send our table two foie gras lollipops coated in pop rocks. Strangely enough, the pastry chef wasn't in that night (so we were told), hence the foie instead of a baked good of some sort. That's a win for me, but not so much for the bday girl who isn't particularly fond of foie. I'm not deducting stars on this point (I can't personally knock free foie), but just an interesting close to our meal given how different it was from our first experience.  Averaging out these two experiences leaves me with a 4-star review. I haven't completely written off GE because of our last dinner, but I'm more inclined to continue exploring Chicago's rich culinary scene before coming back here.
