In a town based partially on the beef industry and with a storied history of excellent steak houses, Mastros stepped up to the plate and proved it could play with the big boys. Indeed in the same breath, I will now say, "Smith & Wolinski, Gene & Georgetti's, Chicago Chop House,... Mastros." This is my first review, but it details my second visit here. "Cutting to the chase" (pun intended), the chef seared the entire exterior of the chop with a butter/oil combination of some sort that locked the flavor into it. The sear did not overpower the beef flavor at all. Importantly, I ordered medium, and I got medium; my friends ordered medium rare, and they got medium rare. These people know how to cook. These people also know how to select a cut. With an eye for detail, my NY Strip had enough marble to cook correctly and taste correctly. It did not have just any old marbling, but rather the cut was thinly marbled so that the bites just melted in your mouth and did not resist a single chew.  Finally, the place knew how to pair, prepare and cook the sides. I wanted grilled asparagus with a very light medium, and I received perfectly grilled asparagus with a slight bit of butter. Their renowned lobster mashed and wasabi mashed potatoes never disappoint and have their own draw. The lobster mashed are not greasy at all, and have the right amount of fat so as not to be overly rich. The wasabi mashed have the best flavor to them of any mashed potatoes I've ever had, and I eat mashed potatoes (and thus go to the gym) about 4 times per week. The sides are the specialty. The wine list is partially professional. If you know your wine, then you'll love it; if you don't know your wine, then the staff will help you love it. I had a Bordeaux, and I went out and bought half a case of the same because it was that good! Furthermore on the staff, professional, courteous, knowledgeable, and accomodating without compromising. They won't let some philistine come into the place and throw down some ketchup, but I also felt that they would not reprimand you obnoxiously for some social or dining misstep. Our waiter made our experience better. The ambiance is classic yet modern, with a sort of cleanliness to it that still makes the warm rather than sterile. You have a traditional, awesome piano bar where they keep booked an outstanding trio of a drummer, piano player, and vocalist. The lights are very, very dim, as they should be. The walls are dark wood, the accents are hard marble and other woods, with a tasteful and plush carpet in the dining rooms. The place embodies simple elegance. Returning to the piano bar, you get a lively but refined crowd of younger to middle-aged socialites, but no trashiness overall. You get all walks of life, older couples, girls/guys on the town, people just grabbing a bite, and those doing a quick business dinner in a really nice bar. Business professionals and classy average joes/janes as well frequented that day. The place has a great vibe. I only saw two hipsters, and both of them were bro's in what you could tell was their finest piece of ironic flannel clothing. Kudos to them for trying to exhibit some sort of manners by wearing some sort of collar and at least partially showering and partially covering their ironic tattoos, and not talking about going "double-pits-to-chesty" while INSIDE of the restaurant. Maybe these guys are the refined version of that awful manager at Owen & Wilson (a.k.a Owen & Engine)... but I digress. At the risk of just sounding as though I merely received exactly what I requested and hence was pleased upon delivery, I offer you this: consistency makes champions. However, I'll add that I have never been more impressed with the side dishes at any other steak house, which is what put Mastros into the big leagues. You should go there just to have the lobster or wasabi mashed potatoes some time! They're that good. Regrettably, I need to dock it one star because technically it is a chain, albeit on the higher end of chains. The common threat of a chain is always the stifling of creativity, and though the head chef may be creating in his main kitchen somewhere and have excellent monitoring at the locations, the formula approach always discounts as to the specialness of the location. Let's not hang our hats on that one downside, thought. This place is outstanding. Mastros, my hat is off to you, and I salute you for your excellence. I will be back next week!!
