Last night after unpacking boxes all day my friend decided she wanted to take me somewhere awesome for dinner. It being 11pm, this was the only place she figured was open. It was packed when we got there, our tables were low and we had to take our shoes off, it was a nice ambiance. But my friend had never sat at those tables before so she was confused when the 2 people escorting us started screaming "TAKE YOUR SHOES OFF" at her. Once we sat down and got settled in, we were brought 2 glasses of tepid tap water. We studied the menu and decided on the bbq items we wanted the "waitress" came within 5 minutes to take our orders. My friend wanted to get some vegetable dumplings as an appetizer, and she's highly allergic to mushrooms so she asked the "waitress" if there were any mushrooms in the dish. The lady looked at her as if she was crazy, clearly not understanding her and just said "they're prepackaged". A couple minutes later she came back and threw about 25 or so side dishes on our table,and our bottle of sake. The waitress came back 10 minutes later or so and plopped our choice meat on the table, saw that my glass of water was empty and brought a pitcher of water and left it on the table, so she wouldn't be bothered with waiting on us anymore. Halfway through our meal she brought out 2 bowls of soup, tofu, cucumber and broth, I didn't care for it much. Now the bbq we had was delicious, the ventilation above us was horrible and my friend had smoke in her face the entire time we were there, but we enjoyed it for the hour or so we were in the restaurant. When it came time to pay she presented us with the bill promptly, but didn't return for about 40 minutes to collect payment. My friend paid for the meal so I'm not even sure if she had charged us for the dumplings we didn't even get. I pressed the call button after about 40 minutes of waiting because I was getting really uncomfortable sitting on the floor (they have floor chairs that we sat on, but 2 hours sitting like that gets a little uneasy). So I pressed the call button I noticed on the side of our table, and a loud bell-like sound chimed throughout the whole restaurant. When the "waitress" came over to us she had a sour look on her face, took the credit card and bill and took it up front. When she returned the card, she waited by the exit of the section we were sitting in (based on what I've read from other reviews, probably to make sure we paid and left her a nice fat tip) my friend always tips cash, and proceeded to leave a nice heft 20% tip. Honestly, having been a waitress for 5 years when I was younger, I wouldn't have even left her a tip. Maybe a couple bucks on a $70 meal. So in conclusion: food would get 3-4 stars, it's pretty tasty, but based on service I would advise you to go anywhere else. Don't expect to have a good service experience here! Or good drinking water.
