Can I please have three hours of my life back? I feel like this place stole a piece of my soul and the terrible servers/hostesses are feeding off of it to sustain their miserable existences. NEGATIVE A BILLION STARS. The door guy: The door guy totally tricked me. Other reviews state how he's terribly rude, but he was actually nice to me. He made me believe that the rest of the staff would be like him. Wrong. Thanks door guy, you were the highlight of my dismal night. The hostess: She had a really terrible and painful looking sunburn, which is why I'm guessing she sucked and was rude. My colleague/ the birthday boy asked for a table, to which her response was "Ugh... it's going to be a while- maybe a few hours, I don't know." Confused, we returned to the table, where we were having beers, and assumed she was having an off night. About 45 minutes later she came to seat us and noted that the small cake that we brought could not be eaten at the table, regardless of whether or not it was for a birthday. Hopleaf hates fun, true story. THE EVIL SERVER WHO SHALL REMAIN NAMELESS: Oh my f'ing god Hopleaf, what do you do to these servers??? Are they paid? Are they fed? Do you lock them in the cellar at night and torture them? If not, then why WHY WHY was she the absolute worst person I think I've ever met (and believe me, I have met some truly awful people). We thought at first that she was unable to hear the pitch of her own voice, because she was barking at our table "DO YOU GUYS KNOW WHAT YOU WANT? DO YOU NEED ANOTHER BEER? OH, YOU GUY ALL HAVE FULL BEER GLASSES? UGH, I DON'T HAVE ANY SUGGESTIONS, WHY DON'T YOU LOOK AT THE MENU AND FIGURE IT OUT?" Um, ok, we just asked for water, psycho. While we waited an hour for our food, we had to flag down the busboy to get our server so we could get more drinks... after 30 minutes of not knowing whether she took the rest of the night off or not, one person went to the bar and ordered herself a drink. BIG MISTAKE, THAT'S A TONGUE LASHING FROM THE SERVER. We literally got reprimanded by the server, because we were impatient. Apparently 30 minutes isn't that long to wait for your server to check on you. Weird. So, my friend leaves the table to smoke outside, and while gone, I explain to our server that I understand their food policy and ask if there was anything that could be done to acknowledge our friend's birthday (a specialty dessert or drink....). She explains to me that they are an "ADULT" restaurant, and at some point, adults stop celebrating their birthdays-- and that we should try that. I explain to her that it's actually very important to him for personal reasons that he's even here able to celebrate, and she continues telling me that as an ADULT ESTABLISHMENT, they don't do trivial things like acknowledge (not sing, just SAY) happy birthday and will not, under any circumstances, allow us to do so. OK, I get it-- the seven adults sitting at the table are not adult enough for Hopleaf. Hopleaf absolutely hates fun. Instead of just leaving it at that, she then tries to use an anecdote in case I was confused about the simple sentences spewing from her mouth. She explained that she doesn't come into the Gap (where she assumes I work) and try to sell Express jeans. She then goes on to say that if we want cake that bad, we can go to one of our apartments and eat it. WTF. No, no you did not just talk to me that way you f'ing psycho. I told her that she was being rude and should stop speaking to me immediately, but the batshit crazy lady continued, and repeated the SAME EXACT ANECDOTE. I told her that I was not a child and that I understood simple English without the use of anecdotes and that she was being extremely rude and should stop talking to me. We're not talking about my friend having cake anymore, you are now personally attacking me on several levels (pointing in my face, saying "I don't know where YOU work, but if I went to the Gap...", raising her voice, assuming my class/work/living status, etc.) and will not stop talking to me after asking her several times to stop (with patrons from other tables just staring). Oh, and if you MUST use anecdotes to get your point across, at least use them correctly. She doesn't return to our table for the rest of the night, but has one of the bartenders bring up our check. Really? Are you THAT immature and unprofessional? I guess so. After we pay (oh, and she added a very generous tip for herself) the hostess brings back our receipt. You have to be kidding me. I really don't understand how a business can employ people who yell at their customers, point in their faces, insult them, disrupt other customers at neighboring tables, and act generally unprofessional and uncourteous. I have never been treated so terribly at a restaurant in my entire life. Hopleaf is by the far the single worst dining experience I have ever had, all because of this lousy server. Bottom line: Mediocre food, terrible service. Why bother?
