Went there for my boyfriend's bday, and we were both sorely dissappointed. My boyfriend is a serious foodie, and I thought for his birthday he'd love to hit up this hot new spot I have heard so much about. What's more is he loves his beer, and after looking at the menu, I thought this would be the perfect place to take him. I was dissappointed, but I was more dissappointed that he was, too. The frites with egg were great, and he enjoyed the duck liver and hearts. I thought they were too chewy and rubber-like, but the pancetta was a nice touch. We both agreed the chicken and potee were lackluster. The chicken was dry and the spice mixture didn't seem ground breaking. In fact, it tasted like something I could have done on my grill. The summer sausage that accompanied it was salty and tasted like anything you can get in a Hickory Farms gift basket. The potee lacked any real memorable flavor besides salt. The waiter accidentally brought us an order of beets and ricotta, but the beets and the ricotta were the same mushy texture, I'm not sure why the were chosen as compliments. The beer selection did hit the mark, if it was overpriced. We wanted to try some cheese and or ham, but my boyfriend, who works as a manager at a spirits store that has an extensive gourmet grocery, refused to allow me to spend that kind of marked up price for things that are available at the store for a much more reasonable price. Our waiter was knowledgeable, but pretentious. Also, service was SO slow. We had a decent wait between courses, and had to wait an extremely long time for our bill. I was shocked since the staff seemed to equal to the number of patrons. Speaking of the other patrons, it was so loud and was a little too trendy for my taste. As soon as I see anyone in an Ed Hardy shirt and a blazer, I know I'm out of my element. I was shocked when our bill came, because it wasn't as expensive as I anticipated, and we did get a lot of food. I wish I would've spent that money elsewhere, still.
