For being so excited to eat at Rick Bayless's restaurant, I was impressed but I think my expectations were a little too high. I thought the margaritas were very good but somewhat small for $11 a piece. My wife and I had two each while we waited, luckily at the bar, for an hour and half while we waited to be seated. The guacamole may have been the highlight of the food portion of our meal. However, for our drinks and the guac, we spent $60 before we even sat down. I also really liked the seafood platter which consisted of 3 types of unbelievably fresh and creamy oysters. The salsas that came with were unneeded as they oysters were great on their own. It also came with two ceviches, a ahi tuna and a sunfish. The ahi tuna was perfect and I think might be there most popular. The sunfish was good but nothing to die for. For dinner, I was extremely disappointed because when I went to order the Thursday specialty at 8:30 (slow roasted Lamb in banana leaves with a sauce that sound extraordinary) I was told by our waiter that they had already sold out. Without looking at the menu again, he said his favorite was the flank stank and I had ordered. The flank steak was good but undercooked for medium rare and just not anything special. Rick Bayless is known for complex flavors and I made the mistake of not looking at the menu again when I got the bad news. That is my fault, not theirs. My wife got the short rib app because she was already full and it tasted very good. Instead of dessert, we opted for our waiter's recommendation of trying some tequilas. We tried a flight of some of their best tequila, which was fun and tasty. He also brought us his two favorites to sample. The service was a little shaky but this act and knowledge of the tequila won us back over. The bartenders are great by the way. All of the margaritas are shaken in front of you. All in all, I really liked the restaurant but was disappointed with what I ordered for my main course. I can get steak at a steak house. Next time, I will go for the mole. It also is a little pricey for what you get, but we were both on expense accounts and did not mind the $200 check. I will definitely go back and probably be able to add a star or two with the proper expectations.
