This review is in response to Cody M's review on 7/4 and his embarassment.You are placing your embarassment in the wrong place...it belongs with you and your full of lies review.I am one of the two servers that tried to take care of your group. The second server was named Michael, not Justin, as you listed. Your whole party was not cut off...only the 5 of you who were either slurring already, couldn't sit up straight or couldn't focus on your servers. The other 6 were served as they asked for drinks. And yes, there were only 11 of you...not 13 or 16 like you spewed in the managers face as you cussed her and threatened these reviews on here to try and get your way with the bottles of champagne. You were not allowed the champagne because 5 of you were intoxicated and we have laws to abide by. As far as the professionalism of the manager and sous chef goes, I think they remained pretty well there considering your foul mouthed tantrum by the service bar in front of other employees and guests. The police were called because your group threatened a walk out on the tab. One of you threw down a credit card after that call was made in order to avoid trouble once the police showed up. Saying that a chef admitted to planting hair in your food is ridiculous, especially since the hair was the wrong color. And it was one, not five and since it didn't match anyone in contact with that dish, who's to say where it came from or when it got there. Just sayin. As far as my attitude towards twenty somethings goes...love them. They are fun tables to wait on normally. Read in another review by one of your friends that night, that I was less than thrilled to be serving a bunch of twenty somethings. It wasn't your age, it was your drunk antics and immature behavior that I had to get through.Advice...want a good time at dinner with friends? To celebrate with drink and champagne? Show up sober. And if you don't, understand that our jobs depend on staying within the law, and keep your tantrums out of it and you won't get embarassed. We were all as professional as you and your friends allowed us to be.Happy dining elsewhere friend.
