This spot near Sox park really hits a home run with their food.I completely understand some of the skepticism people have about this new breakfast / lunch spot in the heart of Bridgeport, I really do. However I think some people are too quick to judge and dismiss it.I just dined at Nana for the SECOND time this weekend. Me and my wife came to Nana the first time on a busy weekend for brunch right after they had first opened and had the experience of waiting quite a while for a table and for our food.*****IMPORTANT TO NOTE*****Being in the service industry myself I understand the inner workings of a restaurant and one thing I must point out is that when we were there I observed that the Micros? (computerized order system that sends the customer orders to the kitchen) was completely not functioning. The servers had to input orders then reprint them at a different computer and manually hand them to the cooks. Being a server myself I can only say that THIS WOULD BE AN ABSOLUTE NIGHTMARE FOR ANY KITCHEN!!! Situations like this can bring even the best kitchen staff to a dead stop. Yes, the food that day was sub-par and somewhat inconsistent, but considering they had a restaurant full of hungry brunchers, I think it's pretty amazing that they were able to function at all under the circumstances.Because of the situation with their Micros system that day me and the wife decided to give the place another chance and came out for brunch last weekend on Sep. 13. I am sooooooo glad we did.So happy was I with everything on Sunday that I decided to completely overlook the first experience. I mean, heck, they are brand new and still ironing out the kinks of a brand new concept right? So we decided to give it another shot.THE FOOD was absolutely amazing. My wife had a rendition of huevos rancheros that I must say is probably one of the best in the city. Nice crispy tortillas topped with perfectly seasoned black beans (which I much prefer to the stewed pintos they do at Orange), then a mixture of bell peppers and onions with melted cheese that oozed out into the black beans when we started to eat it. They topped it with the over easy eggs (which were still runny just as they should be) then some mildly spicy green salsa and a huge portion of sliced avocados on top. (must have been near half an avocado, which I'm sure do not come cheap organically). I would definitely recommend this plate to anyone. It was a veritable tower of huevos rancheros, not the bland, flat plate of beans and tortillas I'm used to having at most of the places I frequent on the north side.For my plate I chose a burger. Though I am a huge fan of brunch, I am an early riser and usually only prefer breakfast fare quite early in the morning so it was nice to see that they had sandwiches available. (We arrived around 11.) Call me a hippy but I chose the Magic Mushroom burger mostly because of the name, not really expecting much. Damn was I surprised when they arrived with a burger that was nearly twice as tall as it was wide. 100% grass fed certified organic burgers raised somewhere in Wisconsin I'm told, and the beef had a really phenomenal flavor. The burger came on a very tasty bun that the sever told us came from Red Hen Organic Bakery and was slathered in roasted garlic mayo....... so good..... call me a mayo freak but I love the stuff and knew this as homemade right away when I tasted l little extra virgin olive oil in the mayo mix, and the garlic flavor was spot on. The burger itself had a load of sauteed mushrooms on top held in place by a shield of melted cheese. Can't tell you exactly what they use in their mushroom mix, but if I was Nana, I wouldn't want to let that secret out either, the flavor was just unreal. Maybe a little balsamic or something??? The icing on the metaphorical cake - the burger had a heaping helping of deep fried onions ON TOP of the massive pile of mushrooms and cheese. Served with a pickle and home-made (deliciously crispy) french fries, this burger is truly an intimidating sight when you see it heading toward your table. The server picked it up from the open kitchen window and I thought, damn, I hope that's us... then as they dropped it off at our table as I accidentally, audibly uttered a hell yeah... One of the best burgers I have had all summer. The onions could've used a little bit more salt but as a smoker maybe my taste buds are a little weaker than the norm. I was 110% satisfied.THE DECOR - My wife always rates a place partially based on their bathrooms. She said they were beautifully tiled, looked like they actually built the stalls themselves (out of wood!) and her only complaint in that regard was that the trash cans were too small. They seem to have picked up where they dropped the ball and IMPROVED EVERYTHING!!! Ignore the 2 negative reviews on here and definitely give the place a shot. PRICE = moderate (only expensive considering the neighborhood)FOOD = A+SERVICE = B+DECOR = A-
