First Impression- The word Pubican having the word "public" in it fits the theme of the restaurant. The main seating area has communal tables, and the booths are interestingly cozy and more private. The communal theme is carried out into the washroom area where men and women use the same sink (don't worry- the stalls are private). The ambiance is warm with the wood grain furnishings, yellow walls, globe light fixtures, and oversized and beautiful pig paintings.  Wait staff- Very personable, friendly, and honest. They let you choose without pushing a particular dish on you. My waitress informed us that the plates are usually perfect for sharing, however, the brunch menu is more of a personal plate set-up. Sharing.... Public.... Communal... Libations- I ordered a special drink they had that day called a Pub Radler. It is a delicious and refreshing summery drink with lemonade, ginger ale, bourbon, and lager. The Mrs. had a Publican Mimosa with citrusy light ale instead of champaign. Both were inspired creations and perfect on a hot summer day in Chicago.  Menu- Although I got a glimpse of the main menu, I was using the Saturday brunch menu that included items from soft shell crab to pork schnitzel to scrambled eggs. Good variety without having too many options. Raw oysters seem to be one of their specialties, however, I did not try it. I had the pork schnitzel, and others in my party got soft shell crab, thick cut bacon, egg foccacia, and raspberry butter cake. We also had sides of spicy pork rinds and hash brown potatoes. All of the items I sampled were excellent, and I would order them again. The bacon.... sweet maple, smokey, salty, sweet, yummy fatty delicious BACON is probably the best bacon I have ever had. Looking at the menu, signage, and ambiance, pork does seem to be their specialty.  After the meal- we shared a 32oz coffee press for us four (a stretch for four people... I think an additional 16 oz would have filled us up a bit more). The regular roast is advertised in the menu as their own, while the decaf option is by Intelligensia (we did not try decaf). The house roast from the press was rich and creamy without being too bold. To accompany our coffee we ordered two plates of banana bread, which was perfect as each plate had two slices. The bread was more dense then I am used to, but the dish was jazzed up with mint leaves and raspberries.  This restaurant is the perfect place for me to get out of my comfort zone and try dishes I have only seen on foodie TV shows but never tried for myself. They also have familiar comfort food options.  I am glad I do not live near this restaurant. I would always "pig" out.
