I'm a big fan of the show Top Chef and ever since Rick Bayless won Top Chef Masters I had a mission! I was in Chicago a few weeks ago and I was determined to go to Frontera Grill even if I have to wait 5 hours! I wanted to see for myself if he really is the best in whipping up Mexican Fine Dining. We just came out of Gino East for lunch and stuffed like we were never going to eat another meal, but we walked to Frontera Grill determined to make a reservation for the night (since they told us over the phone that they are no longer taking any reservations only sign-in so we actually have to physically be at the restaurant - insanity!!) You can seriously see the line out the door a mile away from Frontera Grill - we were thinking darn this place must really be good! We got there at 4pm,got in line for 20mins. sign our names and they told us to come back at 8:45pm but they still cant guarantee that a table will be open for us. WTF!!??We decided to hit some bars and wait it out. I think we got a little bit too tipsy so we ended up getting at Frontera grill a little bit past 9pm (and was nervous that we probably wont get a table at this point) we got to the place and they sat us right away! Jackpot! The place is really very artsy with lots of Mexican masks and local mexican arts. Then on to the Menu:Ordered some cocktails right away! 1)Blackberry Mojito: vanilla-infused D'Aristi rum, fresh mint, Klug Farm blackberries, lime juice. 10.00 2)Summer Margarita: 3 Generaciones blanco tequila, muddled organic cucumber, fresh lime juice, organic cane syrup. Shaken at the table. 10.00 3)Gold Margarita: Sauza Gold tequila, Cazadores blanco tequila and Gran Torres orange liqueur steeped with fresh lime juice. 7.00 4) Mexican Mojito: fresh-squeezed lime juice, muddled fresh mint, organic cane syrup, your choice of tequila or rum and a splash of soda. 9.50All really good but not strong enough for me :))Since we were all still stuffed from Ginos we decided to get 2 appetizers and just share two Entree:Appetizers:1) Trio, Trio, Trio: a sampling of Ceviche Fronterizo, Ceviche Yucateco and Ceviche de Atun Chamoy. 16.00 - 3 different kinds of ceviche in a martini type of glass - the seafood in each ceviche was amazing! one had shrimp, one had tuna, and one had calamari yum! it was addicting!2) Tamal de Puerco en Mole Verde: banana leaf-steamed tamal of fresh-ground corn masa and Maple Creek braised pork. Green pumpkinseed mole, arugula salad. 7.50 - I knew I had to order some type of Mole because that's what ulitmately what made him win Top Chef master and I swear to you, you have to order this dish! I think it had crack it was so good! lol! It was a small plate - only $7.50, I wish we ordered a few more plate of this because I can eat this on its own and Ill be a happy camper. The braised pork was so tender and juicy and the sauce was orgasmic!Entree:1) Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena: Creekstone Natural Black Angus rib steak, marinated in spicy red chile and wood- grilled, served with black beans, sweet plantains with sour cream, and guacamole. 29.50 - this Carne Asada was featured in Food Network Best thing I ever ate so we had to order it and damn! I totally agree with them. It was so juicy and just melt in your mouth good! The sauce was just perfect. The Carne Asada was huge! I grew up from San Diego so I know good Carne Asada, but damn this one was really good!2) Poc Chuc de Puerco: sour orange-marinated, grill-seared Maple Creek pork with Yucatecan garnishes: grill-roasted onions, sliced heirloom tomatoes, tangy Napa cabbage, avocado, habanero salsa, black bean soup. 23.00 - I wanted to try another speciality so we tried their Porkchop marinated in Sour Orange. This was also recommended by the server. It was really good too and just a tip - watch out for the little green sauce that comes with this dish - it was freakin' hot! I think it was made in Hell because it burned all of our tongue! The server warned us but silly me, i didnt believe him, i put a big spoonful of that melted fire and bam!! My mouth was on fire!!!!! it was good though lol!We had no room for desert so we decided to stop eating lol! We had the best time ever in Frontera Grill - I still dream about that Mole, im glad he doesnt have a restaurant in California otherwise I'd be 500lbs! You have to go to Frontera Grill at least once in your life - you will not regret it. Rick Bayless is the man, if he can't do it, no one can!!!
