Wilberry Cafe: come to Meli. Pay attention. This is how you should make "fresh" strawberry pancakes. That's right, the menu at Meli says that they serve their strawberry pancakes and waffles with fresh strawberries, and when your order arrives, you actually have strawberries that somebody washed and sliced (in the kitchen!) on your plate. They serve a generous amount of the fresh fruit, too. There's not a plate of gooey canned strawberries to be found here. This is also how a juice bar should be run. There's a decent-sized glass with no corn syrup or other fillers inside, just fruit juice, guts, and maybe seeds (I ordered a berry concoction so that's par for the course). You don't get some wee shot glass full of runny goop with a kool-aid aftertaste. That said, you definitely pay for the quality here, both in the price of the items and possibly in time spent waiting in the packed lobby area or even outside on the sidewalk. These are not IHOP prices, but then, IHOP doesn't offer delicious artichokes or Lavazza coffee. My only issues with this place concern potatoes and decor. You cannot get potatoes, apparently, except in a skillet with eggs and cheese. Sure, I could hold the eggs and cheese, but then I'm paying $11 for just potatoes. I'd like to see a side of hash browns (not corned beef hash...hash browns!) or something like the North Shore Potatoes at Clarke's. Potatoes are Very Important. Then, the walls look schizophrenic. There are "country kitchen," "Paris bistro," Danish modern, and random Greek elements scattered throughout the restaurant. The Greek letters on the walls make sense, because this is Greektown after all, but the rest...? It wouldn't be hard to change a couple things and have some sense of a cohesive concept. Normally I don't care about decor but since they obviously put a lot of time and money into it here, I'm a bit stumped over the results. The service, bathrooms, menu selection, and menu clarity (as in, does what arrives at your table actually resemble what you thought you were getting based on what the menu said) are all good. Even during the busy lunch period, our servers always stop by and check on refills often enough. Overall, I'm a fan but I can't give them 5 stars because they deprived me of my beloved hash browns. What kind of all-day breakfast restaurant doesn't have them?!? Honestly, I know a lot of people who would give it 5 stars and am married to a person who considers it his favorite place in Greektown or for breakfast food period, but obviously none of these people are embroiled in a passionate affair with the fried potato.
