Someone where my boyfriend works told him about Revolution Brewing's bacon fat popcorn, so off we went for lunch on MLK day. Firstly, the decor is very cool - it just seems like a nice, chill hangout. And the beer is awesome - they brew it themselves and I highly recommend the Baracus. The more full-bodied the beer the better, because let's face it - unless I'm upside down over a keg, there's no reason to drink cheap beer after the age of 22. Since the whole point of coming to Revolution was to try the bacon fat popcorn, imagine our disappointment when after two beers each of around 11 percent alcohol volume, there was still no sign of the popcorn. When they dropped off our pizza and we informed them of our missing popcorn, the waitress rushed right over with a fresh batch and informed us it was on the house, which was very nice of them. She said the food runner had run it a different table on accident, which brings up a good point - restaurants, don't use food runners. I was a waitress for many years at high-end chains in downtown Chicago, and I never worked anywhere that used a food runner, it's just lazy and causes unnecessary confusion if as a server, you're unaware of where your food is at all times. I digress. Unfortunately, my choice of beer did not go well at all with the popcorn - which honestly, wasn't as amazing as it sounded, but still - it's bacon fat popcorn, which in and of itself is a marvelous thing (extra points for the crispy sage on top). I wasn't expecting their pizza to be particularly great, so imagine my surprise when I ended up loving it. I ordered the Arugula, meant to ask for no lemon-infused olive oil, but was ecstatic when I forgot. I've never thought of putting lemon oil on a pizza, but honestly, the oil on the Arugula was the most pleasing taste I've ever experienced. Is lemon-infused olive oil a thing? Do they sell this? I've seen flavored olive oil before, but does anyone know where to get lemon? To be fair, my love of the lemon olive oil may be the reason I loved their pizza so much, but well done Revolution, well done.
