There are already TONS of professional & amateur reviews of Alinea, you can read through them if you want to get into the details. I'll spend my time here throwing out some general impressions, in no particular order. Enjoy! - Book (buy tickets) way, way, way in advance. This place is booked for at least two months out. - Mental prep - don't over-hype this place before your first visit. Like most other fine dining restaurants, this place is very, very good. However, if you keep thinking this is supposed to be the #1 rated restaurant in the U.S., you're likely to leave disappointed (like my wife and I). - Dinner for the 6 of us took over 6 hours to complete. Make sure you go with fun, good company. Even for couples...it's hard to have a 3-hour dinner together...we saw many bored couples that didn't talk. - Dress nice. Real nice. 'nuff said. - Don't go cheap here. If you are already spending this much on dinner, might as well get the wine pairing (if you like to drink different kinds of wine). Or, if you're like us and don't drink that much, just get a bottle. Expect to spend about $800 - $1,000 for two people. - The food profiles are innovative and presentation was visually stunning. It takes a true genise to come up with each course. However, my wife and I were only "knock our socks off wowed" by just a few courses. We particularly liked the razor clams, crab, and mushrooms served on heated stones. - Service - it's nice, but less formal / attentive than what I would expect at a place like this. Not that we enjoy a place that is super formal and stuffy, but it felt a bit too casual for us. - We also would have appreciated a bit more explanation of what we are eating before each course. Our waiter just didn't know or wanted to spend the time to explain. In fact, it was a bit annoying that he wants us to guess what we were eating. Really annoying, now that I think about it again. We paid good money to eat there, show an effort to explain things. - Just to be clear, none of the courses tasted bad. We were just looking to be wowed by each course...and it didn't happen. - Dessert - while seeing them prepare it in front of us was cool, it really wasn't that complex and the taste was a bit disappointing. - Valet - it's only $11, do it. It's a nice touch that they already have the car pulled up front waiting for you by the time you walk out the door.
