If I could give a different rating for the food and the service, I would rate the food a 4 only taking one star off as it is really pricey but so delicious and the service a big fat 0 (which I wish was what we had left our waitress as a tip!) We went for a friends birthday which also happened to be Christmas Eve. There were 7 of us in the party and we were all looking forward to eating here. The waitress seemed indifferent at first and this theme seemed to continue through the night. Drinks and food were ordered and she went on her way. Plates started coming out however only a few at a time. The staff served some of our party and left the rest hopelessly salivating over the others food. It was a good 20 minutes before the whole table was finally served. During this time, we asked the waitress and other servers where the rest of our food was. The waitress said she had called down for it and it should be right up. This was prior to the 20 min wait and she never once apologized or offered to take anything off the bill for us. She walked past us 3 or 4 times without even a reassuring glance our way to let us know that we wouldnt have to wait much longer. By the time the whole table was served the people who had been served first were already finished with their food and they were clearing away their plates. Really? Isn't this supposed to be fine dining and on Christmas Eve/special birthday none the less! We grumbled a bit over this but were generally happy with the quality of the food until we received the bill. We all agreed the reason why the server did not seem to care to much about whether our food ever came out or not was because the restaurant had already slapped a 20% tip on to the total. We are all very generous tippers, however with her uncaring attitude we probably would have only left around 10% given the chance. We mentioned this to the hostess who claimed she was also the manager and she said next time we come in she will give us free appetizers. Not sure how she was going to identify us the next time we come in, but it wont be a problem as we wont be back. We can go down to Argyle street for a fraction of the price and get just as good of a meal.
