I went to Alinea to celebrate?? my 34th birthday with my mom in May 2008. Everything started out great and ended quite badly for me. So my birthday was kind of ruined. Want to know why? Please read on.... I am giving Alinea five stars because this was a dining experience like none other delivered by a staff that if they put their mind to it could save the world from every single challenge this globe is facing. The restaurant is impossible to find from the outside as its entrance is intentionally hidden at the end of a rabbit hole like cave in a typical building like every other on the street. Be on time, this is like showing up to a theater, you have to be at your table at the time of the reservation. Dress appropriately: Men should wear a shirt and a jacket, women should dress up like they're going out. Jeans are probably not a good idea. This is a formal affair, dress like a formal affair. On the other hand, as a proponent of casual clothes and being comfortable while you eat, I would like to recommend that you not overdo it with ties and uncomfortable getups. Be comfortable but sharp looking and you will do fine. Once inside, you're seated at your own table, briefed about the meal ahead, asked about your preferences in terms of refreshments, offered the wine matching option. The restaurant is softly lit, and relatively quiet. Watch out if you have a big voice like I do -- you will have to remind yourself to talk softly. Before making a reservation at this restaurant, please check their website first to see if the ingredients in the individual courses agree with your dietary restrictions. I have seafood allergies, specifically shellfish. If you inform Alinea ahead of time they will make accommodations for you in the course line up. There are two options 12 course meal and 24 course meal. We made the mistake of being over-enthusiastic and picking the 24 course meal with wine pairings. Every piece that was presented to us was unique, delicious, and a work of art in itself. I am sure every other reviewer has attempted to describe the line up and such. I won't go into all that detail here. I HIGHLY recommend first timers to get the 12 course meal. You think you can do the 24 but you're wrong and you have no idea what you're getting yourself into. It's not the quantity of the food that's the problem, it's the number of ingredients. By the time we hit #18, neither my mother nor I wanted to see food ever again for the rest of our lives because the number of ingredients in our tummies was probably about in the hundreds. Take that and mix it with the 12 wines we had tasted by that point and you have yourself one hell of an upset tummy. I literally turned green after #16 which I think was the lobster -- which I have not reacted to before although it is shellfish. So I had a small tiny piece of it. I got very ill in a very short period of time but I assumed it was a temporary thing and that it would pass. I was not about to lose my dinner or anything. But the feeling of something horrible is about to happen never passed. When we hit course #18, I called the wait staff and told them to stop bringing us more food and bring us the bill. They were super nice and courteous about our early departure by the way which made me feel even worse than I was feeling for leaving. We got the check; Alinea was super nice to us with the check, they discounted the courses we did not have, and the wine we did not drink. This was a class act. I was ready to pay the full amount and leave as soon as possible. Needless to say I barely made it to my room at our hotel to find my insides boiling up and refusing to stay in me. I hate to say it but I lost all 300 dollars worth of exotic spices, meats, foliage, vegetables, and beautiful design down the toilet in less than 15 minutes. I was sick for the rest of the night and it kind of ruined my birthday. After this incident things did not taste right for two weeks. Everything tasted salty to me. To this day the smell of peanut paste ( a flavoring that was omni present in almost every we ate at Alinea) makes me throw up a little in my mouth. Ok I kid about that part. :-) Am I complaining about Alinea? No, not one bit. These were a bunch of beautiful, talented, hard working individuals that put on a feast and show for all senses. I think this restaurant helped me realize my dislike for multi course meals and fusion cuisine. So the problem is with me, not with Alinea. Let me story be a cautionary tale. If you have not done this before, proceed with caution, get the tasting menu -- 12 courses and not the grand tour -- 24 courses. Do not get the wine pairings unless you're an experienced wine connoisseur -- as it adds up in terms of volume fast and you end up mixing champagne, white wine and several red wines -- a recipe for disaster for someone like me -- a light light drinker.
