In an unmarked building. Looks like a boarded-up construction site. There is a door panel that opens in a white plywood wall lining the streetfront. Once inside the door pass through a series of curtains to find the Violet Hour. They really don't want people to find the place easily, and don't want random people to wander inside by accident. The complete opposite of every trashy dive bar in the Wicker Park area. They have a dress code, the staff wear suits and are friendly and knowledgeable, the patrons are classy, the music is excellent. Mixed drinks are served in a chilled cocktail glass with a small accompanying glass flask containing the remaining portion. Bartenders are very skilled and meticulous about the preparation of the drinks. Considering the expertise and technique required to prepare them well, the price is reasonable. Better value than innumerable other places where drinks are watered-down and carelessly or incorrectly prepared. Also many tasty items on the food menu which are above-average fare. One of the bartenders went to culinary school and was apparently a chef before joining the staff. I misheard something that one of the servers said: "The house cocktails are listed on the thirty-fourth page of the menu" - actually what she said was: "on the 3rd and 4th page of the menu". There might as well be 34 pages, though. For example there is an entire page devoted to varieties of mezcal, which was impressive because not many people drink it at all.  There are three large seating areas in separate rooms. Most seats are free-standing arrangements of high-backed square chairs covered with pale violet cloth, there are also booths with a similar minimalistic motif. There are two sections of the bar in separate rooms which have a limited number of additional seats. There are fireplaces with mantlepieces built into the walls. Basically, come here with friends, or with someone whom you want to get to know better, because it's not a place to mingle with new people. It is not a see-and-be-seen place, either, no one will be looking at you. Perfect place for quiet intelligent conversation. Very subdued setting. Not pretentious, it is totally chill. Almost surreal place which would take a lot of writing to fully explain, read some of the numerous reviews below, put them together, and you will get the general picture. Unique, and one of the rare Chicago bars that deserves the 5 star rating.
