I'll start with the good: food was absolutely delicious. I had Aracherra and the mac & cheese. Drinks were tasty as well. I also enjoyed the high energy with all the vibrant colors...so ambiance and food get a 5/5.Now onto the bad...ABSOLUTE WORST SERVICE I have ever had at a restaurant. If you go for dinner at Carnivale, I do NOT recommend Andrea the waitress. Upon being seated, she took a very long time to order our drinks and serve them. Once served drinks, she took a while to come back and check on us, see if we'd like to order, etc. I ordered guac and chips for the table (it was a party of 8 for my birthday), and asked to order our meals with it (because we noticed service is very slow). She followed that by saying 'can you hold on one second?, turned around to a couple who arrived AFTER us and took their order. She then left and came to get our table. Never saw the guac and chips after waiting about half an hour, so I asked if the order was coming out soon. Her response was that she didn't receive an order for that. I told her it was ordered before the meals, and that was followed by not an apology, but backlash/attitude from her. She then brought the guac and chips and left. She left us with empty drinks, not checking here n there if we were doing okay, etc. A friend asked for his drink twice, and she still hadn't brought it. Once she finally came back, we asked for his drink, and that was followed by more attitude by her saying Did he REALLY ask for it twice? and walked away to get his drink. While waiting longer for our meals, we noticed the table next to us had a problem with her as well, and lo and behold a manager shows up to talk to them. Once our meals came out we asked for our bill right away because we had other reservations after and didn't think 2 hours would be too short a time for dinner at Carnivale- we were wrong. Andrea forgot my mac and cheese and the bill, so by that time I was beyond ready to speak to management. Multiple times my friends and I witnessed her (most likely) talking about us to another waitress, as she looked very annoyed. Eventually a manager came over, we explained everything. She adjusted our bill and we were able to remove the gratuity that was automatically included if we wanted to. You bet I took off her tip. Even AFTER talking to management, Andrea didn't even have the courtesy to apologize for anything. I also never received the complimentary trio cake being that it was my birthday. So although the venue is gorgeous and the food was good, I was thoroughly disappointed with Carnivale and the damper they briefly put on my birthday celebration!
