I have been to Bin 36 several times now including a few dinners, a brunch, to celebrate New Year's Eve, for Thanksgiving dinner, for their Movies in the Loft program, for a wine tasting and for a private event. My wife has also had a few business lunches here and after work events. So far we have not had a bad experience yet; if Bin 36 was a little closer by and easier for us to get to we'd be here all the time! For dinner Bin 36 is a great place to have a long, multi course meal as part of a celebration or romantic date night. My wife and I enjoy having a cheese course (they have a ton of great cheeses and you can order them as a cheese flight where you sample a few along with some tasty accompaniments (i.e. dried fruit, olives, wine jello etc.). We also do a raw oyster course (they have great oysters and my wife loves the sauce). Then regular appetizers and main course (we often gravitate towards the beef dishes here, but one time went with pasta which was quite good as well). The creme brulee and homemade sorberts/icre creams are outstanding, so we always manage to save a little room for dessert. In addition to the tasty cuisine, the wine flights at Bin 36 are a lot of fun. While the food is not cheap, IMHO it is a decent value for the price. While the food is not quite off the charts good at Bin 36, it is consistently well above average and definitely qualifies as an upscale dining experience. The service has always been great here as well. On one occasion our server had to leave part way through the meal and the new server accidentally brought us dessert menus when we had not yet received our main course; this led to a bit of a delay before our main course arrived. To us this was no big deal and understandable, but they wound up comping our entire meal for this little mistake! Service like that is always much appreciated by us. My wife and I also have had a lot of fun at various events at Bin 36 such as the movies in the loft and attending a New Years Eve party here. We always keep an eye open for what events are on the horizon. Bin 36 is a fun, affordable dining experience that I highly recommend.
