I have patiently waited for 3 years to review The Chicago Diner waiting for hype to simmer down or my own excitement for veganism to wear out. The only downside to the Diner or the few omnivores I take here who are a bit underwhelmed, BUT, for vegans this is a craving fixers like no other.  I remember the first few months of being vegan, I got the idea of a Reuben in my head and was on the verge of cheating and wondering if the Diner was powerful enough to stave off that craving. AND it was! AND I am thankful of the efforts the Chicago Diner to make this an easier than ever transition for people pondering or toying with the idea of veganism. Of course, it's not fool proof, it's hard to convince someone who loves meat that the Diner is worthy of a 5 star review and, yes, the "meat" doesn't always taste like meat, duh, cause it's not. For someone who's been off meat for months it will satisify and squash that yearning for a certain taste.  There are so many things that are good about this place, for the fact it's been meat free since 83' and wasn't a part of a fad, they are a true pioneer. When I was doing sales, I did get a chance to speak to Mickey and he was extremely polite and respectful and willing to give me a chance. Unlike some other snooty places that start with a "K". The staff is usually pretty friendly, although, sometimes it seems a little bit forced. There over alertness is cause for concern of a backlash for them somewhere. But in general, I think most of the staff is more likely to be a part of veganism than other restaurant who are just selling out. I'm glad they are expanding and I'm glad they are expanding to Logan Square, it's a sign of a true local instead of some big-shot realtor finding a "hot spot" with lots of "foot traffic". Anyone who knows anything around here, knows that a lot of hipster, hippie, yuppie mixster of vegan-want-a-be's live near Logan Sqaure.  The dessert is sold in Whole Foods and I think that's awesome and makes it convenient. I think the CHicago Diner is much more than desserts, though, and I definitely go there for the main dishes. They need to make the "fish tacos" a main stay instead of a special!
