I really can't find anything wrong with this establishment. Wasn't even supposed to go out last night, but a game-time decision led us to Gilt Bar, a favorite of my friend Anthony (who is in the industry and knows where those in the know go). Being behind Merchandise Mart, it isn't exactly easy for the tourists to find, which is also a plus. Dimly lit, wood tables, dark leather booths, exposed filament light bulbs, candles, and that awesome gold chandelier that reminded me of gold fireworks - it just screamed date night to me, but there were also communal seats perfect for a group. It was busy at 830pm but no wait. We receive the menus, and the first thing I notice is all the cocktails made with St Germain. I am sort of obsessed with St Germain. I got a Champagne Cokctail, with St Germain, Lemon, and Prosecco. It was good...but my buddy got the corpse reviver # 2 (St Germain, Lillet Blanc, Absinthe, aperol and deaths door gin) and it was freakin' incredible. Next time, I'm all over that. Nice craft beer list and wine list as well. Not the cheapest drink menu either, but they did have PBR and "table wine" for those on a budget. Then the food...wow. I feel like the prices were the same as Nightwood, so not cheap, but you get what you pay for. Meat from small producers, seasonal fruits/veggies. The trendy bone marrow was on the list of appetizers, salads, multiple sides, pastas, meats/seafoods. I ordered pork meatballs with white grits, brown butter, and thyme. Delish. Outside was charred and inside was pink. SO tender, so delicious. Grits were great too. However, I am still thinking about those potatoes. Smashed red potatoes with roasted garlic & chicken jus. Now I know what you're thinking. That doesn't sound all that exotic...big deal. Well, I am one of those people who gets her steak rare just so I can eat potatoes mixed with the juices and blood. I don't like dry food, and I love extra sauce on everything. So I get these potatoes, and there is the chicken jus floating on top. Oh my god I was in HEAVEN. SOOOOO good!!!!! My buddy got the duck confit pasta with english peas and mint. The peas looked really bright green, so I bet they were delish. However, I don't care for duck so I just had a bite of pasta and had enough. Sorry, I[m sure it was good for what it was but duck is gnarly, in my opinion. Same with teh escarole my buddy ordered. I don't like soggy lettuce and that is essentially what this was. They did pair it with toasted wheatberries though, so a wilted + crunchy contrast. Once again, good if you like that kind of thing. As you can see, this is foodie food. However, they do have a coal-fired ribeye with cracked black pepper that even the simplest of palates would enjoy. Then dessert. Oh boy. You know how at most upscale restaurants, when they list 3 ice creams, you assume you get a trio of small scoops on a plate? Well guess what? When you order all three here, you get three REAL scoops. I got a huge goblet full of three scoops of ice cream. mint chip, vanilla bean, and milk chocolate fudge swirl. With a side of hot caramel and a side of hot fudge. I am not sure how I didn't have an explosion in the bathroom after that. Well it is handmade, with the best ingredients. So I suppose that's why my bowels didn't hate me all night. The hot caramel was awesome, with tht burnt butter flavor. They have caramel corn too, and I bet they use that on top. Hot fudge was like a dark chocolate, also good. This isn't your baskin-robbins topping, that's for sure. All in all, a great experience. They are also open late, and the bathrooms are cool as hell. Just don't drink too much because they are downstairs.
