This hotel is a joke (and I don't mean a witty joke...I mean a terrible hotel). Despite the gracious management staff, the front of house staff ranges in age from what looks like 16- 24. Despite their best efforts, they are all inept at high end customer service. The door was NEVER opened for me, nor was the elevator ever called, despite FOUR staff standing around at all times to do these very things. They really just want to hail you a cab and get a tip.The rooms are very small, most the size of the king size bed and a desk. This is not a Doubletree Suites hotel!!! The bathroom is strangely enormous, but without any adequate shelf or counter space (I had to move things to the floor).BIG WARNING!!!! Most of the hotel is facing The Elevated Train and some idiot designed the hotel with NO SOUND PROOFING!!! Expect to be kept awake all night and awoken early in the morning. They don't even offer ear plugs.I saw one of the classic Suites (which one expects from the Doubletree) and its only unique feature are bathrobes...which were missing from my room, thus demonstrating they intend on treating people differently based on what you pay. The price of the suite does not justify what you get, especially considering there are many other hotels near by (where I have happily stayed) with comparable size rooms at lower prices.The strangest part of staying at the hotel was how eager the front desk staff was to tell me this was the most advanced Green hotel in Chicago. Yet every night of my stay, the maid left some kitschy little plastic toy on my bed with a business card with a clever saying. What a waste! After I got a yo-yo and a plastic light bulb I told her to stop! That's green?!I went up to the roof and was impressed with the view. But again, some idiot designed the bar without a service station for the staff. So it's unbearably crowded and hectic all the time. The tapas like menu served very boring, overpriced food. Avoid the gimmick.Oh, and I could really do without the recorded loop of seagulls and bells coming from the hallway.Avoid this hotel folks...it's a total rip off! Trying to be like a W...should tell you everything you need to know. Beware of Hilton staff coming online and writing rave reviews. As far as I could tell, the majority of the hotel guests were people who work for the hotel chain!
