I wanted to like Big Jones. When a friend suggested it for a birthday dinner, I looked over the menu and was instantly excited about the possibility of some decent macaroni and cheese. (I was spoiled by my sojourn in the South, and have found few places to enjoy "real" mac and cheese since moving to Chicago!) The restaurant itself was really lovely. The simple decor evoked a sort of mint-julep-on-the-veranda kind of atmosphere (minus the pop art on one wall that seemed completely incongruent with the peach/mint color scheme). The tables weren't packed in too tightly, and seating was friendly to people of all sizes. The service was uniformly friendly and attentive, too. I started it off with a house made ginger beer....which was really great. It walked the line between too spicy and just spicy enough, which I like in a ginger beer. I got the ham and cheese sandwich with some sort of shrimp spread, and paid an extra $2 for mac and cheese on the side. The good news? The sandwich was tasty, though I had to work for it. The bad news? The ham was *tough* (maybe a little overcooked?), and the bread could not handle its contents and immediately fell apart. Also, the mac and cheese was....I don't even know how to properly describe how unlike any gourmet mac and cheese this was. It wasn't even up to Kraft mac and cheese quality. It was like boiled macaroni under some sort of bread crumb cover...I did not taste a lick of cheese.  We also ordered dessert - the red velvet cake (my favorite). While it was not like the traditional red velvet cake that haunts my dreams...it was tasty. The cake itself was lighter than I expected, and had a very light, citrusy flavor; the frosting was some sort of citrus cream cheese, and was the perfect complement. Definitely thumbs up on dessert. Overall, I enjoyed the house-made soda, dessert, and the flavor of the sandwich (if they could just get the textures right, too!). The mac and cheese - which ought to be compulsory for a Southern joint! - was just...sad. That fact, the lack of vegetarian options (seriously, EVERYTHING was covered in ham or bacon), and the price tag, will probably keep me from going back to give Big Jones a second chance. I might consider stopping in for coffee and dessert, but probably not.
