Warning: If you are going to Glenn's Diner, you should make a reservation. It is a small miracle that I was able to dine here on a hopping Saturday night, but I was alone and the Gods were with me. I popped in here for dinner because I had twice seen it on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. Being from the West Coast, I enjoy fresh fish. The fresher the better. However, many Californians have become lax in their preparation of the ocean's bounty. A delicious fish deserves delicious accoutrements. And, Glenn's Diner certainly delivers. So, after having flown thousands of miles and trekking to the North Side via train, I walk in. The restaurant is PACKED! And it is tiny! Plus, it is 32 degrees outside, so there is no outdoor dining. "It will be an hour and a half," says the host. I stand there. He says, "oh, you're going to wait?" Yes, please, sir. I have come too far for this. Lucky for me, the diners at the counter moved MUCH faster than anticipated. My friendly host said "Stephanie, step right up." Really?!? It's only been 20 minutes or so - I was bewildered but grateful. Hooray! I had already read the chalkboard, and I knew what I wanted. The Pan Fried Catfish with Cornbread and Shrimp Stuffing and Spicy Hollandaise. I skipped the wine - the pairing would have been a white, and it was so cold. I ordered coffee and water. While waiting for my meal, I met one of Glenn's friends, who was also seated at the counter. What a sweetheart! He knew that he loved the Ciopinno, he just did not know what it is called. I was by myself, and I had a great time. Everyone was so friendly. Chatting about what this is their favorite neighborhood place. Even the staff was awesome! Then, it came. The spicy hollaindaise is a revelation. The catfish was perfectly cooked - crispy exterior and moist interior. I ordered an extra side of hollandaise (which does cost my friends, but pay $0.50). The asparagus was sweet and still slightly crisp - perfectly cooked. And, the entire combination - catfish, shrimp, cornbread and celery/onions with a bit of that sauce - was a REVELATION. I think that the hollandaise is standard issue with siracha. But, these people make amazing hollandaise. Literally the best that I have had in the restaurant world (I generally skip hollandaise when I am out because it is OVERCOOKED - it's the trouble with knowing how to make it). I wish I would have tried an app or a dessert, but I was solo. Maybe next time. This was an amazing meal. One that I will not forget!
