OMG! OMG! OMG! I can't believe I waited so long to eat at Big Jones. This little A-Ville Southern spot is a diamond in the rough. With so many mediocre eateries in the hood, it was a true delight to learn that this place is a cut above the rest. My Fiancee and I decided to finally eat here over the weekend and entered to a packed house and were cheerfully greeted by the hostess. Although we did not have a reservation, she managed to get us seated in about 5 minutes at the peak time. Our Server, Danny was amazing to say the least!! We informed him that we had not been there before and wanted some recommendations. His explanations, descriptions and suggestions on both the cocktail and dinner menu were extremely helpful, and we decided to go with his favorite choices. He first brought us over some complimentary house crackers with pepper jelly. The crackers had a lovely cheddar flavor w/ a tinge of heat, but the jelly was out of this world. For appetizers we had the Crawfish Fritters and the Andouille sausage with Grits. The fritters were nothing short of fabulous and the creamy cheese grits were simply heaven. For our mains we shared the Tallgrass Burger w/ mac n cheese and the Gumbo Ya Ya. Hands down the best burger we have EVER had. Cooked a perfect Med Rare w/ fontina cheese, slathered with sauteed portabello mushrooms and onions w/ garlic aioli. The mac n cheese was ridiculously delicious! The Gumbo had a nice and creamy texture with a perfectly executed rue. It had a great smoky flavor without being over powering and had a generous amount of chicken and andouille in it. We also had a delicious take on a cosmo w/ ginger vodka and a killer Manhattan with brandied cherries. For dessert we ordered the Mud Pie as Danny said "it's CRAZY good!" Once again, his guidance steered to yet another successful dish. An oreo cookie crust w/ bourbon chocolate and pecans, served hot with toasted marshmallows and a creamy rich caramel sauce. Yummers! With quick, attentive, professional and charming staff as well as FANTASTIC food...Big Jones is not to be missed. 5 stars across the board!
