I should have reviewed Bonsoiree a long time ago after my fiancee and I finally went. We had a groupon that was running out of time and I couldn't find a decent reservation on open table so I called and the staff was great making me a reso at a more convenient time. I really can't believe it took me over two years to come here seeing as I grew up with the owner and executive chef, Shin Thompson. But, you know, time passes and it's not easy to find the funds to spend on a quality place like this. I can't wait to come back just have to finish saving for our wedding and then paying it off. Anyway, sure it's pricey, but it's worth it for a great fine dining experience for top quality food and service and this place is BYOB, which is pretty dope. Honestly, since we went here several months ago I can't remember exactly what we had, which sucks since I can't comment on exactly everything we had. But, what I can say is every bit of food we consumed was fantastic. Everything was plated very well and while each serving was small in size, by the end of the meal you are rather full. The preparation, presentation and taste is very unique and creative it's hard to exactly find the perfect way to explain. We chose the five course meal as it was really all we could afford and as it turned out we each received seven courses! I'm not sure if it was for waiting a bit long for our first course and between the first and second. I told Shin we'd be coming in that night for dinner but he wasn't there so I don't think we go hooked up. I'll just chalk this up to good service and chefs that want to share their creations with you. Anyway, the one course that stood out was this bacon and eggs thing that came in a small box that when opened released this wonderfully smelling and addicting waft of smoke. We just at there for a few minutes and just smelled the box constantly. After that moment of serenity, we dove into the fantastic bacon and quail egg. It was quite divine. Other than that the desert of boston creme beignets was fantastic along with this ridiculous plum ice cream. Let's see....what else did we have, some very tasty bisque that I can't remember what was in it, oh wait, it was something with pumpkin. We had a course that had meat in it, lol...was it rabbit or lamb or chicken. maybe it was shortrib...damnit i don't know. Another course was in an oyster shell it was ridonkulous. that's all, I can't remember much else. Worthless review, I know. I love the underground dinners they do (I haven't been but can't wait to do one soon!) and the general incognito vibe of the spot. I also would like to try the "No Menu Sundays" where, guess what, there's no menu! Chefs prepare courses based on freshest items from local farmers markets. And, then, there's the 13 course menu I'd love to do as it includes the famed "Duck Duck Goose." Check out the website now as they have wine recommendations and their seasonal menu.
