An Ode to the Purple Pig: If you like to dine on swine with wine, then the Purple Pig will do you just fine. They only take reservations for parties over four, so if you're not that size, you have to put your name down at the door. But getting there on Saturday around 7 or 8, will probably result in an hour's wait. If you're like me, and you want to sit right away, there's one solution that might make you stay. If you're a party of two, you don't have to go really far, just grab your partner and sit at the bar! If the bar is full, eating there is still faster, though my own experience almost turned into a disaster. We had one seat and were waiting for the adjacent one to be free, when this old fart tried to cut in front of me! But I sat down first and all should have been good and well, but this guy made a scene and said, "Go to hell!" He said the person that left said he could have her chair, I told him we were waiting there first, so that wasn't fair. Lucky for him I was dining with a lady that night, so I ignored what he said and avoided a fight. I ordered prosecco and cava, and the lady had a cab, and we both agreed that the drinks were just fab! We started with bread balls that had prosciutto inside, which once again proved that everything's good fried. The chicken thigh kebabs were moist, flavorful, and great, and the accompanying fried smashed potatoes were definitely first rate. I had one minor critique, and maybe it's just me, but I thought it tasted better without the tzatziki. We had another good dish that some people might fear, but tasting it, you'd never guess it's fried pig's ear. It was mixed with an egg and cut into shoe-string size, and the crispy kale was almost as good as french fries! The bartender recommended we get the pork blade steak, but when she asked how it was, our enthusiasm was fake. You should get the tender milk braised pork shoulder instead; for this dish, I can live with a pig being dead. We ended with a donut stuffed with chocolate and ricotta cheese; if you have a sweet tooth, it will definitely please. Service was good, but dessert took a really long time; they made up for it, though, by giving us chocolate liquor shots on their dime. I will definitely be back to eat and drink some more, especially since it didn't leave me too poor. So if you're reading this review, take it from me, you'll leave the Purple Pig happy and yelling, "Suey!!!"
