My bf and I had our one year anniversary dinner here. It was a wonderful experience, very luxurious, and it definitely worked as VERY special occasion dining. We had the 9 course Chef's selection menu with one wine pairing to split. That being said, I really wished that it had felt worth the price tag. There are a few restaurants which can build up a price tag of $500+ for two, and it saddens me that I have to wonder whether one of those others would have been a better choice. It is very quiet in the dining room, we were the youngest diners there, and I felt a little as if I was not allowed to talk during my meal.  Shhhh... There were a couple of dishes that were overly salted, or not enough. With this kind of craft I think seasoning should not be an issue. Also our venison was a little over, but that might be a preference as the bf and I like our meat to be on the south side of mid rare. Also the foie gras presentation... a torchon? But it was a very long tube, kind of looked like toothpaste, quite salty, although creative, was it was a miss for me. There was a beautiful chawumushi (no idea how to spell that), and of course the caviar whitefish "pearls" or whatever you call them were great! So light and the flavor was brilliant. The wine pairing was so complimentary I almost couldn't taste each selection against the plate it was sipped alongside. Seriously, flavors so melding that I could not tell where the food ended and wine began. Kind of cool actually, but perhaps the wines selected were a little on the light side for the dishes...sometimes I like my wine to butt heads with my food just a little, so that the pairing will bring out hidden flavors in each...The dessert wine was the exception of course. There was a cool brown rice junmai sake that I liked a lot. But only 1 red wine in the whole 9 courses!  They were very sweet to us and sent out a complimentary little cupcake, with "Happy Anniversary" on the plate. Definitely not edible though, ha! I don't know if I will ever go back, being that it is sooo expensive and the next time I have a chance to have such an extravagent dinner I will probably want to try somewhere new...
