What's a girl to do when she's in a food coma after a delicious meal at a "mysterious" restaurant and her Tuesday night social life is as active as Stephen Hawking's legs? Run home and yelp about it of course! And that my 0-1.5 Yelp friends that will sympathetically read this review, is exactly what I am about to do. Bonsoire may have earned a Michelin star, but this Yelp review has a four-star Amanda rating. And personally, I think my reviews may be a bit more reliable than ratings by a wannabe Stay Puft Marshmallow Man. Okay let's begin: Let me just start by saying that my bf and my cousin took yours truly and my cuzzo's gf here without telling us where we were going. We simply walked into an unmarked shady looking "house" and were seated. I like the ambiguity and casualty of the restaurant. There's no sign to say what the building is. From the facade it looks like a little grey house along Armitage, and honestly if it were a real house, judging from the outside, I would not want to live there. Inside has a minimalist look (thankfully the interior was much nicer), and there is no menu with the restaurant's name on it. There were chopsticks on the table along with forks, a spoon, and a knife. So it was confusing (Are you and Asian restaurant or not? Make up your mind!!). It wasn't until we sat down that the boys revealed where we were. Then it all made sense. As for the food, it was great. We had the eight course meal, and I must say, it was pretty tasty. Portions were small but VERY filling. 1. We started with a quail lollipop type concoction with some orange-like curry and kumquat (kumquat is a hilarious word, btw. Or at least I think so). 2. The second course was the TASMANIAN (as emphasized by our waitress) trout. Being the second course, this was ironically my second most favorite dish of the night. 3. Next up was motoyaki (yes I had to look it up in the online menu to find out what it was called). It was a blend of crab and scallops (I think) combined in a crab cake-esque dish served on a shell surrounded by yummy butter errr something. This dish was amazing, and I was sad when it was gone. 4. Fully loaded potato with crispy sour cream and crystalized celery. This was a neat dish because it had some molecular gastronomy type fun going on. The green crystalized celery could've been green cocaine for all I know. It was nevertheless interesting. 5. Pork tenderloins-not too bad. 6. Prime ribs-also good. The best part was the fatty belly party. Yum! 7. This course was a palette-cleanser. It was pennecotta with some grapes and weird sausage-like things. I wasn't a fan of the sausage, but I liked the pennecotta. 8. Last was the dessert! We each got our own plate of eight different types of chocolate inspired sweets. It ranged from okayyy-zomggg let's be friends 4evaaa good. The service was nearly top-notch. Our waitress and waiter did a great job explaining everything about each dish. There was an incident however, when we were served a dish and then it was taken away as we were about to eat it because it was meant for another table. But then it turned out it really was our dish. Whatever. The time we waited in between courses dragged a bit, or maybe we just eat like maniacs and don't know how to savor our food. But all in all it was a lovely experience. The only thing that would've made this experience better (for me) would be if some random grimey looking guy walked into this "semi-rundown" looking place wearing Lee Dungarees jeans and a dirty Charlotte Hornets Starter jacket and asked if there was a public bathroom-yes I'm weird like that (I just realized I used a lot of unnecessary parenthesis in this review). And you just read this entire review-and that, mon frre, makes you a weirdo too.
