Not a terrible place but also not my favorite....We get there right around our reso time and were seated pretty promptly. Huge open dining space, dim "mood" lighting, lots of red. There is a glass wine room where the host take turns going in there and...twirl around and grab some wine if it's needed. pretty cool if you get someone that does more then somersaults for 20 min. When we got seated it took a bit for our server to come over and greet us and my friend and I were starving so we wanted to get our eating on.... he eventually came over and we ordered a bottle of wine...again took a bit to bring it to us but depending on where it was in the restaurant it's understandable. but we got nice a situated and was happily on our way to enjoying meat heaven. Their cold buffet selection had a wide variety or items and they are pretty fresh. I tend to stop- there once and go straight for the meat so if you're looking to see how the salad bar is...I'm not your girl and neither is the other girl I went with...sorry. The meat on the other hand I am a pro!! =) The cuts are about the same as everywhere else, they were cooked very well and the gauchos knew where to cut depending on your desired temperature, the best part they remember how my friend and I liked our steaks cooked which was pretty amazing considering it was quite busy. As soon as we flipped it to green we were swarming with gauchos offering lamb, chicken, steak...oh my!! we skipped the chicken because let's be honest... chicken is chicken and stayed mostly on the beef, lamb and snuck in some pork. yum yum and YUM!! Our server was attentive after the little hiccup in the beginning he was all over us replacing our plates and making sure we had clean ones, also he made sure we had every cut we wanted and he would ask them to bring our request over. The side dishes were delicious but the cheese bread was a bit denser then others I've had and a bit more saltier but you can't get bread like this anywhere but Brazilian steak houses so still awesome. ended our night...2 hours later with the papaya cream... it's supposed to help with digestion and honestly needed all the help i can get...I mean I was eating almost nonstop for 2 hours...but I was happy. By this time our server and became pretty good friends..we were joking around and he never once gave us the rushing feeling...he just let us enjoy ourselves and out-eat every table in that particular area.. yea us =) Texas was a great brazilian steak house and people would have a great time but dunno with so many other brazilian steakhouses....i dunno if i would go back.
