This review is for Sunday brunch only, but I will be coming back for dinner soon! Who doesn't love a good nasty brunching session on a Sunday morning/afternoon?? My husband and I couldn't decide on what to do, given that he likes a brunch buffet format and I just want something with options that incorporate more than eggs and bacon. After consulting yelp, ZED451 seemed to offer both of us what we wanted. At $29 a person, its not totally crazy, and with all the good reviews I wasn't too worried about getting our money's worth. I should also mention they have $3 mimosas and $5 bloody marys. We made reservations at the urging of other yelpers just to be sure we got a table. Wasn't too busy at 10:30, but it did start to get busy, so I'd say go ahead and hit Open Table before you plan on coming. The harvest table spread was pretty impressive, but as they tell you, don't go too crazy because the good stuff is only starting. The stuff they bring to the table was okay, cinnamon roll not as good as it looks, frittatta the same, but the hash was good. The bacon...oh, the bacon. Pigs dream of making this bacon one day. Other bacon wants to be this bacon. Thick, crispy outside, chewy inside, coated with a spicy sweet dusting of something angel's must make. Its that good. Then once you are done with the minor leagues, the big plates start circulating, mind you not in the aggressive way that you expect at a churrascaria where you have a heap on your plate before you have even taken a bite. They pace everything really well. The panetone french toast, the chicken and waffles, and the meats are what really stood out. Its worth saving room for this part of the brunch. Service was very friendly and efficient, and the decor was really zen as someone else mentioned. All in all, a great place. We will be back to check out the patio up top and also be taking advantage of the free shuttle when the weather gets bad and we don't want to walk here. Definitely will be back for brunch, dinner, and roof top drinks!
