Not as impressed as I wanted to be...... Came in for dinner last night with some friends....had heard great things about the food....but I just didn't think that it was all that and a bag of chips. We got Goat Cheese Empanada: this is like the south american crab rangoon....or at least that's what it tasted like....it was good but really needed something else in there besides all that cheese....I'm not saying I didn't eat mine....I just wish it had been better Chorizo Empanada: This on the other hand was fantastic.....I could have eaten a few of them as an entree.... Avocado Salad: This was on the specials list....and it was pretty darn tasty.....chunks of avocado on a bed of shredded lettuce with tomato slices (wish there were more of these....we were fighting over them) and some onions.....with lemon, salt and pepper.....nice, fresh and clean. Camerones al Ajillo: This was my dish....shrimp sauted in garlic....it was good but not amazing....it really needed something else to make it special like some flavor. Special Lechon dish: This was my bf's dish....it was some special pork marinated overnight and then made crispy on the outside....our server said this was his fave b/c the pork stayed tender and juicy.....I liked this dish better than mine.....but it was not as tender and juicy as advertised and it was still with all that marinating, lacking flavor.....I had to ask for some hot sauce to give it some zing. Friends were both veggies and got the veggie entree which looked pretty boring and unimaginative....grilled veggies with beans and rice.....boooooo :( Service was spotty.....our server was nice but seemed distracted and busy.....we had to wave him down initially to even come over to our table for waters and apps....we then had to wave him down again to take our order for entrees....and it's not like it's a big space. It just didn't seem like there was any rhyme or reason to which server got which table as we had 3 of the 4 bring us our food at various times. I actually really liked the patio...it was cute.....but not enough to make up for the lack of flavor in the food and the lame service. In the end....maybe my expectations were too high.....but our experience certainly left something to be desired and I doubt I'll be back anytime soon....
