This one was worth the wait - it's been on our list for the last 6 months and we are finally kid-free (while they are at camp). Yay camp! So no worries about not being able to make a reservation. Our experience here was superior on all fronts - the staff was awesome, the room energetic, the food delicious (and very interesting) - all things considered a Superior experience. The bar tender entertained our annoying wine questions (I'm not good with Italian wines) by serving us taste after taste until we found a bottle we could agree on. Our waiter made absolutely spot on suggestions and did a great job of pacing the meal and monitoring progress (all the while being entertaining). The food was really spectacular too. While the menu is grounded in familiar classic Italian technique, many of the specific dishes we quite unique and new. We stated with the Ricotta and honey jar - how good was this? It bordered on the sublime - delicious creamy savory ricotta with the sweetness of the honey on this amazing oiled and grilled bread. I know every review says to order this - do as you are told! Next up - Escarole salad with Hazelnuts - light, bitter, crunchy, delicious. no gloppy dressing here, this was classic Italy letting the ingredients speak for themselves. Pizza of sausage and broccoli rabe - this was the only good, not great dish. The broccoli and sausage worked well together but the sauce was a bit flat (especially since it was listed as having chili oil) and the crust too chewy. But still, a good dish. Risotto Carbonara - super yummy and soooo rich. Just enough Pancetta to balance the unctuous egg rich both. This is a subtle dish which is all about the sensuous experience. Finally we had (against my better judgment) the Seared Octopus. I am normally not an Octopus kind of guy, but our waiter assured us this was a great dish. Remember when I said he was good? This dish was tremendous - the most tender Octopus I've ever had with a mind-blowing horseradish sauce. Like I said - classic Italian style with many unique plates. Great service, exciting room. I'll be back - this is lovingly crafted, well conceived, well executed modern Italian food.
