Alright so I tried this spot for dinner back on a Friday for a girls night out. I was at this spot several weeks prior for drinks with former colleagues on a weekday--a big difference. Both experiences were great!The first time for drinks I went during an after work weekday. The drinks are prepared good, and not as costly as one would think. It was packed for Wednesday, but not as packed as the Friday I came back here for dinner. Anyway, after finally getting to the rooftop, although the view is obstructed by other buildings nearby, because of the weather and atmosphere, you really couldn't tell. I tried the flight of wines, and specialty sangria, which is delicious. Because we were only there for drinks, we left to a local place for bad food. Second experience was for dinner on a Friday. Total difference. The vibe was packed, weather was even better, but it was really packed. As we waited for our table, we had drinks at the bar .Mojitos are the BOMB-and I am so not a Mojito drinker. When we finally got a seat, we started to look at the menu. LMAO. LMAO because, we had no idea of the price. There is one general price of $50 and for the 'general meats +seafood meats it is $75 per person. There are no appetizers served, and that is about it. So heads up for those, because at the time I went none of the reviews talked about this. Since we were already seated, and i was with my girlfriends--we figure lets make the best of it which we did.Overall between the endless meats and side dishes, it was great. The food was not overly seasoned. When ordering the carif of sangria, it doesn't come full and it is more costly- so order the Sangria by the glass. Some words of advice, I would highly make reservations a week in advance. Which we did, so yayyy us! Also, hate to sound like this but keeping it real, the next time I go or if anyone is thinking about going I will recommend going here on a date so you are not coming out your pocket for this, so ladies this is a definitely a date place. If not a date, just go with your girlfriends for some appetizers and get upstairs, for people watching and catching the view of the Chi's skyline.
