Geja's Cafe is a pretty darn good fondue restaurant and don't let anybody tell you otherwise. What it lacks in space it more than makes up for in ambiance, food quality, and service. Upon entering you are greeted by the Maitre D' dressed in a sleek suit and are asked if you have a reservation. Our reservation was for 8:30 on a Sunday night. We arrived around 8:15 and were told they were running about 10 minutes behind. We were pointed to the lounge area (more like a small bar with a few seats and a table in the corner) and we waited there until the Maitre D' called our names around 8:45. We were seated at a small table towards the back of the restaurant and while we had enough room to be comfortable, we could tell that people in other sections of the restaurant were crammed for space. A quick look over the wine list (they had a pretty decent selection, though nothing to write home about) and we were ready to order our wine. My GF ordered a glass of the sweet Riesling and I ordered a glass of the pinot noir. The pinot was delicate though not terribly complex (to be expected from a $8.50 glass of wine) and my girlfriend's sweet Riesling was, well, sweet (I'm not a huge fan of sweet white wines). We ordered the Connoisseur for dinner which was a combination of the cheese and chocolate fondue, a side salad, and the beef tenderloin, shrimp, and lobster tail for the main. The cheese fondue came out at the same time as the salad which was a little upsetting because I wanted to enjoy the salad first but the cheese fondue was quickly heating up to the point of almost burning, so I wanted to get to that quickly. The salad was actually delicious for as simple as it was. Just mescalin greens with a mustard vinaigrette. The cheese fondue was a Gruyere cheese and was absolutely fabulous. The breads and fruits that came with it were very fresh. The main course was next and there was plenty to share for two people. Everything was very fresh which was much appreciated and, as instructed, everything on our plate (with the exception of the potatoes) was able to be cooked in 2 minutes. The cooking oil was the proper temperature and we were each given 4 skewers for multiple items. The plate came with a ton of veggies (all of which were also very fresh) and everything tasted delightful. I should also note that during the main course I ordered a glass of the red Zinfandel from California and I have to say that it was much better than the pinot noir. Great spice in this wine with dark fruit flavors and a deep ruby color. Very pleasant. Finally, on to dessert. The meal comes with a chocolate fondue which they flambee with orange liqueur for a minute or two and invite you to toast your marshmallows in the flames. You are given an assortment of fresh fruit, pound cake, and marshmallows, all of which taste amazing in the chocolate. The meal also includes their coffee which is very tasty and we ordered a glass of sparking dessert wine (don't remember exactly which one) which was great. All in all, a terrific meal. The only thing that was not to my liking was that we were not seated on time and that the restaurant on a whole was very cramped.
