Warning: This review is written by someone who's decided that Ethiopian food is just not for her. DESPITE that fact, I can give this place 4 unbiased stars. Having tried Ethiopian food once before and was not fully impressed, at the urging of my awesome coworkers, I decided to keep my little foodie tummy open and try it again! (also our groupons didn't hurt either!) The 6 of us girls split 2 bottles of delightful wine (didn't pick it, wasn't sure what varietal it was) but it was delicious! We also split 5 entrees. And..I'm going to try and describe them because I am too ignorant to remember the names. A chickpea dish (slightly fried cripsy balls of chickpea in a dark sauce). Collard greens. kitfo (raw beef, kind of like Ethiopian beef tartar but no raw egg on top). Gourd Gourd (rare beef dish in a slightly spicy sauce) and a lamb dish. For a girl that could live off just meats, this will probably be the one and ONLY time I will ever say this. I enjoyed the veggie dishes more than the meats, ESPECIALLY the lentils that came on the sides and the salad! I liked the kitfo (despite my uneasiness with eating raw beef). But the gourd gourd being super super rare was impossible to eat for me. I couldn't' chew through the meat so I ended up swallowing LARGE chunks of beef. I tried 2 pieces, because like Andrew Zimmern says "try it again just to make sure you hate it". And the lamb was pretty good but a little overcooked, which I found ironic since the other meat dishes were not cooked/barely cooked. I think the main reason why Ethiopian food is just not for me is because of the bread. I love the idea of eating with hands, I'm ALL for that to eat everything. but the bread is just too sour for me. Sour and yeasty and too squishy. Why am I giving it 4 stars? I guess because the staff was so hospitable. Our group of 6 girls were loud, rowdy and probably really annoying. But the staff was super friendly, they only came by if it looked like we needed more food or drinks and never gave us the stink eye like they should've. It's a fun environment and a good adventure for anyone who's never tried Ethiopian food or just want to eat something with their hands!
