Wow.. I cannot get over how great this meal was. First off, this place is a LOT smaller than I imagined it would be. Expect a wait. A long one. We stopped by around 630 on a Saturday night to check out what the wait situation was like. We were told 2 hours for the two of us, which was a bit much given that I was already hungry (and hungry Jen quickly leads to cranky Jen). We moved over to the side to check out open table but within a few minutes, a group left from the bar and we were able to snag those seats. I think that this was actually better than waiting for a table for the two of us, as the majority of the tables here are communal seating and I'm not the biggest fan of that concept. The bartender was very attentive even though he was serving a lot of people. He always made sure we had a fresh drink ready and was able to provide us with several suggestions on food. The food came out extremely quickly (I think the longest thing took maybe 10 minutes). Everything is small plates style so try several things. Here's a quick run down of what we had: *Pork Fried Almonds: I loved these! They were seasoned really well and provided us with something great to munch on throughout all of our other plates. I thought they gave us a surprisingly large portion as well *Braised Baby Artichokes: I'm not the biggest fan of artichokes but these were done really well. It was a chilled dish, which was a nice complement to everything else we had that night. The potatoes and salami that it was paired with did great things to break up what could have been a boring dish *Pigs Ear: Many yelpers had raved about this before and it was the first dish the bartender recommended so we went with it. Both of us were very "ehh" about it. The crispy kale, egg & peppers provided a great flavor explosion -- your taste buds will be all over the place -- but neither of us could actually taste the pigs ear. It was just like eating fried rectangles so I don't know if I'd get this again *Mussels: I do not usually like them, but I was trying to be agreeable that night tried a few. The broth they were served in is delicious! The boy said the mussels themselves were really good, although I have nothing to compare them too. I just wanted more bread to dip in the sauce *Pork Shoulder: GET THIS. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. I will go back for this alone. The pork was so tender.. it fell apart just touching it with a fork. The mashed potatoes must have been 1/2 butter, 1/2 potato and were heavenly. Everything about it was delicious. I think I may drool on the keyboard if I continue.. *Peanut Butter ice cream: I was more than full, but the boy wanted ice cream, and like I said, I was being agreeable. YUM. It had the creamy consistency good ice cream should have, the pb sauce was to die for and the crushed peanuts made for an excellent topping. I was a little upset I was so full by this point, but still managed to get a few bites down. All in all, I'll definitely be back, many times, but will probably go earlier than I'd normally prefer for a weekend night just to snag a table.
