I'm not going to belabor what others have said in terms of the positives of this place, but I'd like to address the negatives.1. Pretentious - I understand how some people would find this place to be pretentiousm, but grow up already. The rules in the bathroom include no bud light, ha! To be honest, I find it refreshing that a bar attempts to attract a different sort of clientele. The Violet Hour is all about finely crafted cocktails, so why would you order a beer here after waiting in line for an hour? I think its nice that they don't allow talking on cell phones, in this day in age, it is refreshing to be someplace quiet to catch up with friends without having to listen to some obnoxious jabberwok blabbing away on their cell phone. If pretentiosness means having manners, then call me pretentious. If you want to do tequilla shots and act like an obnoxious idiot, go to McGees or State or Durkin's or basically EVERY other bar in Chicago. Personally, I left those days back in college. Just because a place tries to be classy doesn't make it pretentious. Some people need to look up the definition of the word. The Violet Hour doesn't talk the talk, it walks the walk. It's not like they turn you away if you are not wearing a blazer. They basically want you to act like someone your friends would take home for Sunday dinner. If that is such a big deal, what does that say about you? 2. Expensiveness -- Good grief people, they use eye droppers in the drinks! You need to sit at the bar and watch them make the drinks before you complain. The bartenders take great pride and effort in making the drinks, they taste them after each ingredient is added to ensure the drink is up to par. Let's see, I can pay $8-$10 at most bars in Chicago for a drink I had to fight my way to the bar to get only to watch the bar tender slam some ice, well liquor, and soda into a lowball glass or I can pay $2-4 and be served something unique that was prepared with skill and effort. The Violet Hour offers a unique experience: the opportunity to hear yourself talk and to have good drinks in a nice environment. The haters seem to be people who didn't have fun because they felt out of place. I personally feel out of place in some packed out college bar with music blasting and people fighting to get to the bar.George, the door guy is the nicest door man I've ever met. He is courteous and polite, unlike 95% of the doormen in the city. Seriously, if you are not a hot girl or a guy who knows the door guy, are they ever nice to you? No. I cannot think of a better place to get drinks. The haters need to grow up, or stay in Wrigleyville. I would wait in line again for an hour over walking right into Moe's Cantina, Barleycorn, etc.
