Cheese, oil and chocolate? Ladies and gentlemen, we have a winner! I took my boyfriend here for our anniversary on Friday night and upon walking into the cavernous space that is Geja's Cafe, we were immediately immersed into a one of kind romantic dining experience. The dark red lighting only complimented our sensual surroundings as we made our way to the bar. I made reservations on http://opentable.com for 7:30 and called in advance to request a booth. Going on a date? I highly recommend calling in advance and requesting a booth -- they are first come, first serve, but once we walk ed in, the host confirmed our booth reservation. Waiting only about 15 to 20 minutes (enough time to enjoy a fantastic mojito at the bar) we were led to probably the best booth in the house - true story. The hostess who led us there asked us if we thought the booth was worth the (minimal) wait -- to which I emphatically replied, "Absolutely!" Sitting across from one another with wine racks as our backdrop in our private booth, the most romantic dinner of my life thus far was only just beginning. While waiting at the bar I ordered an original mojito and my boyfriend had a glass of the house cabernet (yes, they make wine too!). Deciding beforehand to "go big or go home," I knew I was going to order the Prince Geja's Premier Dinner: A wonderful sampling of aged beef tenderloin, sea scallops, lobster tail, jumbo shrimp, and chicken breast. My boyfriend ordered The Connoisseiur which is comprised of beef tenderloin, shrimp and lobster tail. Mmm, I'm getting hungry just writing this review....anyhow, the premier dinners are combinations and come with a cheese fondue appetizer, a main course and a chocolate fondue dessert. Up first was the cheese fondue that comes with a basket of apples, grapes and several varities of cut up bread. The gruyere cheese was salty and peppery and it perfectly complimented the cold, sweet fruit and piecesof bread. This course also came with lightly dressed and seasoned salads -- which we both finished. We couldn't eat all the cheese and the goodies that came with it before ordering a bottle of the house cabernet sauvignon. Fantastic, fantastic wine, it was bold yet smooth, ideally matched to the multi-faceted flavor of the cheese. The main course came out to us side by side on a silver platter comprised of various vegetables and 8 dipping sauces. I can't name the other 7 for you because I was enamored with the horseradish sauce. I mean, phenomenal -- with the steak, chicken and scallops! Our server was amazing and told us exactly how to cook each meat which of course, is really based on individual preference. We took our time cooking, talking and eating, really savoring both the food and one another's company. I couldn't believe it but a leisurely meal such as this made me fall even more in love with my boyfriend. After our main course aka a total wipeout of our food, they brought out the flaming chocolate. FLAMING. CHOCOLATE. With about every fruit known to man, slices of poundcake and such, we happily, though nearly comatose, dipped our new fondue forks with skewered fruits into the bubbling chocolate. Also, I should mention, that after we finished our bottle of vino, I then ordered a Mexican coffee (read: coffee with tequila). I can't remember much of anything else as at this point I'm a 5'0 Filipina with a good amount of rum, wine and tequila in her...I do know that my boyfriend lovingly and graciously escorted me through the cave that is Geja's once we finished our 3 hour dinner. I also do know that our server was highly knowledgable and very friendly. Actually the entire staff from the host and hostess to our server and the lady at the coatcheck was very kind. I love Geja's and I'll definitely be back -- no place like it exists, and don't give me that Melting Pot bullshit. Happy Anniversary to my love and thank you, thank you, thank you for one of the best meals of my life, Geja's.
