I think that this place is a perfect blend of high-class and family fun. Granted, there are no clowns or birthday singers hovering around the tables (thank god), but the acrobats and gymnasts were an entirely new experience that I imagine I have only seen elsewhere at Carnivale near the West Loop area. Food- The food was 100% impeccable. I do not think I have had a better meal in the last 2-3 years, and I am normally a fan of Grandma's home-cooking, but this will be my little secret. If you are not used to fine dining, the food makes you feel very comfortable, and it is an easy transition into the high-class, delicious meals. The salad bar should win awards. It was spectacular. I have never seen anything like it. For my meal , I had the salad bar (which CAN be an entire meal), and the papaya vanilla blended creme dessert. Ask for the spritz of lacquer if you can, it really made the dessert tasty. My fiancee had the salad bar, the duck (which we thought tasted a lot like lamb), only after sampling the beef as well. There were some fried options, but we decided to stay away simply for health's sake, and we wanted fine dining, since we don't often get to indulge in such things. Price - C'mon, We are mid-twenties, college students, working 2 jobs, with no help from mommy and daddy...so yea, this is special. Which I think it should be. There were too many children walking around. And the reason I am taking 3 quarters of a star away from this section is because they have NO menus. NO prices. Seriously. You have to ask how much everything is. The salad bar is 24$ per person. I am unsure if it is unlimited. The meat samplings are free, but a meat dinner is another 24$. The desserts are delicious and well worth the price. 8-10$. I think that is fair for Chicago, fine-dining dessert. Shoot, it is nearly the exact same in price as Cheesecake factory, and I honestly think these desserts were of way better quality. They had a creme brulee that I am disappointed to to say I did not try :*( All together, our bill was 84$ , and we tipped for a total of 95$. I believe this is more than fair because the only people/things that earned the tip were the meat servers (who I knew would not be receiving the tip, and the salad bar, which I did the work and served myself. Also, considering that I only had salad bar and dessert, and my finacee had the salad bar and some meat...I believe that is extremely expensive. I know he felt extremely uncomfortable. It must be our Southern Illinois, home comfort- Cardinal's fan attitude for simplicity. Oy . Huge selection of white and red wine. No blushes. Service- The guacho's (or meat servers) were fabulous. I hope they get paid as much as they really should. They are on there feet, ready to serve, and quick to the chase. Good for them. Also, the meat was delicately cut, and served respectably. The host and hostess were fine, but nothing fabulous. The only problem I had in this department was our server, though she (Jen) was well learned on the entrees, desserts, and sauces- she was very....placed? She was looming and hovering behind our table the ENTIRE meal. I mean, seriously; not even 7 feet away. It was very uncomfortable, and my fiancee and myself felt rushed through out the entire meal. They lost a quarter of a star for this. All in all, I would love to go back in the future for special occasions. It was definitely an impressive restaurant, that could definitely impress anybody, from anywhere. Good for business meetings (very distant seating arrangements), rehearsal dinners, and possibly birthdays. I wouldn't recommend this location for rowdy groups. I will most surely be (at least dreaming of) visiting this place in the future for a worthy celebration.
