Shaw's Crab House appears to be birthday and special occasion central and this weekend for us, was no exception. Heading to Chicago to celebrate my 37th birthday, I wanted to pick somewhere new to us and something good. I had a number of options in mind, thanks to Yelp and word of mouth but waiting until the last minute to make reservations, we found Shaw's was one of the last restaurants on our list with spots open only 2 days from our arrival. We were NOT disappointed! I adore seafood and living in the Midwest, especially northern Indiana, it is damn tough to find anything of quality. Reading about Shaw's on Yelp and on their website, I was attracted about the comments to freshness, sustainability and in season. Upon arrival, the restaurant itself is very inviting. Cozy, old school, whatever you want to call it - it very much reminded me of the feeling in St. Elmo's Steakhouse in Indianapolis. Plush red booths, dark wood, subtle lighting. I was impressed with the service - the hostess, the gentleman that showed us to our table, the waitress and the table clearers. Everyone hustled, everyone fussed over us, everyone wanted to make sure we had everything we needed at every moment. Now, the food. We are very light eaters and judging from the portion sizes on the plates at tables around us, we knew that despite the great descriptions from our waitess, we would never be able to finish a whole dinner each. So, we decided to go the tapas route and work our way around the appetizer menu. Here are our choices: The Pometini - my drink, very good ingrediants but surprising light on alcohol given the $11.99 price tag. Blue Crab Spring Rolls - bursting with crab and the perfect combo of tender inside and crispy outside. Maryland Style Crab Cake - as others have said, very little filling in this crab cake, it was a wonder it stay together. Nothing but giant pieces of tender, flavorful crab. A little lemon is all you need. Seafood Gumbo - huge pieces of seafood but the broth reminded us of a vegetable soup and not so much a gumbo. Very tasty though. Lobster Bisque - soup literally melted in your mouth and had very generous sized pieces of lobster. Nigiri-Sashimi Sushi - 2 pieces of Spicy Tuna and 2 of Red King Crab - this is where we could really tell the quality of the ingredients, when they were raw. The tuna was the best I had ever had in sushi which I suppose isn't saying much given my locale.  The Red King Crab had a HUGE piece of crab on top with rice on the bottom wrapped in a strip of seaweed. I could come to Shaw's, eat nothing but the sushi and be a very happy person. We ordered the Key Lime Pie to go and it made for a great late night snack. Very light, very tart and the almonds in the crust rather than sprinkled on top, as I have seen other restaurants do, gave it a great flavor and texture. With a drink, all of our apps and the dessert, our total bill with tip was around $100 and worth every penny. I know Shaw's may be pretty old school and I am probably the last person to have tried the place but I am glad I finally made it.
