I came here last night w a group of friends for a birthday dinner. It was my first time and I've heard such wonderful things so my expectations were set high. As soon as I walked in, everything was BEAUTIFUL. Im a huge fan of all of the framed photography on the walls. Basically the ambiance and decor was great. Next, we had 9pm reservations and didnt get seated until about 9:20, which wouldnt have been a problem on any other night except that we rented a limo and things were running on a schedule. Anyways, so we sit at the bar to have a drink while we waited. The bartender was an older latino man, who seemed frustrated by us from the moment we sat down. We were trying to figure out who wanted what, being as for most of us, it was our first time there... and he was just being rude. I think he overheard my girlfriend and I asking what his problem was cuz he was being mean, and after that he started being nice and going over the menu with me. Fine... I did like that they had a photobooth downstairs by the washroom and a little vending machine for ballet slippers for us women to change out of our crazy heels... even though we did neither, I thought it was a nice gesture. FOOD: We had the Guacamole & Ropa Vieja for appetizers... DEEELISH!!!!!!!!!! Cant really mess those up. Nothing else on the menu really seemed appealing to me. I always order Arrachera everywhere else so I tried something different and ordered the Pollo & I felt like they were trying too hard to fancy up basic latin dishes by americanizing them and idk... my Pollo was just alright. Nothing fantastic. Finally, we get the bill and our server was LITERALLY standing behind us for a good 15-20 min while we're gathering credit cards and money together. I dont know if he expected us to eat and run, but I found it very rude. I myself serve part time at another downtown restaurant, and I know it doesnt give the best impression when you linger around for the check. So overall, my visit was just so-so... the food was kinda bland, the service could've been better from every worker I encountered. But the place was amazing. Dont think I'll be returning here, if I do, it would literally be to look at the photography on the walls, as that was the best thing about the place
