Yum beer, yum apps, yum pizza!! This place is fantastic! Living in Bucktown gives me easy access to some of the best neighborhood joints in the city and Piece is right up there with the best. The hubs and I enjoy coming here for a weeknight or weekday date night to grab a casual bite to eat. The beer list is amazing with all of the in-house brews ranging from wheats to pale ales to any and all darker brews. I can't say I have a favorite because it depends on the style of beer I have a taste for. Needless to say, no selection has ever disappointed. When we're feeling especially hungry we usually start with the goat cheese appetizer. It's warm, gooey cheese in a spicy marinara served with garlic bread. Mmmm, yum and that's just the warm-up to the pizza. In Chicago we are spoiled by the variety and styles of pizza and you can't really compare a deep-dish to a thin crust. They're totally different tastes in my opinion. However, Piece would be a front-runner of the thin crust variety. Extremely generous portion sizes, 3 different base styles (red, plain & white. We usually go traditional with red) and a slew of toppings ranging from classic pepperoni to the more obscure clams, artichokes and meatballs. If you come with a group, it's fun to have everyone choose a topping for a truly custom pie. Not only is Piece a great place to come for a sit-down meal but they're delicious fare is available for carry-out or delivery. This past weekend we stopped in on Sunday night to pick up a large pie and a growler to the fantastic tune of only $25!! Toppings are not included so that did add a few bucks to our cost but nonetheless it's a steal. We had more than enough food for dinner Sunday, Monday's lunch and a snack. Of course we didn't leave the beer around too long, it's just too good, so now we have an empty growler that we can fill to the tune of $12 the next time we stop by Piece. The only downer to Piece is that it's so good that everyone likes to come and the place can get super packed. It's not uncommon to wait an hour on the weekends. I can't fault a place for being so delicious, I'm just suggesting a weeknight meal over a weekend one. Other notes include a dessert menu I've yet to try, I like to drink my dessert personally, and bloody mary specials on Sundays. You can also catch most sporting events here and karaoke for those who like a little music with their meal.
