5 stars really? I thought about 4 stars but then decided my reasons for giving it 4 stars were just not solid reasons so I now give it an unyielding unequivocal indelible 5 star 5 diamond 2 thumbs up review! And so help me Fogo 2 Go you better keep up this quality and service or I will be right back here to knock all this flattery back down! I walk into Fogo 2 Go with a couple friends with the plan to just grab a slice and go... Lucky for us there were no slices readily available... We though lets order a pizza... Ok here is where the potential 4 star rating comes into play... I felt like I was looking at the encyclopedia Britannica or the dead sea scrolls... There are all these chalk boards with barely legible writing all over the place... Was I decoding pyramids or what... In defense of Fogo 2 Go I do not have the best eyesight especially after "420pm"... Thank god they have a to go menu which my friends and I immediately pounce on... OMG you would think we were going to take our LSATS or something I mean talk about thick! You almost need a magnifying glass to read this densely packed menu which I sit with right now for this review! I digress back to the food! We are starving so right off the bat I make and executive decision to order these pare shaped brown objects which I believe are Coxinha; a lightly fried teardrop of the most delicate mashed potato centered with a flavorful meaty goodness that just hits the spot right on! No questions asked! These are worth many more then 5 stars and only $1.50 each are you kidding me! Of-course you cant have just one and they are mainly potatoes so don't go raising the price! As my friends and I delve into the abyss that is the menu, we start to see past the overwhelm of words, realizing these pizzas sound amazing... We order two pizzas each one was half and half two different types for a total of 4 different specialty pizzas in one order...  When I asked if they would do that we all expected no way, in fact we were not even going to ask, but if you know me I will ask anything even if the big NO seems inevitable! Low and behold it was a big YES another more then 5 star rating right thuuuurrr! Here is what we had - all of these were 5 star pizzas at a minimum! We dined in which Im guessing most people do not, so I can not be 100% on the delivered quality but I am told by my friends who have since taken delivery just as good! Siciliana - Tomatoes, Mozzarella, Bacon, Mushrooms UMMMM YEAH -wow- can you say wow - cuz I just did! Castel D'Azzano - A melange of mushrooms 3 different types plus your mozzarella, I love fungi and I loved this pizza also took some of this one home and it reheated well (in your oven dippo not the microwave!) Stellar! Turim - Holy meatballs batman on a pizza fo shizzle! not to mention mushrooms black olives and cheese - yeah we ate this quick! indescribable you will not be disappointed! Alexia - My personal favorite! Another yelp elite buddy of mine, who happened to be at this outing, actually said this pizza had to much meat... He is still my friend but maybe I am rethinking on what level... I believe no such statement can be made! It is without a doubt an obscene meat ORGY! The multi meat presentation was actually stacked like lincoln logs or legos it was unbelievable and it delivered the most amazing salted meat explosion that a pizza anywhere ever has for me! A must try for the meat lovers in Chicago! To top it all off the Pizza is buy one get the second pizza half off! Thanks Ill take two! Ok so my only question is when do you open a second one on the North side so I can Have Fogo 2 Go delivered when ever I want? GO GO GO Fogo 2 Go!
