(see pic of Mastro at http://www.mastrosrestau) Conscience: Mastro. You ole sly devil...you. I cannot think of a more fitting name of a steakhouse that brings a certain old world Sinatra-esque charm to the modern day steakhouse. I came here last night to sample the goods myself with the gf. The evening started off rocky, but that old Black Magic worked its charm and seemed to reverse unfavorable sentiments into favorable ones. Conscience: Mastro. You ole devil...you. Hostess: Mr. Max M. Your table should be ready shortly. Me: Can you define "shortly" 5 min shortly? 15 min shortly? 30 min shortly? Hostess: I cannot give you a definitive answer. I don't want to set false expectations. Me: I can't get a straight answer or estimate? I thought this was supposed to be an upscale establishment? Hostess: 30 minutes? Me: Okay. That's fine. We'll grab a drink at the bar. Wait, how will you find me? Hostess: We will. Conscience: No red beepy thingy? No cell phone request? If you say so...I'm sitting at the absolute furthest spot in the bar/lounge. (15 minutes later at the bar) Manager: Mr. Max M. Your table is ready. Would you like us to seat you? Conscience: How did you find m....Mastro. You ole devil...you. (Seated at the table) We share a Wedge Salad (Yummy). Gf orders petit filet. I order a Porterhouse (medium rare). We share sides of Brussels Sprouts and Au Gratin Potatoes. (Food arrives) Wedge Salad: Yummy! Belly is happy. Porterhouse: Filet side is to die for. NY Strip side is cooked medium. Bummer! Sides: Yummy! Belly is super happy. Server: Is everything to your liking? Me: Everything is great except I have to mention that my NY Strip side is a overcooked for my liking. Server: I am so sorry sir. Let me speak with the manager. (5 min later) Server: The manager would like to offer a complimentary dessert as a token of our apologies. Me: Wow. That is very generous of you. We'll order the key lime pie to go. Conscience: Mastro. You ole devil...you. (Next Afternoon) Me: Is Mastro's worth going back to? I did have some...(cell phone rings) Manager: Hi Mr. Max M. This is the Manager at Mastro's. I just wanted to thank you for dining with us last evening. Please let us know if there is anything we can do for you. We hope you will join us again soon. Conscience: (Giggle) Mastro! You ole devil...you! I'll be back. Service is outstanding. Steaks were excellent (temp. issue aside). Wine list is reasonably priced for steakhouse. Request table in either main dining room or upstairs dining rooms which are quieter. Bring cash for coat check and washroom attendants.
