Tru was one of my favorite tasting menus of the year. I was sad to hear Rick Tramonto has left the restaurant and I can only hope his successor can live up to his reputation. However, with today's celebrity chef B.S., who knows how involved he was in the kitchen by the time I ate there anyway. Chef Tramonto may have already been too wrapped up with his other restaurants in the northwest suburbs and I'm giving him more credit than I should. I went to Tru with a large group and was pleasantly surprised that they let 1/2 the table order the Chef's tasting menu and the other 1/2 order the 3 course "regular" menu. This is a pretty uncommon practice in fine dining because it disrupts the timing of the meal, but Tru gets points for allowing it to happen since not everyone at a table wants to drop $300+ on a tasting menu. What surprised me even further was that those members at the table that did not get the chef's tasting menu received a couple of "freebie" courses with those of us that did do the tasting just to keep things flowing smoothly. Completely unheard of in any fine dining establishment I've ever been in. Kudos to our server for putting that together! The dining room was great at Tru, from the large open space, to the artwork on the walls (sure it's a little dated, but Tru has been around for quite a long time and it still looks great). Lighting is a LITTLE too bright for my tastes, but that's because of all the white in the room. Service is where Tru excels. As a table of 10 with 5 people doing the chef's tasting and 5 people doing the 3 course meal, each course came out exactly on time and plates were presented all at once in the perfectly timed manner that could only be described as "a well oiled machine". The servers are like a little military operation trained to be perfectly synchronized together. It's quite fun to watch. Each course was presented impeccably and explained from ingredients to preparation in detail. At the end of the meal after two pastry courses, the server brings a small cart to the table with mignardises for you to pick a few from and he didn't even bat an eye when my dessert whore ass asked for one of each of the 12 plus varieties! I'm sure I'm only 1 of 4 patrons that asks for each kind every month and there was no judgment that came with the request. Now for the food. I have no idea where the people on yelp who rate this restaurant as a 1 have been eating, but I'd like to know where your 5's are because I personally have only had a handful of tasting menus better than the one I had at Tru. The tasting was perfectly balanced in a well orchestrated progression that ended with some of the best pastries I've ever had. I wish I were independantly wealthy so that I could have added the cavier staircase, the foie gras, the wagyu beef, and/or the white truffle shavings to my tasting, but alas, I am but a simple man without a trust fund. Each course was plated perfectly on dinner ware that was a little outdated, but I didn't mind that at all. There's nothing here that compares to Alinea or Moto as far as mind blowing molecular gastronomy type courses, but the food is very modern french preparation and it's all perfectly seasoned and tastes great. One of the stand out things for me was the cheese course. The server brings a cart to the table and you can choose as many or as few cheeses as you would like to sample before pastry is served. It's a wonderful treat for anyone who appreciates good cheese in the place of pastry without having to forgo the pastry. I've been in my fair share of restaurants that force you to choose between cheese and pastry or cheese is a supplemental charge. After the cheese, there is a palette cleanser and then some of the best pastries I've ever been served. Gale Gand is a master among her peers. Only pastries at Le Bernardine, WD-50, Graham Elliott and Alinea rank better than hers that I've ever had. I LOVE dessert and to be ranked in my top 5 is a big deal to me. Tru has a dessert only tasting that you can call and ask for and I couldn't recommend it more. It's very affordable and the perfect treat after a meal in the downtown Chicago area if you don't want to spend $300+ for the entire Tru experience. As I mentioned before, the meal ends perfectly with the mignardises service. Tiny bite sized treats that are perfectly decadent and flavorful to end a perfect meal, a sure 5 out of 5 rating. Are there cheaper tasting menus to be had n the city of Chicago? Sure, but there's also some that are much more expensive as well. For all the people that have rated Tru poorly for value, you probably didn't have the money to spend on the meal in the first place. I've eaten over 100 tasting menus at restaurants all over the world, Tru isn't over priced for what you receive. You aren't supposed to walk out of the restaurant feeling as though you just finished Thanksgiving dinner. I feel as though there is a pretty good value for what you pay and what you eat at Tru.
