I've passed by Lockdown a few times since my friend lives about 5 minutes south but haven't made my way in until this past Saturday with him. ( I used to live in chicago until moving to KS) Western avenue around this area definitely needs some new blood and we figured we'd give it a try. As far as first impressions go, ours consisted of walking in and seeing a full bar watching the last period of the Hawks game on a few select screens (of the 15 or so throughout the restaurant/bar). The bartender was friendly and on her game in keeping an eye on everyone's drinks while getting food out. My friend had a Bell's Oberron draft (they apparently just got it in) and I had a vodka cranberry and found seats at the end of the bar. Good Hard Rock/Metal tunes continued playing and after going into overtime the hawks won on a shot by Hossa...and the manager/owner (?) bought shots for the whole bar which was pretty cool of him to say the least and much appreciated by everyone. When the game was over they didn't leave the tv on for the random postgame show or random NBA game, which we actually liked. They switched over to a cool montage of random Concert/art pictures/vintage posters (good conversation piece actually). One of the pics was of Hendrix and then another of The Doors' Strange Days cover...which lead to a few people at the bar having a serious debate about whether they would rather have a scotch with Hendrix, Morrison or Lemmy (if you don't know, google him) which was pretty funny. After a little while they put on Ministry live in concert which is one show I haven't seen and we both ended up having a few more drinks than originally planned...yep, not the first time and, not the last time! Overall this place has a lot of potential and it seems like they have a genuinely cool staff with an easygoing and friendly vibe which was easily noticeable in their interactions with their tables. I definitely plan on coming back when in town and trying the food as the burgers looked pretty serious and the couple to my right went to town on their burgers lol... Does this place fit the mold of the surrounding area? Not necessarily. Is that a good thing? Yes. I love watering holes and Irish bars as much as the next person, but after spending much time in chicago it has 500 too many and there aren't nearly enough rock dedicated spots in the city. Lockdown might very well be a breath of fresh air that the neighborhood/Western needs. I'll be holding my breath that Lockdown doesn't disappoint in the future...Otherwise, in the words of Mustaine, "So Far, So Good, So What"...Keep it up Lockdown.
