A month or so back, I went to the Purple Pig with a group of six of my closest friends from high school to have our yearly reunion. After 8 years of having these reunion dinners, we have finally found a home. Instantly, the atmosphere, ambiance, music, and full house (on a MONDAY!) struck a chord with us that we had chosen the perfect restaurant. Instantly, we could feel that we were going to have a great time. Not being big wine connoisseurs, the extensive wine list could have been a little intimidating; however, it was quite easy to follow. I was personally happy to find a wine from my grandparents' small hometown in Italy, for a very reasonable price. Even better, the bottle was great and we all ended up sharing many bottles over the course of the night. As for the food, all I can say is that it was unreal. Being in a decent sized group, we all chose something that we wanted to try and passed the plates around to share. We were able to enjoy a large chunk of the menu from the Salt-Roasted Beets, Corn and Tomato in an Arugula Pesto for starters; to the in house cured meats; followed by a lengthy stop in the Smears section which included the Mortadella, Balsamico & Pistachio, Eggplant Caponata with Goat Cheese (table favorite), Whipped Feta with Cucumbers, and Roasted Bone Marrow with Herbs; over to the Fried Items where we had the Pig's Ear with Crispy Kale, Pickled Cherry Peppers & Fried Egg and Prosciutto Balls; and ending with Milk Braised Pork Shoulder with Mashed Potatoes (table favorite) and Chicken Thigh Kebabs with Fried Smashed Potatoes & Tzatziki for our entrees. As you can see, we thoroughly enjoyed the food and just kept eating and eating. We ended the night with some grappa. Once more, this was personally appeasing to me since I have not had the chance to enjoy some since my grandfather passed, along with his homemade wines and grappa. The night was perfect; we had the perfect setting in that the place was lively, and us being single guys, was filled with attractive women that the communal seating allowed us to mingle and interact with. I've already been back to the Pig and so have many of my friends. On top of the exceptional food and wine that is readily available, it also provides a multiple array of social settings, be it a place to have a nice romantic date or family dinner, go out with a group of friends and enjoy new foods, or have a small bite to eat and a glass of wine while meeting new people. One last thing is that the service was exceptional. Our waitress was very helpful with any questions we had regarding the wine list and menu. We had to wait a little which was expected with how busy the place was, but we were able to get some wine while we waited for a table. The chef, who is around our age, came over and talked with us for a bite. He was very modest and a nice guy. He went over to other tables as well and I found that to be a nice touch. Having been back there, he and some of the staff have remembered who I am and always find time to say hello.
