OK, so the first thing you'll notice when you walk in is the smell of oil. Very, very strongly. It was almost too much, but you get used to it. They only seat complete parties, so be sure to plan for that. We had a reservation and I am glad we did. The place was packed on a random Wednesday night. OK, first the bad. The place is super teeny and very cramped. Our table could barely fit our food and the fondue pot. Waiters were constantly having to backpedal and wait to scoot by one another. And the ambiance wasn't the best, in my opinion. Just too many people in the space. Oh, and the guitarist didn't really help much. With so many people, it was kinda loud in there, and the music made it even harder to hear. Finally, I had the white wine sangria and it was super watered down. I didn't think there was much wine in there at all. The food made up for all of the above though. We started off with the cheese fondue and a (very small) salad. The cheese was very tasty and it was served with grapes, apple, and 2 kinds of bread. For our main meal, we had 4 different meats/seafood: beef tenderloin, chicken, jumbo shrimp, and scallops and all of that comes with veggies (onion, pepper, broccoli) and potatoes. They give you 8 kinds of dipping sauces which were all really good. For dessert, we had the chocolate fondue served with rice krispie treats, pound cake, apple, banana, strawberries, pineapple, marshmallows, and graham cracker crumbs. Delicious. The one food con I can think of was that I was surprised they only offered one kind of each fondue. Maybe I'm just used to Melting Pot, where you can choose your different kinds, but here, it was just one of each. They do each fondue well, no complaints there, but I thought there would be more of a variety. Our server was very friendly, attentive, and helpful. She was very familiar with the menu and wine list and made some excellent recommendations. The rest of the waitstaff was very kind too, always asking if we needed anything, always filling up our waters, taking our plates away quickly, but I never felt as though they were hovering. Out whole meal ended up taking about 2 hours. It was a great date night, and would be perfect for a special occasion. I would recommend reservations, and I would think twice before having a group of larger than 4 eat here together. Some final stray observations: It's a fancy place. I felt a bit underdressed in jeans and a nice top. It's definitely on the expensive side. Some of the premium meals (including cheese fondue, meats, and chocolate fondue) run around $50/person. Overall, I had a good experience there and I would go back.
