I must say that Gilt Bar wasn't what I expected it to be. I walked by it many times and with it's tinted windows, I really thought that it was a literally bar and not a restaurant bar. So don't take it's name too literally like I did. This place is a sit down gastropub kind of place. We made reservations on Open Table and could only find limited availabilities and when we were arrived 50 mins prior to our reservation, we were prepared to get drinks at the bar area while a table opened up. But the hostess said we could be seated right away. Strange especially when there was limited availabilities on OpenTable. Maybe the restaurant blocks off some tables for walk-ins? Definitely make reservations though as the place gets filled up later in the night. The concept here is that the menu is designed for shared plates. But if you're not into sharing, you'll be fine too. The peach salad was a refreshing way to start dinner. The peach were in huge chunks and the cheese shavings were moist and not dry like the typical aged cheese. The bone marrow is definitely good and the portion is way bigger than the one we had at The Gage. I won't go too much into the food details since Tim P. has already given the low down on what we ordered. The service was pretty good. Our server came back several times to check on us. Between a party of 2, we ordered 5 different items to share (omg, my stomach is bursting) and a bottle of wine. We took our time, enjoyed the food, sipped on the wine, and got deep into conversation. We were seated at 6:45pm and by the time we finished our food, we realized that it was 2 hours past. The food definitely didn't take long to arrive. But I guess we must have been slowly enjoying our food and wine. After we got done, we told our server that we would like to take another 10-15 mins to finish our wine before we ordered dessert. She was really nice about it and not being pushy at all that we needed to give up our table to another party or something. The dessert menu is worth looking at. Many other restaurants try to focus on what kind of specialty baked desserts they can come up with, but with Gilt Bar's assorted candies in the dessert menu, there are choices for people who just want to pop something into their palates as an after-dinner touch. Their "whiskey and dulce de leche truffles" are pretty awesome. They do have old fashioned ice-cream flavors (cookie dough, mint choc chip) and nowadays it's hard to get these in restaurants/bars unless if maybe you went to Baskin Robbins or an ice-cream stand! I'm in love with their cookie dough ice-cream. And yes, they do have baked desserts too so no worries. If you go to their restrooms downstairs, don't get fooled by the doors. I did. And apparently so did another dude who told me he got fooled when he saw me getting fooled. You walk down a flight stairs and you will pass a door that says "Not in here" and apparently that is sufficient to make people somehow think that the restroom is in there by trying to enter the door. Nope. Walk past a second door and again don't get fooled by the "Not in here" words. Just keep walking a little bit more and you will get to the restrooms.
