My friends and I were in the mood for some new and yummy Vietnamese cuisine, so I consulted the help of YELP! Simply It sounded very promising!  Upon arrival, we actually took a while find the restaurant because we couldn't find parking! We ended up walking a few blocks to get there, but that was all right because exercise = great! Anyway, we were greeted by an older Asian man with salt and pepper hair who was cutting and sorting herbs (owner?). My friends and I sat in the table in the middle of the room, as many tables were already occupied. The waitress was kind and quiet, bringing us water and giving us the perfect amount of time to decide what we wanted to order. The lunch deals were very reasonably priced (for a meal in Lincoln Park), so I opted for the Beef Short Ribs while my friends ordered the Lemongrass Chicken and Pork Spare Ribs. I must say, the lunch special was super impressive. First, we were served a colorful salad with fried chow-mein on top (added some good flavor and crunch), followed by a light bok choy soup. Before my friends and I were able to finish either, the waiter brought us the drinks we ordered (three lemonades!) and our main dishes, with a free small eggroll! The eggroll was really fresh and crispy. At this point, my friend realized that she her main dish was accompanied with fried rice when she had asked for plain steamed rice. She told the waitress and the fried rice was quickly replaced with white rice (great service!). We started eating and I'm still not sure how I should have reacted to my beef short ribs. They gave me like two slabs of it that were really delicious, but they were 60% bone and 20% fat, which left me 30% of hardcore edible meat (a little less than what I have preferred because I'm quite the T-Rex), and it was difficult to separate from the bones and chew. I also tried some of my friend's Pork Spare Ribs, which was HUGE (the size of her head), which was very delicious as well. However, like the beef short ribs, it was difficult to get off the bone and chew. Despite this, all three of us enjoyed our dishes. To top it off, we were given fresh watermelon and pineapple for dessert! They were very sweet!  From Yelp reviews, I actually was hoping the waiters would be friendlier (they didn't smile at all to my friends and I, and seemed either annoyed or uptight even though they were not serving many tables).  Finally, our bill came. $29. The food was worth it. I'll definitely come back in the future and try some of their other dishes! Whoo!
