Next week is going to suck! See, this week I really spoiled myself with two excellent prix fixe dinners. A few days after popping my Restaurant Week cherry, I ventured to Kinzie Chophouse to dine with some Yelp girlfriends. Kinzie is featuring their Winter Delights prix fixe special, which runs until March 19th. $20 gets you a choice of 2 salads, a choice of 4 entrees and a choice of 3 desserts. For my meal I went with the Chophouse salad, herb-crusted salmon, and chocolate cake. The salad was fine, a simple mixed green salad with a balsamic dressing. My entree was a generous serving of salmon over mustard sauce with a side of broccoli. The salmon was well prepared; it was both flavorful and moist. My only complaint about my entree is that I wish the mustard sauce had more kick, I found it to err on the bland side. To cap off my meal I went with the chocolate cake, it was so good! The cake was warm, with a soft, gooey center and chocolate sauce drizzled over the top. My plate was garnished with some whipped cream and strawberries too. I'd seriously consider paying $20 for this alone; if I could get a larger portion of course. Service was attentive and friendly. Our waiter was always there when we needed him, but not in a hovering sort of way. Refills on waters and beverages were also taken care of promptly. I loved that our server subtotaled our meals on the check so we had to do minimal math to figure out what each of us owed, it was a nice touch. At the end of our meal a member of the staff (possibly a manager) checked in to see how our meal was. My only complaint was with regard to layout. We were seated in the south room (the first one you see when walking in) and the tables are very close together and very small. Our 4-person table really would have been optimal for 2. I was afraid if I scooted my chair in further I'd knock knees with the person across from me, and I'm not exceptionally tall. Winter Delights is a fantastic deal, you definitely get a lot of bang for your buck. I would definitely plan a return trip here!
