Where is the ability to post a photo for a review on here? I can't find it, because I took a shot of the cheese platter that my partner and I shared at the Palm Court during our stay there this weekend. And that is where our story begins, my dear readers. A cheese platter with Town House crackers on one side, and Clubhouse on the other? Yep, you read that right. Oh, how the Drake has fallen on hard times, I thought, especially when I heard that they just did a Groupon for High Tea there. Has it come to that? Before they do a deal with Groupon, Sun-Times' new WantsaDeal, or any other--- I would suggest they get their house in order. Now, since I stayed there the whole weekend, I feel a bit entitled to comment across the board on the Drake. I've lived in Chicago for 17+ years (most of my adult life), so I never stay at a hotel in town, but it felt like a luxury to treat my partner to his birthday weekend at a hotel that, for me, conjured images of Mad Men, high style, and impeccable service. I won't go into the coordination "challenges" with organizing a group of 30 friends for late night dessert and drinks, but I will say that when the evening was complete and I was ready for bed, I found out we were "conveniently" placed next to a bridal party, who sounded as though they were in our room. In fact, at 7 the next morning, these people hosted guests (more like the entire party.. people were literally in the hallway!!) in their room (which was not a suite). Really? The hotel allows that, when there's nothing but a hollow door that separates rooms? As my partner said, he's never been in a hotel of the Drake's status in which you could literally hear the people right next to you. We capped off our stay with an $80 breakfast for 2 at Drake Bros that consisted of: a waiter who tried to push the buffet on us (lazy), 1 order of cold brioche french toast (3 small slices), 2 Drake Breakfasts (my "aged pork loin" was a shriveled up small slice of cold, bland ham), and water. Ouch to lack of value. The Drake could be so much more than what's it's become-- a tourist destination for bridal parties, or girls, their Mother's, and their American dolls. In fact, if they took a page from some great hotels in New York (e.g., Gramercy Park Hotel) that have emerged as hip, local destinations that still appeal to travelers-- with cool furnishings, but with nods to the past, it could be so much more successful. Instead of cheese trays with Keebler Crackers, and restaurants with names like "Cape Cod Room" written in rope and "Lobster Thermador" on the menu (OML, Gordon Ramsey would have a field day here), it really needs to be brought into the 21st Century. A nod to Mad Men, but contemporized.  But, please, start with eliminating the "cheesy" crackers and soundproofing the rooms. As a post script to this review, the Drake graciously accepted our feedback, apologized, and "made it right by us". That's a classy start and I respect them and would give them another chance.
