My roommate and I had been anxiously awaiting the opening of The Bad Apple after Feed the Beast, formerly in the same restaurant space, closed down. She and I live just down the street, so we were really hoping this place would be good, considering it's withing walking (stumbling) distance from our apartment. Before stepping into the joint last night, we reminded ourselves not to be overly excited otherwise it would skew our perceptions of the place. I am more than happy to report, however, that the staff and beer, food, and atmosphere exceeded our admittedly overzealous expectations. Let's start with the staff. So, we sit down, and immediately, we are handed a beer menu by a very pleasant, waitress who somehow correctly pegged us as beer drinkers. We were blown away by the number of beers from which to choose, but quietly commented to each other that we wished there were descriptions to accompany the beer names. Not one second later, our waitress appears and hands us hot-off-the-press, new beer menus with, you guessed it--descriptions! At this point, I started to wonder if I should ask her to pick my lottery numbers. But, I digress. My roomie and I both ordered the lambic framboise, and were disappointed to learn it wasn't available (waitress said it wasn't tapped or something). At this point, the male bartender, Ronnie, offered some recommendations, and we ended up with a porter and a dandelion ale; both were excellent. My roommate ordered the beer can chicken sandwich, and I ordered the Mahalo burger with the ham and pineapple. In short, the chicken sandwich was awesome. It was tender with a hint of citrus and just delicious. The burger was the star of the show, though--my roomie and both thought it was the best burger we had ever had. I'm not even kidding. I ordered the burger medium, and it was cooked to perfection. The pineapple was grilled and sweet. The ham was oh, so smoky! The bun was toasted. It was the perfect combination of sweet, salty, and smoky. The fries were excellent, too. As we were waiting for our food, the bartender let us sample the fruit-infused vodkas in the large, transparent jars that adorn the bar. The raspberry and citrus vodkas were delicious; we're looking forward to going back and ordering martinis soon. Atmosphere feels the same as it did when it was Feed the Beast, which is to say it has a neighborhood clientele and thus neighborhoody feel. The Bad Apple is somehow slightly less pretentious, though. The back room in which we used to play Rock Band is now converted into a game room, complete with pinball and Packman and board games, which is just as fun. Check out the paint job in the bathroom back there, too. You kind of get the feeling that someone's looking at you. . . Can't wait to return. Thanks to The Bad Apple for an awesome meal and experience! Here's to hoping for consistency. . .
