I had a hard time figuring out where to start with this review, because I really enjoy the food at 90 Miles but there are a few things worth noting that keep this restaurant from being a 4 or 5 star establishment. I would say that their failures are in running a restaurant and not in making food.  My wife and I went for lunch and, having been to their other location, had an idea of what we were going to have. We sat in their enclosed outdoor seating area, which was stiflingly hot. The seating area was mostly empty and a huge table had been set up where a woman, I'm assuming a manager or owner, had a small photo studio set up and was taking pictures of their menu items which were coming out of the kitchen. This really wasn't that big of a deal, but being a previous owner of a restaurant I know that there are plenty of ways to get work like that done without having it near your customers. We were greeted by our server, who asked if we had been there before (and we said yes) and we placed our order. I ordered the Bistec Sandwich and a Tamal... the server told us about their "flavored" iced teas and I said I would like just unsweetened ice tea tea, if they had it. The server said "I'd have to brew some and then chill it", with a look of discontent on his face. I said "OK, that sounds fine thank you". In the world of service you either "have" something or do not... if you have it, I don't need to feel that I am putting you out by ordering it. Just bad practice. My wife, feeling guilty I think, ordered their mango iced tea which was an over-sweet mess. My wife ordered the Cubano sandwich (which was the reason she wanted to go there), upon ordering the server said "have you ever had the Media-Noche? It's like the Cubano but on a sweeter bread"... Now I give him credit for trying to talk her into trying something different from the menu... but usually you do this to people who are regulars or have never been there before. It was just annoying. So now comes the real cluster-f__K. This is the order in which our food arrived: 1st. The Cuban Sandwich, 2nd the Tamal and Mango Iced Tea, 3rd. The Bistec Sandwich and then 4th and finally the unsweetened iced tea (Earl Grey, nice touch - they should just make some and put it on the menu, I can't be the first customer to ask for iced tea). Why they couldn't bring everything at the same time is beyond me... and why our drinks didn't arrive before our food is something else that puzzles me. Our server was assisted by another person... apparently it takes two people to incorrectly serve two sandwiches, a tamal and 2 drinks... it just seemed like they had never served food in their lives. Then, as we ate our server did the ultimate "slow" restaurant mistake of 'hovering'. standing in the hall between the outdoor seating area and the kitchen door and watching us eat... all this with the manager/owner sitting right there (of course she was too busy playing with her digital camera to be bothered to manage the restaurant). Now... the food was quite good. I would say the only failures would be that the mango iced tea was indifferently made slop (one of those ideas you have in a menu enhancement brainstorm that should stay on the flip chart - either that or they just threw mango, iced tea and some simple syrup into a glass and put it on the menu before tasting it or trying to figure out how to make it perfect). The other failure was the chimmichurri sauce, which was not good at all... in fact it just plain sucked. Now I know there are hundreds of variations on chimmichurri, and this may be a Cuban variation but its just not good. Usually it contains cilantro, parsley, garlic, red wine vinegar, olive oil, salt and crushed red pepper flakes... their chimmichurri was mostly onion and lacked any real flavor. The sandwiches were quite good (good bread is the key to a good sandwich and they seemed to get that) and the plantain chips were thin and crisp and seasoned perfectly with salt. The tamal was quite good garnished with a perfect amount of sliced raw onion... I just wished that the menu (or our server) said what was in it. I mean it didn't matter, we eat everything, but I am not the biggest fan of surprises in dining that I'm not expecting. All this for $25.00... I don't know I felt a little ripped off. i mean I don't care about price when the restaurant delivers a great experience... but this was average at best. Overall, I gave them 3 stars because I enjoyed the food and I would return. Its not a 5 star restaurant, but could be a 4 star if they would get their act together a little. Maybe take-out is a better way to go... or maybe when they are busy the ship runs a little more smooth. I don't know... but it is a good place with a lot of potential to be a great place.
