Two visits, two events. Same space, different place. Uncommon Ground Devon took over what used to be the Speakeasy Supper Club. This outpost of UG has a very different feel than its Lakeview sibling, and I like it. Lakeview has a hodgepodge, part bar, part restaurant, part live music venue, sorta casual feel. Devon, on the other hand, feels smoother, sexier, classier, yet still low key. I absolutely love the vintage art deco bar area. I love the dark wood; low, cozy tables; and amber-toned lighting. I also loved the sip I snagged of a lemon ginger martini, I'd come back for one of those and I'm not really a martini sort of gal. Many of their cocktails contain one of their own house-infused vodkas too. Just past the bar are two oblong rooms, connected by two doorways. Our event was in the far room, which conveniently had its own set of bathrooms and a stage used for live music. Exposed brick, lots of wood and warm brown tones make it very cozy. The food and service for the event lived up to the expectations set by the ambiance. Service was very attentive; one server had my drink refill in hand just as I was taking my last sip, I didn't even need to ask! Our meal started with two appetizers, a Mediterranean platter - hummus, olives, roast eggplant salad, tzatziki, and pita; and a baked artichoke, goat cheese & pesto dip served with crostini. The baked dip was my favorite of the two, I probably could have polished off a whole portion of that warm, cheesiness myself. Next came an organic mixed green salad with apple cider vinaigrette. It was perfect between the two courses a nice, light little interlude to cleanse the palette. To finish we had two dishes, pumpkin ravioli and a chicken and gnocchi dish. I don't eat chicken so you're stuck with my commentary on the ravioli. I'm always a little skeptical about things like pumpkin ravioli, many times the come off too sweet and dessert-like, but UG gets it right. The ravioli, served with creamy sage butter, gorgonzola, and toasted hazelnuts, was excellent; the perfect balance of savory and sweet, with all of the flavors melding together so well, like they were destined to meet. Even though this place is pretty far North I'd definitely make a return trip. After all they have a small parking lot, easy street parking and are close to public transit (151, 36 & red line). P.S. On the roof is a certified organic farm - how cool!
