I was so stoked about writing this review because I just do not know where to start. In the world of great food--anywhere--this Chicago West Loop spot hits it out of the park with utter perfection and fun. The design of the restaurant--a country/barn like setting with mostly shared tables in a loud and festive environment-set in the hipster part of Chicago, sets the stage for an unforgettable dinner centered mostly on pork and seafood. Start with some oysters. They are flown in from everywhere. Vancouver--Washington State-Mass--Va.  Fresh has been risen to a new standard in the mid west.  The cured meats are an absolute delight. Serrano-Rosas-country ham just to wet the appetite are some of the best I've experienced in flavor and presentation. The spicy pork rinds are an absolute must--and a cross between decadent and totally addictive. But honestly --this is just the beginning. The main dishes are abounding but a few stand outs that deserve special mention. The suckling pig was just that. Succulent and dancing with spice and sweetness. The rabbit papperdelle is hearty and robust but not at all gamey. The sweetbreads are made delightful by the garnish of tatsoi, almonds, chili and lemon. And the farm chicken with summer sausage and frites defies what a great roast chicken should be. Oh--on sides don't miss the daily pickles--cauliflower with nicoise olives, Fresno chile and breadcrumbs -- the grilled spring onions --or the broccoli rabe with spring onions, pecorino and Parmesan. All well thought out and excellent flavor pairings that make an ordinary vegetable alive with imaginative and smart flavor. One can only imagine what dessert is like given how wonderful everything else is (and it is!). But explore that on your own. Some sweet options round out this a la Scott fav. Oh and oysters aside--everything is farm fresh mostly from Wisconsin and Illinois. So few do what this hot spot has done. It's made a fun-hip and happening spot one of the hottest restaurants in Chicago and arguably one of the best in the country. Best part is--after it's hip phase --a la Scott believes it will still be one of the most sought after reservations in town for a long time to come. All around this one gains a very rare a la Scott five starts!!!!!
