I usually do not write reviews because everyone has their own unique experience but my experience with Brazzaz the other night brought one on. It was on a friday and it wasnt too busy which was good. General decor and ambience was not all that impressive. We were seated and immidiately 3 people came up and began pooring water, taking drink orders and so forth. One of the men pouring our water, i thought was one of the bus boys, but he turned out to be our waiter. We asked for menus and they told us they dont have menus. So we asked what the options were and the cost. Our WAITER: "ummm what is today, friday.......well the meat meal is 39.50 and if you only want the salad bar its between 25 and 30 bucks. So our waiter wasnt even sure??? Meal then went fine, food was average to above average but I must admit the salad bar is very good. Lots of options and unique dishes. And now the disaster. We got our check and we were charged for 3 "meat" dinners at 48.50 a plate. We only had 2 meat dinners and 1 salad bar for the 3 of us. So our waiter came and gave us a little trouble because he thought we all got the meat. So he went and changed 1 meal to the salad bar at 29.50 but left the other two dinners at 48.50 which HE TOLD US was 39.50, and would not change it because he said he made the mistake, whatever sense that makes. So we go to the front to speak to the manager and after explaining he had a smirk on his face and said "im sorry, our waiter made a mistake and told you the wrong price of our meals.. Its 34.50 mon thru thur and 48.50 fri and sat. He explained there is nothing he can do and we must pay the 50 bucks a plate even though we were told 40 and the waiter made a mistake. He said the money would come out of his pocket if he changed it and was unwilling to do so. WOW, for a resteraunt that gets the attention this one gets i have never experience a more unsatisfactory experience. Needless to say that waiters tip instantly got included in the bill, NO SOUP FOR YOU. So my overall opinion would be this, with the options available in Chicago for brazilian steak houses and visiting almost all of them myself, i WILL NEVER go back to Brazzaz. Fogo de chao hands down has better food (meat). The service blew Brazzaz out of the water and the overall ambience and environment is much better. There is nothing worth anything close to $50 a plate at brazzaz. I will say the salad bar is good, if thats all you looking for. Fogo de Chao is def the best brazilian steakhouse in the city. Never again Brazzaz.
