Some really mediocre food.. After having his food at Avenues, I was truly excited to try the food at his very own restaurant.. I feel that he has tried so hard to be tricky that he has accomplished that without creating good food.. I ordered this kobe steak tartare that was swimming in truffle oil. The kobe steak was of bad quality.. He was more concerned with putting kobe on the title than, using a good cut of beef.. It had none of the actual properties that makes Kobe so wonderful. He also added some horrible bbq sauce to it on the side. I had this asparagus terrine with goat cheese.. Lovely idea to put the asparagus in some sort of mold where all the spears were perfectly stacked aligned. However, in order to create the mold he had to take all the texture and flavor out of the goat cheese.. He provided a frissee salad with hard boiled eggs and this really nice emulsion with tarragon.. If he just served the salad with the egg and emulsion it would have been fine.. But the focal point of this dish was this really bland asparagus terrine.. Great idea, lovely presentation, average execution.. We then had the kung pao sweetbreads.. This dish was really original.. I love sweetbreads, I loved fried sweetbreads.. However, the dish would have been considered an average Chinese Dish.. No beating your run of the mill Chinese Restaurant's Kung Pao.. He got tricky and substituted peanuts for this sesame sugar brittle.. Peanuts would have been a lot better, a lot easier, a lot more approachable. I also found that it just wasnt a good version.  I think it would have been better more crunchy.. Like a General Tzo chicken with broccoli and such... Though this version did have broccoli, it was served steamed and unsauced. We moved onto entrees.. My father got a fish dish that was ok, nothing great.. He barely at his.. I had the buffalo steak served rare the way I ordered it.. Everything was good, the coleslaw, the bread pudding thing they provided, I however thought they tricky part was just wrong.. He made this super sweet rootbeer bbq sauce that tasted like rootbeer barrels melted in ketchup.. It sounds good on paper but, it was not good.. Too chemically tasting.. The dessert, the PB&J or whatever was easily the worst dessert I have had in several months. maybe in the last year or so.. It just didnt work, was way too tricky.. Halavah and fruity foam.. Oy veh.. All in all, I feel like the place is trying to be out there.. It's trying to be cutting edge for the sake of being cutting edge.. People seemed to enjoy it.. At the end of the meal, I asked my father if the meal was free and he lived around the corner would he go back here.. We both said no.. All this aside, I respect him as a chef, I respect him trying new things, I respect the effort.. I just feel like it's too forced, too out there.. I loved the popcorn, loved the foie gras lollipops and poprocks..
