Calo's is by far one of my favorite restaurants. I have been there numerous times within the last two years. My boyfriend took me there on a date a while back, and it soared to the top of my favorites list that night. If you plan on going to Calo's on a weekend night, call ahead to put in a reservation, (but it is not necessary). If you don't, the wait for two isn't bad. Oh, and they have free parking across the street! Once inside, the ambiance is romantic (flickering candles and low lighting), but it also has an element of fun to it (with occasional live bands and upbeat music). After you're seated, and drink orders have been taken, the waiters will bring bread to your table. From the first bite of the warm, perfect focaccia bread, I was in love. It is the BEST bread I've ever been given at an Italian restaurant. Warm, buttery, flavorful. . . Wow. OK.. i could talk about that bread forever. But moving on to the rest of the meal, the soups and salads are pretty good. So is their buffalo-style calamari appetizer!  For my main entree, I order a pasta dish called "Ziti al Vodka" and yes, it's VERY good. I ordered it the first time we went, and I have never ordered anything else. Yes, its THAT good. My bf likes the fact that he can order different things from the menu, because he knows he's going to eat some of my ziti as well! He has ordered many different things off the menu which have been good, haven't heard any complaints. Most recently he ordered their $10 rib special (on weekdays) and was quite impressed by the amount of food, as well as the flavor of the meat. All for $10! Can't beat that. Last but not least, is dessert (one of my favorite things)! The first time we went to Calo's the waiter suggested we get the tiramisu, but I decided to get the 'flour-less chocolate cake.'  It was ok, nothing special. But the next time we came, I took the waiter's suggestion, and WOW. That is some DAMN GOOD tiramisu. The BEST I've have ever had. (Needless to say, we also get that every time. . .lol). . So in short (ha), one of the best meals ever: warm focaccia, folowed by Ziti al Vodka, and topped off with tiramisu for dessert. It won't let you down.  As a last note, the only negative thing I would have to mention is the service there. The service is not terrible, and has seem to gotten much better recently.  In the past, we have occasionally noticed the waiters are either new, or just do not speak English well enough to understand what we want! This hasn't been the case as of recently, and I did not deduct any stars for it (obviously) but I thought I would mention it!
