I'm not sure how I came here twice for drinks/appetizers (great beer list, so-so appetizers) but never made it to dinner...until a couple of days ago.  This is hands down one of the best meals I have ever had. I go to bed dreaming of it. I'm drooling just thinking of the food. Fair warning - I am sucker for pork belly so I may be a bit biased here since it is probably my favorite dish; however, I've also had my fair share of mediocre pork belly and will admit when it's just okay. I may be partially influenced by the phenomenal beer I was drinking with my meal, but I insist that this is the best pork belly that I have yet to consume. They give you a slab of pork belly that is about two playing cards in length (but a little thinner in width). Your teeth first hit a crispy skin brushed with a slightly tangy Asian sauce, and sink into the buttery flesh of pork belly which simply melts in your mouth. One bite and you are taken to another world. Before the pork belly, was the duck prosciutto. Generally, I enjoy prosciutto but don't go crazy over it. This duck prosciutto was not kidding around. Severed with delicate slices of cheese (ricotta?), strawberries and arugula. The salty and sweet flavors burst in your mouth, melting together in pure joy and once again, melting in your mouth the way fine food should. I was mid sentence when this sucker went into my mouth - stopped, paused, eyes widened and looked up in bliss, lost my train of thought and said "holy crap, this is amazing." While it was a bit pricey (we spent $50/person), it was completely worth it. We also got the tuna, which was good but not mind blowing. The half chicken was juicy, and full of flavor. It's just not at the top of my list since chicken, in general, is not my favorite. However, this was hands down one of the best chicken dishes that I have had. Bonus is that it comes with sausage and french fries. I will definitely back for more full on meals. The atmosphere is also really cute - all wood with giant pig pictures around.
