We had the opportunity to dine at Mastros on Sunday night and from start to finish a great experience thanks to our waiter Neal. My husband who travels to the SW often for work was very excited when Mastros finally opened here in Chicago. So we decided to stop by on Sunday night for dinner without reservations and was greeted by Michael the Maitre D' and he promptly checked us in an escorted us to our table. Our server came over with a big smile and warmly welcomed us and thanked us for waiting patiently for them to open here in Chicago. So my husband told our waiter (Neal) that he would like him to go over his whole speech about the menu for me, I tell you he did not miss a beat. We are not a fan of red meat, But there is so much more to Mastros than their Steaks. After chatting with our server for a bit and told him what our preferences were, He took our menu's away and said he would like to select our dinner for the evening. We started with half a dozen of Kushi (west coast) and half a dozen of Raspberry point (east coast) oysters which were so flavorful and unique. Then moved into our next course I had the French Onion Soup and my husband had the Spicy Mambo Salad (caesar salad w/ horse radish, wasabi & bleu cheese). For our entrees Neal pointed my husband towards the Sword Fish Blackened & me towards the Ahi Tuna Sashimi, Lord when my tuna came out it was on a huge platter with shredded vegetables in a soy sauce that was delicious. He told us to save room for dessert so we only ate half of our entrees and boxed the rest up. For dessert my husband got the Key Lime Pie and I got their signature Warm Butter Cake w/ vanilla bean ice cream. The butter cake was like nothing I have ever tasted before, Needless to say we could not finish our desserts so we boxed them to go as well. Again, We truly enjoyed our evening thanks to our waiter Neal. My only critique was sitting there in this beautiful dining room and witnessing another table move three times because they were not happy.......Also watching all the staff drop what their were doing to take care of these people and making sure their needs where met. I say Bravo to the Team at Mastros, I think the other steakhouses in town better take note!
