I've been here four times now, and am a member of their party as well so I get to drink out of a mug instead of a pint (4 extra ounces!). The first time I went was on a Sunday afternoon, a somewhat rainy one at that. We chose this time as when we tried on the previous Friday the wait seemed fairly unreasonable (I think it was estimated at an hour and a half). My friend, a current Manhattan resident, and I ordered the house made sausages. All of them were absurdly tasty. We also got the duck confit pizza, which was also absurdly tasty. My friend declared it the best culinary experience I have had in months given that previously that weekend we had gone to XoCo and the Bad Apple that seemed like a fairly impressive task as both of those places have great food as well. On that first visit between the two of us we sampled all 5 (or 6) Revolution beers they had on tap. I would not describe any of them as being out of this world or unique, but what people seem to not be noticing is that they are all really solid well crafted examples of their styles. Second visit more friends from NYC. They got sandwiches and seemed pleased with them. I got the blue cheese mussels cooked in cider as I thought seafood+cheese=potential disaster so I just had to know, turns out they were delicious. Bacon fat popcorn was the appetizer of choice, as it seemed like a novel idea, the novelty was not good enough to overshadow the taste. Though while we all agreed it only tasted OK, we did eat it all, so it mustn't have been that. Third visit was with the boyfriend. Got the applewood smoked wings, he called them a borderline religious experience and they were. In fact for the 4th visit I forced my dad to get them...plus the blue cheese potato salad is pretty tasty. 4th visit was last night. My dad got the beef stew which was tender, flavorful, and had a nice rich sauce with it. I got the Tempeh Reuben. The fries were decent not in my top 5 for Chicago, but pretty good. The Reuben itself was very tasty nice vinegary but not to acidic sauerkraut, tempeh added a nice texture, bread was crusty, and the vegan sauce was delicious (my usually hatred for Reuben is the mayo based thousand island, the vegan sauce solved that problem, egg free!). I have only gone with fellow beer snobs and I like I said all of the beers are solid examples of their styles. My favorites so far is probably the Eugene or the Workingman Mild, for the colder months and likely the Bottom Up Belgian Wit or the Iron Fist Pale Ale. I even enjoyed Cross of Gold which while being a basic golden ale was still somewhat interesting. In sum: Great food. Excellent service (i didn't mention that before but I have had nothing but wonderful wait staff experiences every time full of polite, knowledgeable, and patient servers). Don't expect to get in fast on a Friday or Saturday Night. Don't expect funky nuanced beers here, they seem to be going for excellent base examples of each style.
