For an old building, this Embassy Suites is very well maintained and has been remodeled well.  If you ever want to see how old the hotel is...go down the stairs and check out what that's like...they never repaint or remodel stairwells.  The rooms are spacious (another clue that it is an older building) and laid out well....your standard ES....but still excellent. The open atrium Embassy Suite trademark...makes it noisy at times in the living room...especially during happy hour or during a party.....but the bedroom in the back of the suite with it's locked door...takes the edge off the noise. Four people can stay in this suite and not feel cramped at all...plenty of room for even 6 people.....if they let that many stay in the room. The included breakfast and happy hour...wine. beer and snacks...is very welcomed if you are on a per diem or budget.  One dinner downtown can set you WAY back......That takes the edge off staying downtown and its high prices. Breakfast is the best of any of the suites hotels around the country.  The highlight is the omlette station.  A chef prepares a custom omlette for you .  You pick out all the ingredients like peppers, onions, tomatoes, spinach, mushrooms, bacon, sausage, ham, cheeses, etc. With that you also get fried potatoes or pancakes.  Quite a wide range of selection.  There is also a large fruit area to get all your standard fruits...melons, apples, oranges, bananas, etc. There is a danish/donut/pastry tray as well as cereals and oatmeal.  Apple, cranberry and orange juices are available as well as all the coffee.  In downtown Chicago, this would easily be a $25 to $30 breakfast if you eat alot.  Everyone in your room gets this breakfast as part of your room rate.  In addition to the breakfast is the free happy hour as well.  All the wine, beer and sodas you can drink in 2 hours as well as appetizers. The wine is one grade above screwcap bottled wine.  Beer is standard Miller quality.  One night was puff pastry mini hot dogs and cheese balls.  The next night was buffalo wings and meatballs.  Again, in downtown Chicago, you drinking a few beers or glasses of wine plus these appetizers could easily set you back $20 to $30 per person. However the quality was not good for the appetizers....2 stars....most of the dishes were way too salty. My only complaint here is that many times no one answers the phone ...either the operator, concierge, front desk.  They get overwhelmed frequently.  I just hope an emergency doesn't happen here and I can only call out to get help For downtown Chicago at the lakefront area, Embassy Suites is an excellent place to stay, especially if you are travelling with a family. I like this place much better than the Sheraton up the block.
