Each year Restaurant Magazine compiles a Top 100 ranking of the world's best restaurants. In the 2011 edition Alinea came in at number one in North America and number six in the world (the top five venues are all in Europe with the number one ranking awarded to Denmark's Noma). I have yet to dine in any of the top five restaurants, but am having a very hard time envisioning a meal better than the wonderfully creative, phenomenal meal I just enjoyed at Alinea. Imagining food more exquisite is like trying to visualize a color that does not exist. After months of anticipation tonight was my birthday dinner at Alinea. The entrance to Alinea is nondescript and easy to miss. Once you open the unmarked door you stroll down a long modern hallway and eventually are greeted by a host; you are then ushered inside for the start of a magical culinary journey that is far more than just a great meal. Alinea does not just have the best food in the U.S., but likely has the best staff as well. For our four hour long, twenty course meal we were completely pampered by our team of servers. Despite being such a high end venue, there is a fun vibe; the servers (despite being impeccably polished) are laid back, interact with you quite a bit and exhibit wonderful senses of humor; the experience is not at all pretentious as one may imagine. All the staff were great but Johnny in particular stood out as probably the best server we have ever had. Jason deserves kudos as well. My wife does not have the most adventurous palate, but the staff was very flexible with making substitutions. Out of the twenty courses there was not a single dud. About a half dozen of them were so awesome they were mind blowing. Each course has such a unique presentation; the food looks like modern art, but tastes better than any more traditional fare I have consumed. It is hard to do the food justice in a review as the experience of dining at Alinea really exercises all the senses and is a transcending experience; several of the courses even utilize non edible scents to interact with the taste of the cuisine (as well as to evoke memories) such as maple leaves that are scorched, creating the effluvium of burning leaves wafting throughout the dining room. I do not want to describe the courses in detail as being surprised magnifies the experience, but will touch upon a couple of highlights. The first few courses are seafood and the most beautiful was presented on piece of petrified driftwood draped with seaweed and topped with four delicious shellfish dishes artistically doctored up with different flavor components, still sitting inside their shell. The mushroom dish and the venison were my other favorite savories and all the dessert courses were amazing, but the final course - a sort of chocolate pinata broken open at your artistically decorated table (with an assortment of sauces) was out of this world. Alinea does not have a full bar as Chef Achatz believes that hard alcohol would dull one's taste buds to the delicate flavor combinations of the food. There is a fairly large wine list and they offer a standard pairing ($160) or a reserve pairing (about $250) or wines by the glass, bottle and half bottle. While the food is expensive ($210 per/person), there are some reasonably priced wines (bottles start at about $55). My appreciation of fine food far exceeds my appreciation of fine wine and I was not made to feel at all bad for ordering one of the more inexpensive bottles of wine. There are also all sorts of different waters to choose from (including three different sparkling) and at the end of the meal coffee is served in a French press. To cap off our meal we were presented with a copy of the menu and a folder to safely tuck it inside. My wife had made Alinea aware it was my birthday and in addition to serving me an extra dessert course they even had a happy birthday message printed on my copy of the menu. We also were invited for a kitchen tour at the end of the meal and then were escorted outside by a staff member to a waiting taxi. Despite the experience lasting just over four hours it was one I did not want to end, but will take with me many happy memories (and a very full belly). This was truly a meal fit for a king; the most beautiful food I have ever seen, some of the best food I have ever tasted and the best service I have received. I have now had the privilege of enjoying Grant Achatz' three main venues (Alinea, Next and The Aviary); Achatz is an absolute genius and is truly the master of modern cuisine. Someday I would like to try one of the restaurants in Europe that Restaurant Magazine has ranked as superior to Alinea but I am fairly confident that Alinea will remain number one in my book. I would not be surprised if Alinea ascends higher in the rankings before I make it to one of the other venues as I have the feeling that as good as Achatz is now, he is yet to reach his prime and somehow will continue to improve and set new trends.
