ENCASED MEAT HEAVEN! I came here on November 2010 and I STILL dream about the food here. I don't care if my review gets lost in the already 2000+ reviews for this place or if my review is even necessary to highlight how amazing the hot dogs are here. I would actually be doing myself a disservice by not writing a review of my experience. To this day, I still have not found a hot dog place that comes close to how delicious the food is here. I don't know what they do, but they're doing something right with encased meat. The boy and I came here on a cold November Saturday morning. If someone flicked my ear, I'm pretty sure it would have fallen off. And on top of that, we stood behind some cranky person in line who wouldn't let us through the door when we got close to the front of the restaurant just because she wanted to keep the cold air out. But no cold weather and cranky person could ruin our Hot Doug's experience. Between the two of us, we ordered: -Foie Gras and Sauternes Duck Sausage with Truffle Aioli, Foie Gras Mousse and Sel Gris (I can't say that ten times repeatedly because I'll be drooling after saying it once.) -Spicy Jerk Dog with Jerk Mayonnaise, Mashed Plantains and Baby Belletoile Cheese -Bison Dog: Wild Rice and Asiago Cheese Bison Sausage with Roasted Yellow Pepper Mayonnaise and Irish Porter Cheese -Regular Chicago Dog -Duck Fat Fries Honestly, we didn't even touch the Chicago Dog and I honestly can't remember what the duck fat fries tasted like. It was all about the three special hot dogs we ordered. The Fois Gras duck sausage KILLED IT! But my personal favorite was the Spicy Jerk Dog. The cheese, plaintains, and mayonnaise surprisingly went well together and just melted in my mouth. And it had a slight, spicy kick to it. And the Bison Dog was smoked to perfection and had HUGE blocks of cheese that crushed easily in our mouths. The quality of the sausages here is seriously top notch. Smoked and grilled just right. Flavors really packed in there. Toppings complement the flavor of the meat. Not too dry, just succulently right. You know it's good sausage when you can hear and feel the encasing snap when you bite into the sausage. I dream about the day that I'll return to this heavenly place to take another bite out of their sausages. I'm having Foie Gras withdrawals in California! Enjoy!
