WHOOHOO! Any restaurant that starts me off with homemade bread and butter pickles already starts as a 5 in my book. However, the greatness didn't end there! One small complaint - I had a reservation for 5 and wanted to change it to a reservation for 6. I called twice and was informed that there was no way that this could be changed. Finally, things worked out and I was able to change it (and make the reservation earlier, which was fantastic). However, I was a bit dismayed to find out that there were no 'mystery tables' that would only seat 5 and not 6. It worked out, but it was a bit disappointing that they didn't make an effort to accommodate. In any case, a group of 6 of us visited for dinner during restaurant week and we had a great time. Five of us ate off of the restaurant week menu and one from the regular menu and I think I can say with much certainty that we all loved it. First of all, the space is great, it's like an old Farmhouse and it's bustling, but not overly so. I thought it was very pretty and relaxing and had some interesting artwork. Also, the bathrooms were spotless, and nicely decorated. Atmosphere and bathrooms - 5. Our server was super friendly, didn't rush us and she wasn't inattentive. When we asked for her thoughts on menu items, she was quick with an answer instead of the "everything is delicious..." reply which I hate. She was busy, but kept tabs on us, so she was a standout. Service was a 5.  The food - wow! I think I may have found my new bbq spot. I had the trio of meats to start and then the kobe brisket, finishing with milk and cookies. The pulled chicken and pork...wow...yum! The brisket portion of the appetizer was tender, though a bit fattier than the entree version. The appetizer comes with corn bread and is definitely enough for 2 or 3 to share. The kobe brisket was delicious and I recommend it with the spicy cornbread (coleslaw was good, too). All in all, everything I tried was great and I would definitely return. I think portion sizes are massive, though (this may be the best deal of restaurant week!). Two of us could have shared one meal. The milk and cookies were delicious and I have to say, a nice, cold glass of milk does a body good (and try the oatmeal cookie with bacon...unique and delicious). Food is a 5.  Value was definitely good for the portion sizes - perhaps a bit pricey, but everything was wonderful and you definitely will have some to take home. A 4 for value. My only recommendation is for q to move their bbq sauce to large, squeezable containers because I can't get enough!!!
