LOVED IT! Celebrated an anniversary here with the bf. It was a great fun experience - something new and different.  After reading other reviews - I requested a booth for the romantic atmosphere...the booth was great - but it is SUPER DARK! It was hard to see well! But guess that adds to the mystery and romanticism. We went on a Wednesday at 6:30PM - when we got there, only a few other patrons were there - by the time we left it was fairly busy! And they also had a guy playing the guitar. Adds to the cute atmosphere. They have valet service, but when we got there there seemed to be a lot of street parking available on Lincoln on that cold, snowy day. Our server was great - it was our first time there so he explained everything really well from the food available to the cautionary message of not using the same fondue fork to eat off of after putting it in the hot oil. :) We ordered the premier dinners. It's great because you can each pick your own premier dinner! We just happened to get the same beef and scallops dinner with vegetables.  Our dinner started off with a small basic salad and the cheese fondue with bread, grapes, and apples.  Then the main entree came with the dipping sauces that everyone talks about - try them all to find your faves! It's nice b/c our server told us which goes best with what food. Our dinners came with about 3 big scallops and 3 pieces of beef - seems small but with all the other food I think it's a good portion b/c it's not like you will be taking that home as leftovers! For the veggies - they served onion, green peppers, potatoes, mushrooms, and broccoli. They were all great except for the broccoli!! When you cook the broccoli, the florets hold all the oil - so when you eat it you sure do get a whole mouthful of oil! But everything else is awesome - I loved the crispy potatoes. The onions are good but only if they are cut wide enough - otherwise when you spear them they break and it's hard to do anything with them. For dinner they give you instructions of how long to cook everything...like 3 minutes for the potatoes, 1 min for all the other veggies and scallops, 2 mins for the beef tenderloin... They're smart to tell you to add a veggie under the scallop so the scallop doesn't fall off your fork, and not to eat off the same fork that you just cooked your food with lest you want to burn your mouth! The tips are all helpful. The chocolate fondue dessert ends with marshmallows (the fondue has alcohol in it that they flame so you can roast the marshmallows first!), strawberries, honeydew/cantaloupe, pound cake, pineapples, bananas and apples. What an awesome way to end the meal! Oh and their coffee comes with a cup of whipped cream! Delish. I'm sold. It was a great place to go to - especially for a special occasion. It's also good for small groups of friends because it's fun. Children under a certain age are not allowed. And yes - wear casual clothes ~ the smell does stay with you for the night!
