I found this place randomly on yelp when i was looking for a local brunch place to take my father to while he was in town, and being from Edgewater, this spot was literally right down the road from me. I made a reservation through yelp just because i know how popular brunch is in this city and i didn't want to be hanging out to dry and looking like a dork in front of my dad. The Thursday morning we went it was very quiet in the restaurant and had a very southern charm to it right off the bat. Our waiter promptly brought home made corn bread that tasted like it had come out of the oven 5 minutes ago and had chunks of sweet corn right in the bread, served with honey butter...to die for. There was a whiskey and gin menu which i thought was very impressive, but defaulted to my usual Tom Collins which was mixed to perfection. I took the crab cakes for an appetizer and they were unbeleivably deliciously fresh tasting, especially for a land locked state. It was almost as if they started a home made crab salad that they made into patties and then lightly seared in a superheated pan until firm enough to stick together as individual cakes but soft enough that you could cut them with a fork and have the pieces fall apart in your mouth. The cakes were accompanied with a spicy sauce that tasted like chipotle peppers. For my main course i ordered a traditional Virgina pulled pork sandwich and my father ordered the Jambalaya ya-ya. Mine was great, not too messy and the BBQ sauce had that very acidic vinegar taste that you just cant get when the sauce isn't home made. The sandwich was served with house cabbage slaw; everything was delicious. My dad seemed very pleased with his meal and asked about the andouille sausage in his dish and was informed that all the sausage and boudin was made in house....impressive for being outside crawdad country. We powered through our food and had enough room to share a piece of the house red velvet cake. This dessert is just another reason this place deserves 5 stars because it, like everything else we ate, was made right before it was served to us. The cake was not sliced off of a larger cake for the masses but was individually baked for our particular order and served with some of the richest, creamiest pecan ice cream i have ever tasted. You have not experienced superior southern food in this city until you eat here, the heavy coastal influences make this place a serious find for any foodie and sets it apart from southern wannabe's. Superior service, fresh tasting food prepared to perfection and finished minutes before being brought to our table, delicious cocktails and an inspired classical southern menu earns this place 5 stars. I assume that the menu rotates seasonally, as most restaurants of Big Jone's caliber do, so I will most definately be coming back to see what the lineup is for Fall/Winter. Keep up the good work because you guys rock.
