We made an impromptu lunch stop here on a perfect summer day, plopped ourselves down at an outdoor table, and proceeded to have the tiniest and most delicious lunch I've had in awhile. My lunch partner had the idea that we would, for a change, order dessert after lunch. So we shared an appetizer portion of their mac 'n cheese and an order (side) of grilled asparagus with a couple of iced teas. First, the outdoor area is beautifully festooned with potted plants and flowers, and it really does give the otherwise dull Broadway streetscape a classy garden feel. The people-watching is fun with all the foot traffic, and then you can watch all the drivers who try to make a left onto Broadway from Briar Place, a feat requiring courage not unlike bungee jumping or sky-diving. With horns added. The crowd here was friendly. The passers by either oblivious with their bluetooths or curiously checking out our plates. Back to the food. We loved the mac 'n cheese. It really hit the spot with the tomatoes and bacon, a creamy cheesy sauce and the panko bread crumbs. The starter portion made a good "guiltless" and moderate amount for two. (And no need for a quick angioplasty on the way home.) The asparagus were crispy and snappy and bathed in butter. The entire menu is very attractive, with a creative assortment of salads, starters, sandwiches and entrees. And not a replica of every other Irish Pub by any means. Pretty unique choices. I will certainly head back here for some classic comfort foods such as meatloaf or rosemary roasted chicken, a steak sandwich, or salmon. And definitely in fall or winter to be indoors and enjoying their classy cozy interior. With fireplace. Our server Adam was as pleasant as the summer day. He was enthusiastic about the menu offerings and just attentive enough. As it turned out, my friend reneged on the dessert plan, so I passed as well. But those offerings were really mouth-watering, too. Lot's of caramel and toffee stuff happening here, folks. Can't go wrong there. With just a small sampling on my first visit, and without expectations, I can say I'm a fan.
