I admit it's been roughly 9 months since I've been here and am just now getting around to reviewing Alinea. It could be due to laziness but let's use the "too amazing to put into words" excuse. Alinea shouldn't be listed as a restaurant and instead as an experience or Chicago attraction. Everything in your environment is mute so you can use all of your sense to engage the food. Achatz and his incredible staff are in the business of creating 'awe'. We dined here during the fall and were lucky enough to be one of the first seatings to experience the new menu for that season. We chose the twenty three course tour and set out for a two and a half hour long culinary experience. Our sommelier guided us to eventually choosing a thirty year old Riesling which was excellent and paired well with most of our courses. He was extremely knowledgeable and I learned a great deal since I'm not a huge wine drinker. I'm not going to go over each course since that would take forever and having been so long since I was there, an injustice to them. Each course was amazing, the combination of flavor profiles, textures, presentation and smell was impeccable. Each ingredient melded well with everything else on the plate and the course following it. Not only are the flavors well developed but the methods for delivery are too. It's a very interactive experience in which you will eat food in unconventional ways. The real highlight for us was when Grant Achatz came table side to prepare Chocolate. We all tried to think of something witty to say as this occurred but the spectacle just took over and I'm pretty sure I personally just stared like a kid meeting his sports hero and maybe muttered "AWESOME" a couple times. By far this is the best food experience you can find in Chicago. The waitstaff were a little austere at first but warmed up a great deal once they saw that we were here to really enjoy the food and not just sit here for the upper class brownie points. They worked with the kitchen to pace the courses just right. They answered our bevy of questions and even joked a round a bit once the dining room cleared out some (we had a late seating). When we were winding down to the last few courses they chatted with us and we talked about other spots in the city. Chef Achatz was nice enough to autograph our menus and then we were on our merry way. Twenty three courses does leave you just a tiny bit full, but manageable. Dining here is going to take some planning. Reservations can top out a month or more ahead of time and it's spendy. I believe the bill came to about $850 for three of us with drinks before gratuity. It's a very special experience that I would recommend having at least once. And let's face it, you're never going to grab a table at El Bulli so why not get the best of this hemisphere?
