This was my first exposure to a churrascaria, which is a Brazilian steakhouse. OMG, where have you been my whole life? And now I've lost you. But I remember you well. A hefty price tag, to be sure (though lunch abates it quite a bit and you only lose some expensive meats and upper end salad bar items), but what a MEAT experience. You start off with the salad bar - not just cold salad, but all sorts of grilled veggies, pasta salads, caprese, and it goes on and on. At dinner you get some lobster and other items in the buffet, too. The temptation to fill up on you is great, but I was warned not to on my first trip, and oh did I learn. Because then there's the MEAT. They have cooks walking around with skewers of kebabs, seasoned meats, sausages, pork, all sorts of MEAT. You are given a paper disc that is red on one side and green on the other; it starts red. If you flip it to green, the chefs stop at your table and offer their fare. So I started with two, well three, oh god that looks good four okay STOP. Quickly I had amassed four kinds of meat on my plate and didn't want it to get cold (and that's one of the great things about this system; you just get as much as you want and then stop for a while, to eat while still hot - and then repeat.) Repeat how often? However much you like. It is limitless, and you had better keep some modicum of cognitive self-control about you, or else the flavor will let you gorge to the point of pain. Yes, they were delicious. Strongly spiced in fantastic ways to bring out the meat's flavor best. Granted, I didn't like the taste of everything there, but what I did like... oh, blissful MEAT. Yes, it's a multi-city chain. But it still rocks. Their tagline is "The Gaucho Way of Preparing Meat " If you want to see pictures of the amazing salad bar and meat skewers, go to their web site (http://www.fogodechao.com). Apparently they have a decent wine selection (I only skimmed) and large desserts - but who has room? I don't. Or at least didn't, when I could still go there. Go for me. Have outrageous amounts of delicious MEAT. Just don't bring a vegetarian date, unless they don't mind being surrounded by meat and you're willing to pay a huge amount for them to eat from the salad bar all evening (which is wonderful, but not worth *that* price). Maybe one day.... (Note: I really wanted to give it 4.5 stars. I went back and amended to 5 stars because of these types of steakhouses, it really is the best I've run across, though it's not the best pure *steakhouse* - but that's not what they are trying to do.)
