We've been Frontera fans since it opened in 1987. Our most recent visit last Saturday - a surprisingly warm evening in Chicago and we sat outside in the early evening. The experience, as always, was exemplary - we had a new server but she was extremely solicitous and knowledgeable. Jill, the sommelier, recommended a spectacular Chilean cabernet that actually made a great match with the wild B.C. salmon dish on the specials roster. The little Mexico City quesadillas to start are basic but terrific as were the taquitos. Frontera is loud, bustling, a bit chaotic from time to time but if you surrender to the experience you will have the time of your life. If you're familiar with Americanized Tex Mex -go beyond the basics (enchiladas, tacos al carbon), and try whatever Rick's doing with duck, pork, or seafood. Try the grass fed rib eye - way spicy but way wonderful. The special on Saturday night is ribs - not something you'd expect in a Mexican fine dining establishment but remarkable nervertheless. Other favorites from this year - whatever he is doing with duck is always a 4 star experience; last week the wild salmon was fantastic - in recent months he's done wonderful things with line caught swordfish and halibut. There are always a couple of main course options in a mole - always wonderful. Two all time favorites - the Oaxacan carne asada - a rib eye in a marvelous ancho and passilla marinade - one of the best teaks in a america's best steak town - and the ribs (Saturday night only) - I have no idea if they have Mexican heritage but I can state with confidence that they are among the best ribs in the Windy CityThe Topoolo margaritas, prepared tableside are worth the extra $3-4.The wine list is moderate in length and there are many expensive options. But there are many moderately priced options that are wonderful. Ask any of the three sommeliers on duty for a recommendation in your price range and you'll come away more than pleased. Tip: best ways to snag a table. Tues and Wed nights can be relatively quiet during the mid part of the evening in the slower months of the year. Try Saturday brunch which fills quickly but you'll never have to wait more than 15-20 minutes. For a Friday or Saturday night walk over from your office or home at 530 or 6 - leave your name and tell them you'll be back at 8 or 830 - head to the movies and when you get back your table will be waiting. If you simply show up at 7 pm on Saturday the wait will be 3 hours - unless you're able to snag a hi boy table in the bar area or sit at the bar itself to dine.
