I stayed here for a convention at the McCormick Center in Chicago and The Silversmith was a decent hotel. It was clean and my room was very large. I had a separate living and sleeping area with a king bed. As I was on the 8th floor facing the side where the trains ran, I could still hear the train from that high up. It wasn't loud enough to keep me from sleeping, but it was bothersome. Otherwise, the location of the hotel was great, right on Jewelers Row and surrounded by a decent shopping area. I especially liked the Nordstrom Rack and Macy's nearby.But even so, I will probably not be staying here ever again. When I first arrived, I had requested from the front desk some extra toiletries to be sent up to my room, as the ones they provide are sparse. The front desk said someone would be up with them soon. No one ever came and I still did not receive new or more toiletries my whole stay here (I checked in on a Saturday evening and checked out on a Thursday). I also tried to request a late check-out as my convention ended at 2 PM on Thursday, but the latest they could accommodate me was only 12:30 PM, barely any difference from their current check-out time of 12 PM. So I checked out and left my luggage with the bell hop there until I could come back and retrieve it. When I did come and try to retrieve it, I waited half an hour for a bell hop to arrive at their stand near the entrance of the hotel and no one ever came. I went to the front desk with my luggage ticket and asked to receive my luggage, they radio-ed the bell hop and they didn't even receive a response. I proceeded to wait another 15 minutes for someone to finally come to retrieve my luggage. I believe one of the hotel cleaning staff working in the lobby had to come and help me get my bags.The internet is also neither wireless or hi-speed. I ended up getting so frustrated by the lack of wireless internet and slow speed of the wired internet, that I ended up using my iPad data plan for most of my stay here.I would expect more from a hotel for the rate I received (Ranged from $169 to $279 per night during my Sat. through Thurs. stay). Luckily, I was staying here for business, otherwise I would be very disappointed in how much I spent on this room.
