Went with a group of ten and they were more than willing and able to provide exceptional service. We were seated upstairs where the ambience is very warm and quiet. The staff was definitely on the ball, great with drink orders, and they were not rushing us to get our orders going. A couple of servers worked our table and were very happy to answer any questions about the menu. I'm not too big on the decor of restaraunts....to me sometimes less is more. Mastros fit that profile for me....very new, very clean, warm and simple. We ordered a few apps to get things going....the seafood tower, crab cakes, seared tuna, and mushrooms. All of the items were exceptional...the seafood was very fresh and very good. The seafood tower was a mix of fresh seafood of your choice...served over ice. Also, we shared some fresh oysters that were very big and tasty.  The apps were a nice touch but they hammer you on the price at the end of the day. Same for the drinks....they were all wonderful...order a martini and they practically give you 3 of them since they leave you with the shaker. The wine list is extensive and had some nice options...just a bit pricey. Just about all of the guest' ordered a steak for their entree. Personally I had the bone in filet that was perfect. Ordered medium and it was cooked just right......there were no complaints from anyone else at he table. The inlet was very flavorful and tender enough tout with a fork. I was able to samples one of the bone in ribeye and it melts in your mouth. Great marbling just the right amount of fat shivering through the cut. The sides were what has become a standard at chicago steakhouses....huge baked potatoes, huge veggie sides, etc. All of the sides are big enough to share and were tasty. We splurged for the lobster mashed potatoes....I thought they were overrated and overpriced....$38 per order. Not a whole lot of lobster in the batch....prolly won't go for that next time. Overall...a great experience of service and food. It will be a special occasion spot or this guy considering the cost per person...but enjoyed the experience.
