Anyone who's eaten with me any other time can attest to my usual carnivorous vice. The less common the fowl/fish/seafood/meat, the more my ears perk up and my mouth waters. So for me to say I ate a vegetarian meal at a non-vegetarian restaurant and enjoyed every bite of it without missing meat once is a pretty big statement. One of our fellow diners was a vegetarian, but we took one look at the menu and realized there were so many veggie options we wouldn't be at a loss if we skipped out on meat. Sure enough, Davanti Enoteca served up delicious, decadent dish after dish to us in a jovial, warm setting and I couldn't have been more satisfied upon leaving. We had some glasses of Riesling (the quartino, a glass and a half portion, is a great way to try a wine among friends) and started off with the famous honeycomb / ricotta vasi with tuscan toast. It was just as nosh-worthy as I could have imagined. Our jar was pretty big - so big our server brought a second helping of bread when we ran out! The "tapas-style" meal involved splitting a couple of dishes: a truffle oil pizza with mushrooms, leeks and taleggio, which blew La Madia's pizza out of the water. We devoured the truffled egg toast with asparagus and fontina, which looked like eggs in a hole and tasted even better than eggs in a hole. The farro, squash and goat cheese salad was earthy, light and had just a hint of sweetness to it, which was a nice, bright contrast to the rest of the heavier items. When we said we had room for one last dish, our server recommended the focaccia with cow cheese, which did us all in. Each bite was ridiculously crispy and fatty...each slice, a wall for each of us to surmount. We ended up boxing up the last two pieces. For dessert, we tried the butterscotch pudding - the caramel sauce was at the bottom, and worth every bite to get to. Overall, I really enjoyed the meal, and was pleasantly surprised by how uncrowded it was (I've heard some horror stories about lines here). Perhaps the winter has begun to weed some of the patrons out...but it shouldn't. The warmth in the wine, food and service should be more than enough to warrant a visit. Go now!
