After going to this place, how could anything else ever impress me again? When I went to Alinea, I had been traveling all over the country due to my job and was eating out almost every day. I enjoy good food, but at some point I was starting to experience restaurant fatigue at every "fancy or great" place I was going to. (Great, the steak tasted amazing, the fish was awesome, so on and so forth, but I felt like I'd seen the same "twists" at other restaurants). Alinea was able to take my taste buds on a REAL adventure. It was like if you were straight edge and then all of a sudden you took acid. My world exploded. The food. As others have mentioned, this is molecular gastronomy... which means most of the time you have no idea what you are eating. It's abstract art in edible form. But whatever comes out is whimsical and different from what you've experienced before. We went for the 24 course meal. Should have heeded the warning to NOT get the wine flight. They don't skimp on refilling your glass. We were so full and uncoordinated I felt like someone needed to carry me out of the restaurant. The service: impeccable. Our sommelier and waiter were charming and extraordinarily patient with us, considering we were the last ones to leave the restaurant and also were generally making asses out of ourselves. (See above statement about NOT GETTING THE WINE FLIGHT to make sure you do not end up us.) Playing Lady Gaga loudly over your iPhone for 30 seconds and asking what wine goes best with Filet-O-Fish is probably something that would get you kicked out of an establishment like this, yet somehow these folks managed to remain friendly and down-to-earth-best-Midwest-nice-without-being-overbearing. Also, who would have thought it, but this is fine dining at its most accommodating: 1. One of our party is vegan, and the kitchen made all 24 of his courses vegan friendly. I was extremely impressed with the results. For example, when the rest of our group got the infamous "bacon on a swing" dish, our veg friend got a dish that looked exactly like it. It was an apple slice, carved to look like a piece of bacon. Yes, I am easily amused. 2. If Grant Achatz is there, he will sign your menu. (Squeal now, foodies!) And even if he isn't, apparently you can ask for him to sign it anyways and then Alinea will mail it to you. Don't say I didn't warn you: anything you eat for weeks after going to Alinea is just going to taste like unflavored oatmeal.
