I headed across Chicago after a conference to have the four courser that was featured on the travel channel, what a mistake. We arrived for lunch on a weekday and were promptly greeted by the bartender who appeared to be the only person working that day. She was VERY friendly but since she was working the bar and the tables we received lukewarm service at best, this was not her fault, as I mentioned she was very nice but was running around the whole time trying to serve everyone. We ordered wings, both tangy BBQ and buffalo, and after about 25 minutes a humongous platter of wings arrived. They were extremely dark and tasted like someone had burt two inches if breading on them in a blast furnace. The coating was very hard and crunchy, not crispy, but very tough and crunchy, we're it not for the buffalo sauce softening them up I am not sure they would have even been edible. Unfortunately the BBQ sauce could not save the second order, they tasted like burt toast. When asked how we liked the wings we said they tasted really overcooked and sent the BBQ wings back as indelible but were charged anyway. The four courser arrived cold, the deep fried jalapeos were chewy and tasted like they had been cooked that morning and the waffleized mac and cheese was also cold and absolutely tasteless, like a slab of room temperature starch. I am not sure how a person can make mac and cheese with no flavor but they somehow managed to pull it off. Finally the pork was OK but had no seasoning that I could taste, and I feel like a lot of restaurants over salt things. At the end of the meal we got a bill for $65.00 for two, both of us drinking soda, three appetizers and two sandwiches. We tried to ask the bartender why we were charged for burt food that was sent back but another server showed up at some point and they were too busy loudly discussing the server's party night. We were extremely disappointed as our hopes were high going in, even if it were just OK I would have been fine but this was a very bad experience except for the delicious fries and amazing deep friend cheese curds.
