What can't I say about this place? The food and service is excellent!! The food may be pricey to some with your average premier dinner costing about $45.00 a person. However the amount of food you get is enough to feed you for a whole day. Having just recently celebrated our 1 year anniversary plus taking my wife here for her birthday for the past 7 years, this place is the best. Would strongly suggest this place for anybody to take their significant other to. It is dimly lit, with a person playing Spanish acoustical music quietly. Perfect for an intimate conversation. If you order the premier dinner they start you off with a basket full of apples, grapes, and small pieces of bread to dip in their signature cheese. I am not much of a cheese person but this cheese has the most incredible taste. During this time you also receive a Salad which is tasty as well. Once you are finished with this appetizer your main plate is brought out. If you order the international which is my favorite you get 3 pieces of chicken, beef and 2 pieces of shrimp. I'm addition you get potatoes onions and other veggies to cook in the oil. You also receive 9 different sauces to dip your cooked meet or veggies into. The sauces range from a garlic butter, BBQ sauce, tyriacki, dill, roasted pepper plus others. After dinner you are offered free coffee which is by far the best coffee I have ever tasted. Then for the finale they bring out a basket of marshmallows, pieces of cake, pineapples, apples, bananas and cherries to dip in a warm bowl of chocolate. They first set the top of the chocolate on fire so you can roast the marshmallows.  Also for those that love wine, Geja's has a variety of different wines to have with your meal. You have the option of buying a glass or a bottle. Bottles range from $40-$100+ dollars while a glass can cost you $6-$16 dollars. This place blows The melting Pot out of the water. If you are looking for a very romantic dinner whether a first date or married for years, please try this place. It is very unique and highly suggested!!!
