My Oldest daughter woke up yesterday morning asking me if we were going to meet the beautiful Indian Lady at the restaurant. I realized my daughter was asking me about the India House restaurant we went to last weekend, and the girl who greeted us and seated us at our table. Both my daughters were amazed by her Indian Costume and she was supernice talking to our daughters and answering their questions, so they now think we would go there every Saturday as they heard me telling the girl as she was seeing us off that we will be going back there for sure. This was our First experience to Indian Food as a family, even though my Husband had tried it several times before, and it was his strong recommendation that finally made us decide to introduce Indian Cuisine at India House to our kids. I agree he made a great choice. The Food was delicious, and our daughters loved the Nan bread and the Chicken dishes. The Service was excellent. We informed the girl who seated us about our kids and my first experience to Indian food, and she ensured us the Chef could make the food mild for us, still retaining the flavor. The waiters were very attentive and helped us out with great recommendations for first timers. My Husband went for the spicier dishes, and he was enjoying it. I tried some of his dishes and they were really good. I think I am now ready to try spicier Indian dishes, so we would love to go back soon. The kids enjoyed the Mango drink called lassi, and they also have a great choice of Wines for adults. The Indian Ice cream Kulfi was delicious too. Even the Valet Parking team was good, as they were ready with our Car when we came out of the restaurant, so we did not have to wait in the Cold Chicago Weather. The only thing I hope they had different is their lighting style. The ambience is great in dim light, but it makes it hard to read the Menus, especially for beginners who would like to read the description of the dishes. I wish they turn up the lights by a notch so we didn't have to squint looking at the menu. But I have seen this at a lot of other upscale restaurants too. I hope they all realize the guest perspective on this issue and would do the needful to make a change. Overall - Great place for a Great evening. Try it out and enjoy yourselves.
