I finally made it to Publican after hearing so much about this venue from others; I went to the Saturday brunch with my wife and my parents who were in from out of town. We opted for the al fresco dining as though it was unusually hot and humid for May in Chicago, the outdoor area is protected from the sun. Our server Antonio took good care of us and all four us enjoyed the meal. I did peek inside and it was really modern and chic looking; the bathroom is funky and definitely worth checking out and I loved the ceilings and wallpaper. I had heard from several people that they consider Publican to offer the best brunch in Chicago; though after dining here North Pond still is number one in my book, I definitely can see how others would view Publican as tops. The menu is creative with lots of interesting and upscale options featuring seasonal cuisine. What is fun is that the Saturday and Sunday brunch menus are completely different from one another, so you can either take a peek online and choose the day that has the menu most appealing to your palate or you have a built in excuse to come here twice. Everyone at our table liked their dish of choice; my father ordered the pork schnitzel served with a waffle (and proclaimed it was the best schnitzel he had ever had), my mother and wife both selected the soft-scrambled egg focaccia and I went with the chorizo flatbread topped with a fried egg, cucumbers, mint, fresno chiles and cumin raita. You know a menu is exotic when the Yelp spellchecker is trying to inform me that five of the foods I just mentioned are misspelled (though surprisingly it did approve schnitzel). The table shared the Burton's maple syrup braised Publican bacon which consisted of two very large, thick pieces of juicy and tasty pork belly. Publican's brunch is definitely gourmet and everything is elevated from your typical bacon and eggs type fare. Portions are fairly generous and the price point is quite reasonable (most dishes run $10 to $15). Brunch at the Publican also has nice beverage options; if you are in need of some java they offer a bottomless cup or a French press (Intelligentsia has created a blend exclusively for Publican). There are fresh squeezed juices, rare teas and of course adult beverages. I had the Bloody Mary which came with a choice of a sidecar of one of three craft beers. The Bloody Mary mix is house-made as are the added celery bitters. The Bloody was nice and spicy and had an attractive appearance with lots of asparagus spears and cucumbers protruding, but I found that the pickling of these veggies did not have the most pleasant taste. There are some other fun breakfast cocktails and my wife loved the Gin and 'Treuse (featuring green chartreuse) and my mother enjoyed a Mimosa. While brunch at the Publican did not blow me away, it certainly was very good and well worth experiencing if you want to try a high quality elevated play on typical brunch. My experience was definitely positive enough that it left me craving more and I will have to make it back to Publican in the near future to try dinner; if I lived in the West Loop I would be a regular here for brunch.
