Rick Bayless is truly the Godfather of Yucatan/Mexican cuisine. I have been a huge fan of his since my teens (having purchased the Frontera Grill line of salsas and hot sauce growing up), and now I can finally say that I've tasted his amazing food first hand. And perhaps die a happy gal, too. Seriously, though, the food at Frontera Grill is unlike that I've ever had at any Mexican restaurant in the past. Trust me, I've had my share of authentic Mexican food. While Bayless' food isn't exactly 100% authentic by any means, it is absolutely perfect because he embraces the most pronounced flavors and nuances about Yucatan cuisine and elevates it to a whole other level. Everything here is sophisticated in terms of flavors and execution, yet still approached for the everyday diner. Knowing that Frontera Grill can get awfully packed during peak dining hours, the bf and I popped in for Saturday brunch a little after 10:30am. It was a good thing we came early, because a massive line had already congregated in the waiting area as we were leaving just before noon. The brunch menu is also a very affordable way to experience Bayless' food, as most menu items fell within $6 to $20. Portions were incredibly generous as well, unlike most other semi-nice restaurants operated by celebrity chefs. - Bajio-style eggs: I ordered this very brunchy dish consistinz of two perfectly poached eggs in crispy masa boats, black beans, and homemade chorizo in a creamy green poblano sauce. The poblano sauce was smooth and just slightly creamy, impressively balanced with a delicate hint of spice that didn't overwhelm the rest of the ingredients. I really loved that the masa cakes had some body, really holding up to the sauce and toppings. The eggs were impeccably poached as well, with the whites just slightly coddled but not completely solidified. It was all around a fine dish, and definitely one of the best egg dishes I've had in a while. - Enchiladas with steak & eggs: this was the bf's entree choice, mostly because it seemed a little more appropriate for brunch than the more popular chicken enchiladas with mole. He really liked the flavor of the dish, especially as he normally isn't a fan of enchiladas due to the oftentimes overly watery and bland sauce. The roasted tomato-serano chile sauce lightly ladled over these bad boys were nothing like that - the red sauce was flavorful and complex and nothing short of amazing. Even I enjoyed the tender and flavorful steak wrapped inside the fresh corn tortillas, as beef normally doesn't appeal to me nor does tough preparations of carne asada. Besides our stellar brunch entrees, our friendly waitress was also kind enough to bring a small dish of Chef Bayless' famous mole to try. The dark mole was so complex and robust in flavor that even one tiny spoonful was enough to send my tastebuds into overdrive. I could've sworn that the cinnamon, nutmeg, chocolate, and various seeds and spices were doing the cha-cha in my mouth. Everything about my first experience at Frontera Grill was magnificent. Ok Don Bayless, you've made me an offer I can't refuse.
