so good, SO good, SO GOOD!! I went to Alinea and of course, did the tour. I just feel like if you are going to come here and spend the $$$, you might as well go all out. However, instead of doing the wine pairing, my boyfriend and I each got 4 half glasses (2 whites and 2 reds each) and shared them. I was honestly full by course 8 (luckily I willed myself to ignore my hater stomach), so I am glad that we did not do the wine pairing.  Courses I loved: Roe (1) - osetra with a clear gel that tasted like lemon, capers, and dill; brioche foam; creme fraiche; egg yolk emulsion Pork Belly (2) - A shot of lemongrass, fish sauce, and chili peppers - distilled so not spicy - the "thai distillation" part. Then a plate with iceberg lettuce compressed with cucumber; pork belly confit and banana in a coconut curry sauce; avocado puree and basil seeds; dot on the plate of "chili sauce" - cayenne / bell pepper pudding. Like an amazing lettuce wrap! Lilac (4) - Basically the creamiest, most delicious seafood chowder with perfectly cooked scallops and clams, lilac-scented discs, celery, fennel, and honeydew foam and melon balls. Perfection!! Sweet Potato (9) - Tempura fried sweet potato - creamy on the inside and crunchy on the outside. You suck the sweet potato puff off of an aromatic cinnamon stick burning at the other end. (my BF's fave) Hot Potato (11) - The flavor of potato, parmesan, and truffle was delicious. I wish the dish was larger as it was definitely one of my absolute favorites.  Wagyu Beef (15) - Tender and marbled with fat. Loved the "salt and vinegar chip" Bubble Gum (18) - Tube filled with hibiscus jelly, creme fraiche, and orange gel (bubble gum tapioca pearls). You suck everything out of the tube all at once. It was so pretty I didnt want to ruin it. But VERY delicious! Chocolate (21) - The taste of this dessert was pretty good, but when Grant Achatz himself makes it for you on your table, it becomes a favorite. Cool, cool experience and presentation. If I could, I would give this place 4.5 stars because my boyfriend would start blowing smoke out of his ears if I only clicked 4 stars for this place. It was amazing and unlike any restaurant I have ever been to...but it's not Schwa. I love the rawness of Schwa, and this place made me feel anxious because of the laser-like precision with which the food is served. Dont get me wrong, the service is top-notch and does everything perfectly, but I prefer a more laid-back vibe when I am supposed to be enjoying myself. The food is fun and playful, so I think the servers should be as well.  Overall, amazing!! I would go back tomorrow if I didnt have to pay rent every month.
