Pig has come along way since the 'Other White Meat'. The Purple Pig is a testament to these new times. The restaurant is located right on Michigan Avenue, but don't let that deter you. You won't feel like you're at the epicenter of Chicago's tourist hub. The restaurant is always packed with patrons either sipping on wine outside on the patio or savoring on shared plates of the ubiquitous charcuterie that seems to be dominating menus these days. You won't find tourists in here. The 'Pig' is one of many restaurants that have embraced the trend towards communal 'tapas' style dining. The Spotted Pig in NYC - arguably the originator of this - taught savvy diners that food tastes much better with a little pig thrown in. More importantly, that restaurant dismissed the notion that dining couldn't be social and have serious food at the same time. Now, it seems like everyone knows what Iberico Ham is. Hipsters flock to restaurants that serve headcheese, tripe, and chicken livers. The food at the Purple Pig is a cross between Italian - Spanish - Mediterranean. The dishes come in tapas portions and are mostly designed for sharing. I think the portions work well for 2. Once you share among 3 or more, you risk enjoying a respectable mouthful of what the Chef had probably intended. The food here is good. Nothing blew me away. Then again,I am a sucker for egg yolks, grilled crostini, and pork. If you love any of those three things you will leave a happy client. We had: - Braised Baby Artichokes with Fingerling Potatoes, Asiago & Salami Toscana (artichokes were okay, but the potatoes were perfect) - Mixed Greens with Feta, Radishes & Red Wine Mint Vinaigrette (Have to like radishes and mint to enjoy) - Roasted Bone Marrow with Herbs (Can't have enough Bone Marrow) - Jamon Serrano with Duck Egg, Asparagus & Grilled Bread (Lick Lick Lick your plate good) - Wagyu Sirloin Tip with Charred Green & White Asparagus, Spring Onions & Piquillo Peppers (Hmmmmm!) The bottom line is that this place is a really fun and social place to chat over a glass of vino and some delicious small plates of food. The dining room feels like you're in someone's $100,000 country kitchen. The wine list has a good selection with many appropriately priced bottles. You are better off sharing a bottle of wine than ordering by the glass though. That isn't such a bad thing! I had heard so much about this place. I finally went. As they say on Facebook...I liked it.
