I used to love Coast, and it's been a long time since my husband and I have been there so we decided to try it out again on a random weeknight. We were told the wait would be 30-45 minutes, which is a long time but hey, good for them for being so packed! We waited in the waiting area and asked the host if he could chill our champaign - he curtly told us we would get a chiller when we sat at our table....ok fine. So with the long wait, and since we couldn't have our bottle chilled, we decided to open it and have a drink while we waited (we all know what happens when a cold bottle of bubbly warms up and then you open it - wanted to avoid that!). My husband asked the same tall, curly haired host if we could get 2 wine or champaign glasses, he gave us 2 warm water glasses. Not a big deal, but we were drinking some pretty good bubbly and I wanted something with a stem. So I asked him for 2 wine glasses, his response: you'll get them when you sit down. Yes, I know - but we're drinking it now, and will bring it with us when we sit down. He rolled his eyes, huffed and said to hold on while he gets them. Excuse me?? I am not being demanding here. He was a pretentious jerk who didn't seem to like his job in the least. On the bright side, we only had to wait about 15 minutes before we were sat. Out waitress was very friendly and helpful, and we ordered a bunch of rolls that we remembered we loved. Now I said before that I haven't been to Coast in a long time, and when we started eating our food I remembered why. Coast maki is the kind of maki that beginners like, or people that don't really like fish like. It's the kind of maki that's drenched in fried tempura and mayo sauces that while it is quite tasty, you cannot taste the fish (except for the Creamy roll - yum). In addition, the portions are so small that we were left hungry (after ordering a lot). For example, the White Dragon that was always my favorite roll - it's basically a roll covered in tempura with eel and mayo sauce on it - well that's all I tasted, if I didn't see the ingredients on the menu I would have no idea what was actually inside of it - and for $14 (I think) it was the exact same size as the regular rolls. Perhaps my tastes matured? Maybe I've had truly good sushi too many times to think that Coast food is actually good (compare Coasts White Dragon to Oysy's White Dragon and you'll see what I mean)? I don't know, but while I liked it (heck, I like fast food sometimes too) it was not what I consider to be maki. So, while the dcor is absolutely lovely and the byob aspect is great, I will probably not return to Coast as I know what good sushi is and it's not at Coast.
