My husband stayed here for a little birthday get-away from our apartment. Got a steal on Priceline. I guess I was just not that impressed. Pros: Beautiful modern lobby, extremely comfortable beds (I slept SO well and woke with no aches), and immaculately clean rooms. New carpet and linens. Extremely friendly service at the front desk, and check-in was a breeze. In addition to the standard bar of soap, shampoo and conditioner, they give you a travel size toothpaste. Gotta take pleasure in the little things, right? :) Cons: Expensive parking - but if you're like me and not willing to pay $35+ per night, you can find free street parking a few blocks away, on the west side of McCormick place. For a 4-star hotel, the room decor was pretty lackluster, the furnishings were updated, but not such that I felt like I was in a 4-star hotel. No bathrobes, no showercap, no bath mat, no tea bags, no fridge, no complimentary high speed internet. Poor TV channel selections, and though we're pretty tech-savvy, it was impossible to figure out how to order a movie (although the girl at the desk mentioned we could do that and charge it to the room). When we checked in, I asked the girl at the front desk if we could get a room with a view of the city, and she did manage to get us up pretty high (17th floor) but on the south side of the building, so all we had was a view of McCormick place and a little bit of lake, really. My husband and I noticed on our way out that most rooms on the north side probably don't have a good city view anymore, because there is a new building being constructed right next to this one blocking the skyline. Overall, the Hyatt Regency just doesn't seem to be my flavor of hotel. I'm sure it's perfect for the business traveler attending a convention at McCormick, but I wouldn't dare pay retail price for it and I probably won't recommend it to my friends if they were visiting Chicago.  Hint: Get good at Priceline's 'name your own price'... I got this hotel at 70% off!
