Love this place! Great cocktails, great food, great place to come with friends, share some delicious small(ish) plates and relax. The waitstaff is a little snooty (or that might just be the remains of my hipster-hatred from having worked in Williamsburg for 2 years), but the food is way more memorable than the service. I've been here several times- it's super popular and busy now, but I went a few times in the summer and it was far less crowded before all the buzz. Last visit: The Shrubbery was awesome! Sweet, refreshing, and packed a fair kick. Also, my friend ordered a hot toddy and it was unexpectedly delicious. They have a decent beer list and a lot of fairly cheep whisky. My female friend and I shared: scallops with braised oxtail and truffle gnocchi, buffalo frog legs with aerated blue cheese, lobster parfait with bacon, and tete du cuchon with fried duck's egg and a parsley shallot salad. Our third dinner companion was a vegetarian and had: pretzel with cheese, and butternut squash risotto. Everyone left full and happy. The scallops, the frog legs and aerated blue cheese, and the tete were my favorite on this visit, as they were in the past. I think the other times I dined there the scallops had a different preparation, but were equally delicious. I also loved the marrow on another visit, but my friend and I didn't want to offend our vegetarian companion TOO much (our meat orgy already had 8 different animals represented, and I didn't want to add carving marrow out of actual bone). I wasn't super impressed with the lobster parfait- the lobster meat was a tad tough, and the other main component of the parfait was some sort of sweet root vegetable puree that was a little too sweet and mealy for my taste- something saltier or creamier would have been more pleasant. The only other dish I have ever been disappointed by was some sort of sashimi dish that fell flat both in presentation and in flavor complexity. Other than that, "snacks," small plates, entrees, desserts and cocktails have all been very pleasing. A pleasant surprise from the last visit: an amuse bouche of a creamy soup with crab and smoked bacon. Very delicious,
