Alinea was magical. I surprised my boyfriend by flying him to Chicago and treating him here for his 25th birthday, and we both agreed it was the best meal of our lives (and we've been to Charlie Trotter's, L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon, Chez Panisse, etc.). Even though we ordered the 12-course tasting, we actually got a bunch of extras that brought our total to a very generous 18 courses each (plus a special chocolate birthday dessert for my boyfriend). Favorites were the black truffle explosion, hot potato cold potato and the melt-in-your-mouth Wagyu beef, which was accompanied by a gourd that billowed A-1-scented smoke (really!) onto our table while we ate. Even the little things, such as the goat's milk butter that was served with the selection of bread, were wonderful. One of the most special parts of the evening was when Grant Achatz himself came out and personally prepared a dessert at our table that was inspired by a Jackson Pollack painting. He basically threw ingredients - including blueberries, maple and chocolate mousse - into an artistic heap that we then ate directly off the table (it was covered with a special material). I was totally starstruck when Grant came out, but he was very nice and chatted with us while he prepared the dessert. The service at Alinea was outstanding - attentive without being overbearing, informative without coming off as pompous. The ambiance was also a nice surprise - I was worried it would be stuffy and quiet, but guests were clearly very comfortable and the restaurant had a nice formal-but-fun air to it. At the end of the meal, we were presented with beautiful customized menus that took into account the different dishes we had for some courses (my boyfriend doesn't eat pork) and listed our wine pairings (we got nine wines total) under the courses they were served with. My boyfriend's menu even came with a special birthday message, which was a nice touch. I've wanted to go to the French Laundry for years, but now I'm thinking it will be very difficult to top this experience. Chicago becomes an even better city with the presence of Alinea.
