I had a Groupon burning a hole in my pocket so I asked a friend to join me. He happened to unknowingly pick the night of my birthday, Score! I arrived at the appointed hour and they were very nice about his late arrival (due to cab issues, not his fault). She offered to pour my champagne while I waited (it was BYOB) but I held out to enjoy it with the food. At the start they asked me if we had any food allergies or special requests, and I repeated what I had informed them in advance and she remembered, I wanted pescatarian. These were our courses: 1- gnocchi, my friend's with rabbit and mine without. Delish. 2-Porcini mushroom bisque with unami, crsipt beets, asparagus slaw, and this tiny bread and butter thing to be eaten in one bite like a shot.The soup was a little lukewarm but everything tasted so good I didn't even really care. That bread n butter shot was very cool. 3-Baby octopus, lobster takoyaki, kabayaki, winter melon, and japanese pickles. I have to tell you, I was afraid of this one, because I normaly am disgusted at even the sight of octopus, let alone the taste, but I was very pleasantly surprised, it was was pretty good. And lobster, well, nuff said. Yum. 4-Scallop-Crab motoyaki with scallion crisp and carrots. Served beautifully in the half shell, one of my favorite dishes of the meal. 5-Barramundi, buttermilk and thyme over blood orange polenta with date and parnsip chutney and a chipotle-shochu drizzle. I am now inspired to try the polenta at home, such a unique and fabulous twist. Fish, cooked perfectly. 6-My friend had the venison sous vide with oxtail and marrow sauce, winter root vegetables and crunchy soba spaetzle. I had the same accoutrements but with escolar. Again, cooked perfectly and wonderful. 7-Cheesecake bite. so good, and I am not a cheesecake fan. I could have eaten many more of these. 8-A deconstructed PB&J: Carmelized brioche, macadamia butter macaron, raspberry red pepper jelly, a dark chocolate mousse, and then one other macadamia nut spread thing (I can't remember exactly what it was, it must be because I was deliriously experiencing a flavorgasm) If you read my reviews, you know by now I am finicky and seldom give 5 stars, but I don't have anything negative to say about the food or the service here, except that I probably won't get back there soon enough. Unless you want to take me. I will bring the bubbly!
