went to Publican this past Sunday for brunch with out of town guests. first time here. knew it would difficult for them to live up to all the hype.  Decor: beautiful and earthy. love all the wood, the lights, and the cool booths that make you feel like you're in a corral! only thing i don't care for is the pictures of pigs hanging on every wall...i dont want to be looking at what i'm eating. Food: apparently the menu changes often, so they did not have the fantastic white german sausage i had been told to order. in fact, they didn't have that much meat in general on the menu, which i was kinda looking forward to. i ordered the baby squash dish. consisted of: 2 fried eggs, squash, zucchini, feta cheese and salami (which was in reality 3 pieces of paper-thin sliced pepperoni). came with 3 triangles of burnt toast (which were still yummy but i lost half the toast after peeling off the black crusts). the meal was very tasty and fresh, and nice and light. however, usually when i go for brunch, i want a lot of food and something with a lot of goodness = fat. the Publican is more of a gourmet, fresh, light fare than anything that will cure a hangover or starving belly. i wouldn't imagine that many guys would like this place because they would be leaving hungry.  my friend ordered the frittata and wasn't at all pleased, although it looked good, she said it lacked flavor (and this girl is happy with everything so i trust her completely). even after dousing it with salt and pepper, she still didn't care for it. i did try another friend's hash browns which were delicious - i will order these next time. Service: the food took a long time to come out and nobody even ordered any meat or anything that would take a while to cook. we had a party of 4, there were probably only 20-30 other patrons in the whole restaurant (about 25% occupancy i would guess) and took about 20 mins for the food to come out after ordering. our waiter was kind of strange, not friendly but not rude, just not personable. the hostesses were very nice though. Bathrooms: freezing as a meat locker but really neat concept. separate mens/womens stalls with the largest wooden doors i have ever seen, but communal round stone large sink with the perfect temperature water and good smelling C.O. Bigelow soap/lotions. i will go back to Publican to try it for dinner (i was impressed and anxious to try the extensive beer list). i likely will not be back for brunch, as i would prefer something more akin to Orange, Bongo Room or Tempo.
