Seasonal Local Organic Food + Cool Musical Vibes + Chilled-Out Atmosphere = Uncommonly Fantastic! This way my first time at Uncommon Ground....I went with a large group to see a friends jazz band perform...I really really really liked the food, the atmosphere and of course the band :) I had the filet.....and it was f-ing delicious!! Came with some greens and some crispy little potatoes mixed in....absolutely perfect....I dare say as good as if not better than any of the big steakhouses....and for $25....it was a deal....ka-ching!! Bf got the burger....I was originally going to get this but they didn't have tomatoes b/c they're out of season and for whatever reason I must have juicy tomatoes on my burger.....I tried it....it was good....but totally needed tomato :) Bf traded up (you should do the same) and got the sweet potato fries which were incredibly good I also got to sample some of the Korean spiced calamari....which again...crispy, tasty and spicy but not crazy so. Ohhhh....I must make a mention of the yummy cocktail I had about 4 of.....the lemon-ginger martini.....I would come back just for this......seriously. So while the food was incredible....and our server was nice....we did have a little mishap.....which left us all a bit salty. Our original rezzie was at 9pm (show started 10-ish)....but apparently they called my friend to move us to 9:30....no problem on our end....when we got there they said we should sit right away....again fine... and once most of us were seated told us the kitchen closed in 30 minutes so we had to get our order in pronto! Again, we were all totally cool with that and very hungry so we ordered. Food comes, show starts and not once during the show did our server come back to ask if anyone needed drinks or to ask if anyone wanted to order dessert before the kitchen closed. So when she finally does come by the table, my friend asks to order dessert (he was dying to try the s'mores tart) , she says sorry the kitchen closed....and that was it....no offer to get anything else and not really that apologetic. It wasn't the end of the world.....but just really boo on her part....she should have come around and asked if anyone wanted anything before the kitchen closed....it's just what you do as a server. Overall....Even with the service faux paux I'm still giving Uncommon Ground 4 big fat stars.....the food is so so good and I love that it's all organic, local and seasonal PS: they have a garden on their roof-top...how awesome is that???
