So I am sitting around a gay bar in Boy's Town with my wife, my buddy and his girlfriend. We had just witnessed our other buddy's little boy get his shmeckel snipped! Naturally, the conversation turned to food. I started showing my buddy pictures from my recent trip to Colombia when it hit me; "I need a motherfucking Bandeja Paisa!" I actually Yelped the closest Colombian fare and Las Tablas was the victor. Upon entrance I noticed a lot of empty tables, yet a lot of people waiting. When we finally did get seated - which didn't take too long, we were there @ 7:30 on a Friday - I realized we were surrounded by big parties. Well, it took quite some time for anyone to stop at our table, 20 minutes, and when they did, they were harried and short (no not physically ya dunce). Ten minutes later another guy came up and said, " I see you ordered some appetizers, my name is so-and-so and I will be your server tonight." They need to cut that phrase out of the restaurant lexicon! Anyhow, we ended up ordering our entrees sensing the serious delay we were about to experience. Rant portion: When you have multiple big parties, as a server you still need to pay attention to your two-tops and four-tops (fuck a three-top). Furthermore, as a restaurateur, you need to think about this: Who is more likely to remember your food, service and dcor, the 20-top chatting away and pounding liquor, catching up on old times and not paying attention to their surroundings? Or the two-top couple who have time to notice the pace of service and the quality of food more because they don't have 18 other people to defer to? I choose the latter. And there seems to be a lot of big parties here. Reminds me of Ron of Japan in that way... On to the true test of a restaurant, the food! The empanada was good and the other app that we ordered, patacones pisado, was most excellent and most cheesy. The aji - the more liquidy green sauce on the tabla - was great too. As I stated earlier, my thoughts ran and always do, to to Bandeja Paisa. So that is what I ordered with my meat medium rare. My wife ordered the Matrimonio with her steak medium, which the inexperienced waiter said would be cooked through due to the thinness of the meat... The two dishes came and mine was well done, due to the thinness of the cut, and my wife's was bloody, due to the thickness of the cut. Now a Bandeja Paisa is a pretty, pretty, pretty hearty! So there is a lot to delve into. Immediately I noticed that the steak was so salty it pruned my tongue... I sent it back only by practically tripping the waiter to get his attention. Yea it was that bad; the drinks we ordered never came despite the fact that the waiter told us he was going to get them two different times. The funny thing was that it looked like they were amply staffed, but there were too many inexperienced jackasses, too timid to do their jobs properly! So I sent the steak back, something I never do. Everything else on the plate was more than fine though: arroz, huevo, frijoles, yucca, arepa, etc... My wife's dish was great and tasty. I really like the charbroiled taste to the meat with a little aji for the heat factor... I got my new steak back, no salt, but the waiter just threw it down and offered no apology just a, "Here it is, it's worth the wait!" He said that multiple times. Dude just say you are really busy and you are sorry about the (lack of) service. It is completely understandable to make an admission of that sort. So I know I will go back because I have a three- strikes policy - unless we are talking about a restaurant like Gio's or Jimmy's Charhouse - but it is fairly obvious that Las Tablas has some tasty food! In the meantime, for an alternative, check out my review for El Llano.
