San Soo Gab San is open super late, so why not go at 2am on a Wednesday with your best friend? You can possibly bring in a bottle of wine or 2 and keep said wine under your table. If your server thinks you will leave a decent tip, she may ignore your wine and bring you two empty cups. At least, I think this would work.The two of you will each have to order a meat dish, as 2 is the minimum for getting the grill brought out to your table. Dishes range from $15-$19. The ribeye is divine. The korean marinated beef- not so much. I think it's called bulgogi. It's like philly cheesesteak consistency beef and sounded good, but it didn't cook well. More on that later.....Service is ok, considering the extreme language barrier. Lots of pointing at the menu, smiling and nodding. The menu has everything written out in English, so ordering is fairly easy. However, don't expect much in terms of explaining the side dishes. Oh lord, where do I begin on the side dishes?You are sitting at your table, feeling bad that only two of you are taking up such a big space, when suddenly the parade of small dishes begins. I kid you not, you will be given a bowl of hot sticky rice, a dish of spicy peanut sauce, a large bowl of bean sprouts and garlic gloves, and 22 small bowls of Korean garnishes. Twenty-freaking-two people! (Yes, I counted them.) Too many to remember. Mushrooms, black beans, potatoes, omelets, marinated cucumbers, peppers, fish cakes, anchovies, zucchini....little bowl upon little bowl of things you've never seen before. And finally 3 large heads of romaine lettuce, rinsed and plated. Then they bring out your little grill and your meat and the fun begins.The grill is smokey and hot. Duh and duh, but it's really smokey and really hot, so don't be a wuss. The ribeye comes with a pair of scissors for you to cut it with. It's thick and perfectly marbled and yum. After cooking each piece, you dip it in the cup of marinade they give you. You then take a piece of lettuce, place meat on lettuce and add any of the little plated goodies. You then wrap lettuce up and eat with hands. Repeat until you are in a protein coma.Now, a major complaint is that the meat sticks to the grill. This wasn't a problem for the thick ribeye, however the thin sliced beef got stuck to the grill and was a pain in the ass. A lot of it ended up falling through. The attentive server noticed we were having problems and changed the grill top for us, but it did little to help. I will never order a thin cut of meat there again.All in all, an excellent adventure outside your typical late night dining options. Also, a great date place as you will be bonding in no time over making each other try all the crazy little extra sides. And a fun place to bring groups, as they have supercool long tables built into the floor for big groups that require you to remove your shoes. A little fun for everyone that wants to try something different and/or is still on Atkins.
