When I was a kid, I hated hot dogs; soft, flimsy, tasteless, cheap snacks they passed off on the non-discriminating kids. An Oscar Myers laid in a potato roll was O.K. for a neophyte, but I just could not stomach it. The boundary between sausage and roll was indiscernible and the taste homogenous. I know they paid that chubby kid tons to sing so happily of crappy meat products on T.V.   Then in my later years and owing to work, I had the good fortune to work with Vienna Beef, hot dog central of Chicago. At Vienna and in Chicago, the hot dogs are a world apart from home. Out there sausages are crisp on the outside and juicy on the inside. The extras too, are different and ketchup nearly never used. The loaded Chicago hot dog is topped with onions, electric green pickle relish, sport peppers, tomato slices, a dill pickle spear and celery salt. Wow!  Since we got the condo in Irving Park, I have been dying to get to the Zagat rated 25, HOT DOUGS.  FROM ZAGAT  Carnivores "wait in line" at Doug Sohn's "legendary encased-meats emporium", where there's "more seating" and better parking than at his original haunt but the same "lousy hours" (the kitchen closes at 4 PM); rest assured, though, that "it's worth" it for his "outrageously decadent sausage sandwiches", including more than a dozen "gourmet hot dogs" - no, it's "not an oxymoron" - ranging from "rabbit" to "rattlesnake"; P.S. he "puts the fry in Friday with his duck-fat fries" (available on Saturday too).  So when in Chicago early on a Friday, I mapquested the place and after scribbling on a pack of matches, set off for the "emporium."  At 1.9 miles it seemed walkable. I traveled it in Google Earth, but some 30 minutes into the walk, I figured it might have been more than I had been up for. I then planned to take a cab home.   I travel down Waveland, down Addison FOREVER passing the Mirabelle a German restaurant we found last Winter. An aroma of sauerkraut drifted from the back kitchen door as a blue van drove up, dropping off authentic German suds. Finally, to California St, past the White Castle and Com Ed, I could see it in the distance. And too the line.  Hot Doug's is about twice the size of a Subway and people lined the store out the door and down the street. It was hot and there were 2 vestibules of increasingly cooler air inside. After 20 minutes I made it into the inner sausage sanctum and to the menu board. CASH ONLY! The regulars were hot dog, Brats, Thuringer, Veggie, Hots, $2-3 and then the "specials board." Here the selection where more elaborate with Atomic Rib Eye, and Garlic, Pork Catalonian. These fetching about $7-9. I only had a twenty. Yeeks!  As it was Friday, duck fat fries were to be had at $3.50. WOW! I signed on for the fries, the Thuringer and spending away cab fare, the Catalonian Pork. I got them loaded. The Thuringer came "Chicago style" and the Catalonian with mustard and grated Asiago cheese. A taste of the Catalonian, sent me skyward. Truly, the best sausage I have ever had! The "Marty Allen" Thuringer nearly as good was the second best "encased meat" of my life. The fries good, pailed to the links. It was cab fare well spent. Belly full I enjoyed my lengthly walk home feeling like I had been to Heaven and back.
