Loretta R.Let me be perfectly clear. I travel a lot. Always have. But I can honestly say that this is the worst hotel I have ever seen. Not because it's old....heck, I'm old myself. But because the website gives the wrong impression as to what this facility has to offer. The rooms are especially horrible with paint sloshed over every single piece of hardware and dreadfully beat- up woodwork in need of sanding. The first room with a view of nothing but bricks was so awful that I asked for an upgrade. And I was given one..... for an extra $300.The ceiling in the large closet of my "suite" (and I use the term loosely), hit the floor and stayed there for the remainder of the visit.When I threw back the bed covers, what to my eyes should appear but an ant.Since I've been known to drop my purse on a restaurant floor, it occurred to me that I had brought it in myself.Wrong!The ants, who came through a hole in the wall, were also all over the living room carpet. When I complained to the night clerk, he said I must have left the window open. Does the place have a chef? No. Only a cook, who turns out truly mediocre food. My order for soy chicken was so salty that it was like chewing grit...and  the rice served with the dish was a small, rock-hard lump. I received freshly cook rice after I complained to the waitress. The whole thing should have never happened.Housekeeping?Oh yeah. That consisted of taking a swipe at the bathroom, making up the beds and vacuuming. Dirty cups and dishes were untouched and no replacements were provided. The dressers, tables and other furniture were never dusted.The workers striking for benefits?I couldn't bring myself to cross that picket line, so I had to walk an extra three blocks to get to my destination. Good reviews?They were written by the hotel owners.Bad reviews?Right on brothers and sisters. You have covered about everything else that I wanted to complain about.Is there nothing good?Of course. The concierge, the doorman and the regular staff were just wonderful. Kind and helpful to a fault.If you still want to stay there, ask for a room with a view of Grant Park. You will have to pay more, but it's worth it. Breathtakingly beautiful. Well, that's about it. Remember, I have no reason to lie. All the best.
