I have opened Pandora's Box (well in this case a SuperDawg Box) in finding a neat Chicago gem. You would think it belongs to the old Route 66 business community but it just existed during that era, 1948. I have been to Dog-N-Suds, Sonics, Checkers & A&Ws but none seem to compare to SuperDawg. I went here on a nice Saturday afternoon and found the owners in the parking lot directing cars to their respective spots. I loved when he would called each car by their color, "Hey White car back up. OK now Blue, veer left into that small space next to the fence." Ah, there's nothing like a business owner hard at work. The place has definitely seen better days, like the rain damage which makes it a bit difficult to read the menu, but its all part of the fun, unique dining experience. I loved the SuperDawg Box which comes with a worked up Chicago jumbo dog cushioned by super crunchy crinkle-cut fries. [For non-Chicagoans, the hot dog is: A steamed all-beef Vienna dog, dyed green relish, yellow mustard (no ketchup--but you can always quietly add it yourself like I do, shhh), onion pieces, a sport pepper, kosher dill pickle spear, a PICKLED tomato quarter (unique to SD) and all this topped with celery salt on a steamed poppy-seed bun]. Only $5, heck yes! The milk shakes are thick, chilled and yummy! The Chicago tamale was also quite delicious, even though it's usually not my "cup of tea." For those who are SD newbies like I was, here's how the drive-up service works: 1) Pull into a space (or be directed into one on busy weekend days) 2) Read the menu; Choose what you'd like. 3) Push the little black (now gray) button on the bottom left side of the menu. 4) Raise your window a tad while getting your money ready; Pay the runner. 5) When you're done eating, flip the switch on the bottom right side of the menu to call over the runner. I'd like to see this place shine at night but the life-size Super Dawg's red glowing eye's would scare me away. It wouldn't be the first since I would have appreciated a warning to turn my laptop's speakers down before viewing their website that screams "HI YA!". Yet, I am a still new fan! Next time I hope to try the sundae. Fill up a van and drive over to SuperDawgs to enjoy it for yourself!
