Our experience at Tru for New Year's was very underwhelming. While we had the pleasure of enjoying a world class meal several years ago under Rick Tramato's leadership, our most recent meal was very lackluster, especially for the close to $1000 price tag for 2 people. We did a 7 course NYE special dinner & only 1 of us participated in the wine parings. None of the courses were memorable, and there was 1 substitution that should have been a downright embarrassment. While my fellow diners enjoyed a course of lobster with truffles, I had 3 small fingerling potatoes with a couple onions....doesn't seem like a fair trade for someone with a shellfish allergy. Guess I should have just kept with the lobster & given it to my husband to enjoy. After 7 courses, I expect to be satiated, but I was still hungry and ate more bread than I ever thought would be needed to fill up. Not to mention, the courses were spread so far apart to make the time last (3.5 hours) that we were looking at our watches and even had the temptation to pull out our phones to pass the time waiting. The sommelier had decent wine pairings for the full tasting, but the recommendation for just a single glass of wine was way off. I've had a ton of excellent New Zealand Chardonnays, but the one she recommended tasted more like a bad Sauvignon Blanc...just the opposite of what I was going for. She didn't even come back to check whether we enjoyed the wine, especially since it took 4 courses get finally get it down. Had much better luck selecting my own bottle later in the meal, and it actually complimented the courses we were eating. The other thing that was odd was that when the sommelier poured the wines, she only gave 1/2 to 2/3 of a pour that a sommelier in any other restaurant would pour for a tasting. In fact, a couple times, the other servers poured the wine, and we were hoping to not see the sommelier again since she didn't add any value or information on what we were drinking. All in all, we did enjoy the atmosphere, the company of our friends, and the main waiter was a pretty nice guy, but my former love of Tru was ruined by an extremely overpriced NYE dinner that left a lot to be desired. For a better value, service, food quality, and wine selection, I would definitely stick with Girl & the Goat, Longman & Eagle, or (my current favorite) Alinea.
