This is a lovely hotel! The location was excellent for walking to destinations. I never had more than a $5 cab ride to anywhere, save the airport. There is a Walgreens across the street for the dental floss you forgot to pack and a whole foods across the other way for room snacks or a quick familiar bite. The roomservice/restaurant Elate was very good. I opted for breakfast in bed one day: french omlet (chervil is my new favorite herb), potatoes, toast, fresh squeezed OJ and coffee. It was about $25 for this luxury, but well worth it! The food was large in porportion, delicious, delivered, and you'd pay the same or more if you went out for breakfast anyways. The room was a bit small, but I wasn't planning on doing pilates or a dance routines in it or anything. The beds were beyond comfortable, and between the free wi-fi and TV programming(They even had HBO), floor to ceiling windows with great views and black-out curtains for those lazy hung-over vacation mornings-- I was more than content. There was a room safe, iron w/board, and hair dryer. I would suggest bringing your own hair dryer if you're a "hair" person, a lighter and a fan might dry your hair better than that little sucker did. And they take a ding in my book on the water pressure. It was one of those "tickle" showers. I think it's due to the overall conservation theme of the place. The provided mini products (shampoo, conditioner, body wash, bar soap, body butter) from the spa were definately thieving worthy-- I took home all the body butter I could get (they replenish them daily, whether you empty them out or not). The staff was nice--front desk people were a little stuffy, bartender was really sweet and made some fine beverages, but the valet/taxi guys were the best. They were all very knowledgeable in regards to what/where/when to do, just about anything you could come up with while in Chicago and are more than happy to get you a ride there or direct you by foot. They were cheerful and friendly every day, even in the rain.
