A group of us went to a beer and cheese tasting at Drinks over Dearborn and the beer experts brought up The Publican as having a great staff that knew their beer. Since the evening was going to be far from over we decided to make our way over there. The DOD staff recommended the pork rinds since it goes well with beer and the seasoning of it. We ordered that for the table and it was gone very quickly. Gone so quickly that we put in another order and it was gone just as quickly.  I ordered the boudin blanc which was okay, the sausage was not very flavorful and the golden raisin's sweetness overpowered any there was; the veggies were cooked to deliciousness though. I think the juices were soaked up by the veggies and that's where the flavor came from. The fried shrimp were okay. I found it weird to eat the shell didn't add to flavor and the extra crispy consistency was troublesome at worst. The bollito misto was also just okay, the sausage was the best out of the three: sausage, turkey and pork shoulder. The turkey though was really tender. We also had the last of the scallops and despite the fancy cooking, scallops are still just scallops, good but nothing of note. The mussels were okay, a little too bitter for my taste but the drippings made it. I am starting to think that I could probably live off of the drippings alone. My sister came late and after waiting around for our waiter to show up after saying the kitchen was closing in 15 minutes (we put the order in 7 minutes before closing) she got the frites with eggs, it was just fries with eggs. The chocolate souffle was delicious, the ice cream was smoked but I couldn't' really tell the difference. However, it was still a great choice. I got the waffle with honey butter and blueberry preserves, which is nothing special. It was just a waffle and blueberries The beer selection is terrific and if you need help navigating it you can always get the help from the servers who are nice but also strangely condescending; service with a smile but it seems like they're judging you. The bathrooms by the way are amazing with a big communal sink and individual rooms that a huge enough on their own. The entire dining experience actually was like eating in a medieval castle or something with the high backed chairs, the long wooden tables and high ceilings with low light. A fun night, with some interesting choices and good beer but some of the food, while inventive was not quite so enjoyable.
