Chicago q doesn't have bad food, just poorly executed BBQ. Let me preface this review with "I'm from Texas". So maybe this is phenomenal BBQ in some other style, but it'd get blown out of the water by "average" Texas joints. The BAD: Kobe brisket: 1. Barely any smokey flavor 2. Not cooked long enough -- I'm not sure how long this was cooked, but it wasn't enough. It was chewy and the collagen between the meat fibers was clearly very intact 3. Poorly cut -- Brisket is typically cut against the grain so it falls apart, this was cut along really long fibers 4. This wasn't Kobe beef -- This is just a general peeve of mine, but people throw around the word Kobe all the time when its not. Real Kobe is generally much more well marbled, and the cuts were very lean St Louis Ribs: Ho-hum. Very average texture, would have liked it a little more moist, but not the worst. The dry rub is boring, and again, same issue as the brisket... give me some smokey flavor please. Pulled pork: Brutal. It was dry and cold when it reached us. As if pulled far in advance and left out to dry. Tasteless and fatless. The GOOD: Hush puppies were excellent. Expensive fried batter can't save a review for bad BBQ for a BBQ joint though. The bread and butter pickles -- Free bread and butter pickles at the table were OUTSTANDING. Easily the best thing that was served to us. Sort of sad that the free pickles were the highlight. More comments: The 2 star rating is strictly for food, but the service was abysmal. We went on Sunday of Thanksgiving weekend at 2pm. I actually suspect our server was just having a crappy day, but he was short, unattentive, and provided dismal service. When asked for menu help, he clearly didn't want to help and wasn't very descriptive. Never stopped by to ask how the food was. We flagged him down once and he rushed off as soon as he could. Keep in mind, we were the ONLY customers in the back dining room at the time and he clearly wasn't busy. We had some food boxes and the contents of one of boxes was spilled into the bag so we had to ask for another bag. Service quality doesn't bear on my food review. This place is going to flourish in Chicago though because there are no nearby competitors, Lincoln Park types have a lot of excess disposable income, don't know the deliciousness that is real BBQ, and are suckers for nice decor (By the way, kudos for the great looking place. Feel like I just walked into a governor's mansion in Austin).
