I can't tell you how appreciative I am when a hot restaurant actually lives up to the hype. And when you have two alums from "Top Chef" preparing the food, you best believe a meal at Sprout involves a healthy dose of hype!  My wife and I had dinner at Sprout after making reservations through Village Vines, which got us a nice 30% discount on our meal. We dined in what looked like a sunroom, which was pleasant even though there was definitely no sun given the blustery winter conditions outside. Service at Sprout is good - efficient and non-intrusive. Our server was knowledgeable and genuinely enthusiastic about the food, which was a treat. Prices are on par with a high end restaurant -- $65/person for a 3-course prix fixe menu, which includes two additional "filler" courses. You can also order a la carte from the menu, which I suppose makes sense if you really wanted to multiple dishes from one of the three courses. But enough mumble jumble - onto more important things like ... the food! Wife's 1st Course - SCALLOP with beets, caviar and dill. The scallop was big and fat and very tasty. Who knew beets and scallops would make for a delicious combination? My 1st Course - FROG LEGS with mushrooms, escargot, potatoes and greens. The frog legs were battered and deep fried and basically tasted like fried chicken. If you knew how much I like my fried chicken, then you'd know this is a compliment in every way. Our 1st Filler Course - Pear parsnip soup topped with pear and thyme garnish. Parsnip might very well be my new favorite vegetable because this soup's flavor was amazing. My wife said she could "eat a whole bowl of it", which is remarkable considering how anti-soup my wife usually is. Wife's 2nd Course - LAMB with white beans, anchovies and sausages. Sprout's play on a cassoulet, this dish had its highs (delicious lamb) and its not so highs (salty beans). Out of all the dishes that my wife and I ordered, this was the one that garnered a collective "meh". My 2nd Course - VENISON with glogg reduction, chestnuts, cauliflower, Brussels sprouts leaves and figs. Stupendously delicious dish. The Glogg reduction matched well with the venison, which was cooked to a perfect medium rare. I oohed and ahhed after every bite. Hands down one of the best dishes I've had in a long time, up there with Blackbird's sweetbreads and Schwa's poached lobster. Our 2nd Filler Course - Grilled cheddar cheese with apples and mustard and a shot of boozy apple cider on the side. The dish ahd cheese both inside and outside of the bread. Cheesy goodness! Wife's 3rd Course - CORN dessert: brioche topped with corn niblets, popcorn, vanilla ice cream, crme anglaise and caramel. Looked a bit unappetizing (random of bits of corn and cream are usually not what I want to see on a plate at dinner) but it ended up being quite good. My 3rd Course - BEET dessert: chocolate ganache and a profiterole with goat cheese gelato both topped with beets, candied ginger, pistachios and chocolate sauce. The natural sweetness of the beets made them a logical ingredient for a dessert dish. If you like goat cheese, the gelato inside the profiterole will make you swoon. Word has it that the menu goes through a major overhaul every season so I'm definitely looking forward to going back to Sprout once the weather warms up. I didn't see Chef Dale Levitski or Sara Nguyen walking around, though my wife did see Chef Dale working in the kitchen. In any case, Sprout is as good as everyone says it is and definitely worth the trip. Highly recommended!
