Eh. My boyfriend and I saw Las Tablas featured on an episode of "Chicago's Best," and so we decided we'd have to give it a try. We love steak, and we like trying new places. If this is one of the best steakhouses in Chicago, then we figured we had to go. We called a week in advance and made their version of a reservation for 6:45 on a Saturday night. (Basically, your name, party number and time is put down a list, then you are bumped to the top of the list when you actually arrive at the restaurant.) We were nervous they wouldn't seat us in a timely fashion because we showed up 10 minutes late, but we were seated by 7pm. It took fifteen minutes before a waiter came to take our drink order, and I had to flag a staff member down in order to track down our waiter! When our waiter finally showed up he was apologetic and explained it was busy. Ya think? It's Saturday night! Our table went with a pitcher of their Colombian beer/champagne mix. That didn't arrive for another 15 minutes, and we saw our waiter mixing it himself at the bar (kudos to him, plus some points) because the bartender was engaged elsewhere. Maybe the pitcher of beer/champagne isn't supposed to taste like alcohol, but we were hoping to feel it a little. We didn't feel a thing. So, we went with a bottle of wine next...which took about 10 minutes to get. The food itself was fine. I ended up going with shrimp instead of steak and it was flavorful, but not the best food I'd ever had. I sampled my boyfriend's steak/chicken combination, and it was very tasty...but again, not the best ever. Our appetizers (their empanada sampler and chorizo) were also fine. The chorizo was my favorite dish by far. I'm biased toward chorizo...but really, it was very spicy and juicy! Nom nom nom. I should have had it as an entree. Given the slooooooooow service and weak drinks, I won't go back. My heart belongs to Tango Sur on Southport Ave. It's a Brazilian steakhouse instead of Colombian, but it's better food AND better service...and it is BYOB 7 days a week!
