Dining at Tru is luxurious experience where you pampered from start to finish. We were pleasantly surprised with the ambiance when we arrived; we had expected an old fashioned vibe but Tru manages to fuse classic and modern decor in a manner that works. The symbol of an open box on the menu, charger and elsewhere in the restaurant symbolizes that they will strive to keep taking care of you - and this was definitely case between the ultra attentive service to the never ending extra treats they bring to your table. Tru has a large open main dining room (where we dined) and two smaller rooms that are available for private functions. Our primary waiter thoroughly explained the menu. There is an a la carte option (choice of one of seven appetizers, seven entrees, and cheese cart service or dessert for $98 per/person), two tasting menus (Grand with six courses and Chef's Collection with nine for $110 and $145 respectively) and a menu of Luxury courses you can add to either the a la carte or tasting menus (i.e. Australian Wagyu, Perigord balck truffle shavings, a menu of caviars etc.). The Grand tasting menu is about the same quantity of food as the a la carte option, but you receive double the variety (six versus three courses). Entire table participation is suggested for the tasting menus, but not required. There was no pressure or hard sale to purchase the more expensive options or extras, but simply the information was presented. There also is a vast wine menu with a handful of wines by the glass, handful of cocktails and a plethora wines by the bottle. We opted for a relatively inexpensive bottle of bubbly (there are several bottles of wine priced from $45 to $60 and tons of high end wines for the connoisseur). As a nice touch they offer sparkling water in lieu of still for no extra cost. As there were a couple items on the tasting menus that we did not find appealing, and some of the a la carte options were singing to us went a la carte. I almost chose the Skate for my starter but at the last second selected the Pumpkin Gnocchi in a veal sauce with truffle oil. This dish looked, smelled and tasted phenomenal. For my entree I went the Wild Scottish Hare with Flavors of Winter; I had never eaten hare before so thought I would try something new. While the dish again looked beautiful I found the hare a tad too rich; not at all a fault of the chef, but I learned that hare is not my favorite animal. My wife ordered the prime beef ribeye wish I tasted and was an superb cut of meat and expertly prepared. For dessert we had seen the elegant cheese cart rolled about the restaurant and it had caught our fancy and we both opted for a cheese course. There is wide variety of French cheeses, goat, cow and sheep. The server spends a good deal of time carefully explaining each of the cheeses and you are permitted to each choose three; there are also some fruits, honey and bread to accompany the cheese. All six cheeses we chose were great. I decided to also order one of the desserts (Pumpkin Patch) in addition and am glad I did. The presentation was so beautiful I did not want to eat it at first; there were miniature pumpkins made out of mousse that looked so real; there also was a bruleed layer connecting the pumpkins and homemade chocolate twizzles. Tru is a fine dining experience and as such portions are on the small side, but there are so many complimentary extra treats you receive that you leave very satisfied. Prior to the appetizer we received two amuse bouches, one of which was very fun and memorable. We were informed that the chef wanted us to have some snow since it had been a mild winter and they put a bowl of liquid on front of you and pour a liquid into it and voila, it turns into snow! They then put a glass top over the snow and place a snowman made out of mousse on top. Then there is bread service (four different homemade breads and they will offer you seconds and thirds). After dessert they bring you a cart with several different small treats (i.e. homemade marshmallows, chocolate truffles, apple gummy candy etc.) and encourage you to pick as many as you want. Then they bring you an outstanding delicate piece of chocolate with the bill filled with liquid and on the way out hand you a homemade muffin to take home for breakfast. Service at Tru is also high end; you really feel pampered. Teams of servers present your food in unison. You are escorted to the bathroom. They want to make sure any allergies or personal preferences you have are accommodated. The pace of the meal is relaxed but not slow. While the servers are not quite as personable as those at Alinea, they are otherwise as polished as they come. Many people thought that Tru would be the recipient of a second star from Michelin and after my dinner there tonight I have to put myself in this camp. My wife and I both agreed that this was one of the best overall dining experiences we have and are certain to return.
