If I could do 3.5 stars I would. And to be honest, the food was wonderful, so I feel really bad about going with 3 stars here. I just think that compared to other Indian buffets I've gone to the increased price wasn't totally warranted. Perhaps that isn't fair though. And perhaps it especially isn't fair given that my most frequented Indian buffet is Mt. Everest in Evanston, which as a suburban destination should perhaps explain the $4 savings it affords. The buffet had a variety of selections, with fish, lamb, chicken, paneer and veggie dishes. There was also a station with salad items and chutneys, as well as a dessert station with gulab jamon, kheer and a mango ice cream (not sure what this was called). Also, the samosas were small, which was perfect for buffet portioning, and I really appreciated this. One of the best things about this buffet though, was that everything seemed to be plentiful and recently brought out. None of the dishes appeared to have coagulated from sitting under a heat lamp for a while, and there was no need to worry about taking the last of something (or not as much as you really wanted to take in order to avoid taking it all). The flavors of each dish I tried were very good. Nothing was incredibly spicy, but this wasn't a South Indian restaurant so I didn't find this terribly odd and wasn't bothered by it. The paneer makhani and saag corn were particularly delicious, and as I have never had saag corn before I was excited to try something new. I often go to Indian buffets and end up just eating one thing, either because it is a favorite and I can't tear myself away or because other appealing dishes look less than appealing in the given situation. However, this buffet really encouraged me to try multiple things because everything looked delicious. This might not sound terribly important, but I think that for a buffet it really is a mark of quality. I really can't say anything bad about this place. Everything was good. The only teensy complaint I might have is that the two tops on the upper level are a bit crammed together. Not a big deal by any means, but I had to actively try not to hear the conversation of the table sitting next to me. Again, this place was great. If I could eat more than a single plate of food or it was $13 instead of $16 I'd probably give it 4 stars and want to go once a week. (And I know, it's just $3 difference, but somehow when you edge closer to $20 than $10 for lunch, I start expecting miracles and gastronomic epiphanies).
