The first word that comes to mind is disappointing. Could not wait to visit Rick's place. Are you kidding me? Top Chef Masters winner? Walked about 40 blocks while visiting Chicago to get to his place from the Metra station. Was told 45-60 min wait, it actually took about 30 to sit 3 on the patio. The first thing we noticed is that there are a number of areas in the restaurant that are in disrepair. My wife said the restroom had a broken door, and had phone numbers written on the walls. The curtains were stained, and there was high dust throughout the establishment. The place sounded like a cafeteria, I know it was packed, but I dont think the experience was enhanced by me thinking a lunch room lady complete with hair net was plating up my food in the back. Try some sound dampening material on the walls Rick, take some of the money from the Hooters style merchandise counter at the front of the store. It was complete with T-shirts.........tacky Its about attention to detail. We ordered the Trio Trio Trio for an app.. Honestly, the shrimp cheviche was the only one that actually made us take notice. The tuna was flat, and the sunfish was VERY fishy. Two drinks: Mojito- WAY limey, had a nice muddle though. Margarita: other that the fact that it was 10 bucks, they didnt leave the shaker, and I got a small martini glass that consisted of maybe 3 swallows, it was pretty good. Should have stayed away from the salt though, it overpowered the drink. Entrees: I had the Quesadillas Norteas with duck and pickled onions. The only way I knew I was eating Mexican cuisine is because there were re-fried black beans on my plate. I found the duck to be good but it had no zing. I suggest they use a different cheese in the quesadillas (they looked like soft tacos to me), the sharpness of the cheese was a hindrance to the dish. The beans were, by far, the best thing on my plate. My wife had the Milanesa de Puerco: sold as a "crusted pork loin" what we got was a fried pork chop that was so thin it dried out to almost jerky on the edges from being fried. We expected to see a nice pork medallion that was crusted before roasting, served with a nice roasted tomato sauce/mole. What we got was a fried pork chop with alittle canned stewed tomatoes under it. Hugely under flavored. Again, the best thing on that plate was the black beans. My son got the Tamal special of the day. The masa was VERY soggy because the plate was way over sauced. There was no flavor to the dish except the sauce. No depth in the overall flavor of the entree. When we go to a place that is owned by a guy that is advertised the way that Rick is, we expect to be wowed. I wanna finish my plate and know that I cant do what that guy just did. Sadly, we didnt feel that way when leaving Frontera, what we did feel was raped. It was 104 with the tip for lunch for 3. Either Rick needs to spend more time in his restaurant, or he needs an executive chef that will follow his profiles and stay in the box Rick created. As I stated before, its about attention to detail, and Frontera lacks it. Once my wallet recovers, the experience will not be remembered. Too bad, I thought Tom Colicchio had a palate.
