I've been to Big Jones several times over the few years it's been open. It's been one of my show off finds to my out of town friends. Esp ones from the gulf coast who have then raved about the menu and the food. The service has always been friendly and quick to explain if there were any snafu's which of course can always happen. Once again I was bringing someone new to Big Jones expecting the usual great food and service. I was in for a surprise. We made reservations and got our table quickly with a choice of inside or outside. We were given our menus. And placed our orders. I ordered Peach Cobbler pancakes from our waiter. Our food was brought to us promptly but i was given pancakes with blueberries. Not the peach ones I had ordered. When I told the runner this was not what I ordered I was told "we don't have those anymore" and given a whiny "well I guess I can take it back if you really don't want those" I said no I don't want them. I ordered the eggs benedict instead. The waiter came out didn't apologize or explain why he did not know they were out of the peach pancakes. Our table had no salt at it and we asked for ketchup for the hash browns. The waiter walked to the next table which was empty and we asked for pepper as well and we got back and very snappy loud "OK" from him. The waiter returned with the salt and hot sauce not ketchup and we asked to see the manager. The waiter told us the manager had comp'd my meal. I asked to see him anyway based on the attitude we were getting from him and the runner. The Manager came out (who I have since found out is the excutive chef and co-owner) and starts in with I comp'd your meal. I explained the attitude I was getting from his staff and asked why the waiter nor the kitchen would not have known that the peach pancakes were no longer on the menu as of 2 weeks ago. He said the waiter wouldn't have known that it was the hostess' fault for giving us old menus. Has the waiter been there for less than 2 weeks? This menu is not Cheesecake Factory in length of menu. This is the worse service and "we're the phone company we don't care we don't have to" performance I have experienced. For the first time in 20yrs I didn't leave a tip due to the poor service. I also wrote on my check that I have been here numerous times and have never been treated like this. UPDATE November 28,2011: Mark, the other owner contacted me and apologized for the service I rec'd. He sent me a brunch complementary brunch certificate. I was able to go yesterday and once again Big Jones came through I took my partner back for the second try and my niece's bf's first visit. We were nearly seated at the section of the waiter that caused the last downfall. Without asking we were moved to a new section. The 3 of us that had been there last time heaved a sigh of relief.  The food and service were once again at bragging level. As we now live just around the corner Big Jones will definitely be on our regular dining and brunch must lists in the neighbourhood
