A delicious first experience with Korean BBQ. I went with a friend who was not familiar with the cuisine either. Since I haven't tried other Korean BBQ places I thought I should only give it 4 stars, but it was one of the best meals I have had for quite some time. We went on a Sunday around 9pm and didn't have to wait to be seated. And we spent around $50, but there were plenty of leftovers. We couldn't find parking, but there was plenty of parking on the side street right by it.We had the seafood pancake and I believe the kalbi (I feel embarassed I don't remember the name, but it was #18 on the BBQ and it was beef). Since it was a serving for one person they cooked it in back rather than at our table. I don't cook red meat very often, and I actually preferred that they cooked it. Both dishes were delicious, my SO will go bananas for the seafood pancake.We also tried one of the sushi special rolls - the Fusion roll, it had tuna, avocado, and I think crab fried into wedges. I would give it an A+ for presentation and taste. I felt a little bit odd ordering Sushi at a Korean BBQ place, but I believe that the person who was the sushi chef came out and asked us how we liked it and that made me feel much more comfortable.When they brought the meat they started leaving all of these little plates at the table with appetisers (which from other reviews I gather are the Banchan/panchan).  Some of it we could tell what it was, like Kim Chee and tofu, but for others we had no idea. It was fun trying the panchan, and there were some suprises: for example Yams and something that was candied which they said came from a Lotus, or something like a Lotus. There was also one dish that looked like a seaweed salad, but it was much more robust in flavor than other seaweed salads which I have had.So I would recommend this as a good place for someone who is new to Korean BBQ, and I can't wait to go back with a group of friends (although going with just two people also works). The staff was busy but kind, and I really appreciated that they took the time to tell me about a few things. I wish I knew someone who was Korean to go with (particularly to get background on cultural norms), but I definately wouldn't let that stop someone from going.
