I have a headache this morning. I predicted my headache last night as I finished a big slug of moonshine.....WHAT? Moonshine. You know that a whiskey/bourbon/rye list is complete when it offers up Virginia Lightening. With the help of Jim at the bar, we turned our drink menu into more of a checklist. With $3 shots of whiskey you can do that. (we sipped them in a very refined way).  "Dinner" was very good- I say that because we had already eaten Italian take out for dinner, but after smelling their kitchen for a good 30 minutes, we decided to put in our names in and go for late night round 2. Our server William was great and led us through a great eating experience- good recommendations, timing, and attentiveness. We also got a chance to chat with the kitchen staff which was great- they really take pride in their craft and were very friendly even after a long night of cooking- we stayed until after 1 and weren't the last diners. My fave on the menu was the scallops- they were the best scallops that I've had in Chicago- they were fresh and not overwhelmed by seasoning. We loved the apricot (?) that came with cheese plate. The ricotta gnudi (sp?) were light and delightful- I just wish they gave more....or I didn't have to share! I wasn't in love with the cauliflower but thought that for a big chunk of cauliflower, it was artfully prepared. I appreciated the wild west touches but didn't necessarily like them for myself- from our meal the Wild Boar sandwich made from boar that are "hunted to order" and the oxtail with the scallops. Even the kobe meatballs had a flavor I couldn't put my finger on.....I think you'll either love that or hate that. I'll definitely be going back to work on my checklist, have some more Rebel Yell and try a few more dishes- especially the seared tuna and the catfish. I wholeheartedly trust what they do with creatures from the sea. But I have to try to remember.....no moonshine or Charter 101 if its a week night!  I would kill for a fried egg and a bloody mary right now.....
