Given that my prior review of Sprout earned a ROTD, I am feeling the pressure on this update! When I heard that Sprout would offer brunch on Sundays, I was really excited. I was even more excited when I learned that the aforementioned Sunday brunch would be no kids allowed. I typically don't mind kids being around during brunch (do I really have a choice living on Southport?), but every now and then I really wish we could have brunch in a more dinner-like atmosphere (i.e. grownups only).  We went with another couple, and pigged out. We each ordered an entree, we shared frites and an order of the brioche buns with chocolate and lemon curd, and then the four of us shared the rhubarb waffle for "breakfast dessert." The service was good, but it was clear that they are still working out some kinks and details with the brunch service. Everything was outstanding. I particularly enjoyed the Bloody Mary, which was tomato-y and spicy without being chunky (and strangely, it was also not watered down) and the Afternoon Delight (a bitter orange prosecco cocktail). My husband enjoyed his drink made with bacon vodka, pineapple juice and ginger beer. I had the chicken caesar omelette, which was excellent and came with buttery, creamy parsley potatoes. My tablemates had the rabbit hash, the truffle quiche and the crab-breaded steak and eggs. No complaints. The brioche buns were tasty (though probably unnecessary). I did not much care for the frites - they were dry and crunchy. I'd skip them next time. The true star for me was the rhubarb waffle we shared for "dessert." It was a light Belgian waffle with rhubarb, strawberries, some sort of ice cream that tasted a bit like Greek yogurt, goat cheese, basil and almonds. I don't usually like sweet breakfasts like waffles and pancakes, but this was perfect. The fruit tasted very fresh and was not overly sugary, and the ice cream was tangy as opposed to being sweet. The basil added a bit of herbiness and freshness to the whole thing. Delish. The atmosphere was fab. Good music playing, no screeching kids, no need to maneuver around Hummer-sized strollers. A nice, refreshing change from our typical LP-Lakeview brunch scene.
