We had been looking forward to visiting this new location, so we ventured out on a cold snowy Monday night, lured by the promise of fireplaces and coziness. We scored front row meter parking, which thrilled us until we walked through the free parking lot that we hadn't noticed. Nice touch. Once we got inside, the vibe was definitely warm and friendly, and we were seated immediately (without reservations). In the front bar area, there were intimate clusters of lounge-y chairs and low tables circling the fireplace--several people were working on laptops, pints of draft at their sides. I was hoping for a similarly intimate experience at our table, but unfortunately the smallish dining room offers several seating options that place you cheek-to-jowl with other diners. I know some people don't mind this, but being close enough to hear the next table's low, whispered conversation was a little distracting to me. Maybe we should have asked for a free-standing table (or made a reservation to that effect). Next time. But the food...the food! It was totally awesome. We ordered four small plates to share: the mussels, sweet potato fries with goat cheese fondue, the Mediterranean trio, and a Sunshine (i think?) salad. The mussels had the most counterintuitively yummy sauce...it was a light lemony curry broth...I'm not sure if the Wrigleyville location also has this, but the flavor felt appropriate on this stretch of Devon. I'm mostly *eh* when it comes to mussels, but I couldn't stop dipping the Mediterranean trio's pita chips into the sauce. Really unique and delicious...I will go back just for this. The salad was pretty tasty, though mostly unremarkable, and the sweet potato fries were a generous, heaping pile for $6. I had a great English ale on draft--it was also $6. Despite the fact that the entrees venture into the +$15 range, we were stuffed with our four less expensive choices and our tab came to $50, including beverages, without tip. Soon after we ordered, the party next to us left, and that table was empty for most of our meal. That made a a big difference in the meal's vibe, and we enjoyed a really nice time. I would suggest that this is a great place to bring friends/family from out of town and/or enjoy some small plates in the bar. And don' t miss the terrific art work...I picked up the artist's card--Josh Moulton is his name. They bring an amazing energy to the space...I would buy one of his paintings if I had some spare thousands!
