Food: 4 Service: 3 Atmosphere: 5 Value: 3 I had been waiting a long time to try out this new hotspot, so my wife and I gathered a group of six of us and off we went. We had a 7:30 reservation and there was no problem seating us promptly. It seemed like a communal table-joint because we were seated at a long table for 10, but I was happy to see nobody else join us during our dinner. After a complicated quasi-group ordering strategy (varying degrees of kosher/meat-friendly folks in the group), I ended up trying the Triple Cream Delice Toast, Roasted Beet Salad, Mushroom Truffle Pasta, Brussel Sprouts (sans bacon of course), Blackened Cauliflower, and Kennebec Fries.  The Toast was not a top choice of mine, but I'm always open to try something different. The cheese was smooth, rich, and creamy, and accented the crispy, baguette-style toast quite nicely. I'm not such a huge fan of mixing fruit and cheese (maybe this is my kraft mac-n-cheese upbringing coming out) but I'm guessing people who like that kind of stuff would enjoy this dish. The "salad" that came on top didn't do much to add to the flavor or texture. The Roasted Beet Salad seemed a little small for $10, but the taste was spot-on. All the ingredients (clementines, feta, pistachios) mixed well together and dress(ing) fit just like it should-enough for you to know it's there, but not too much that its overpowering. As expected, the Mushroom Truffle Pasta was delicious. The pasta was light and airy and the truffle added some density to the dish. I don't really know what a "paris mushroom" is, but it was a noticeable improvement over the button mushrooms I usually roll with. Again, the portion was a little small, but the intricacy of the dish made it worthwhile. The Brussel Sprouts and Cauliflower were both pretty similar...similarly awesome. Both were charred nicely and had huge flavor. The pickled red onion on the cauliflower, just like communism, sounded good in theory, but ultimately didn't work. After hearing from the waitress that "scientific testing" was done by the chef to find the type of potato that would make the crispiest french fry, I was excited for the kennebec. To be honest, I did notice a superior crispifying effect to the normal Idaho potato. Was this worth $6? Possibly, after you factor in the cool stainless steel, martini-shaker type glass it's served in and delicious mayo-based sauce it's paired with. I know I don't usually discuss drinks and dessert but I have to mention the wine and the ice cream solely for the value quotient. THEY HAVE $4 HOUSE WINE! I honestly can't think of any other place in River North that will serve you a glass of wine on a Saturday night for $4, and it was pretty good too. Also, for $3, you can enjoy two scoops of decadent, (what appears to be) house made ice cream. My recommendation: Mint Chocolate Chip a/k/a Peppermint Bon Bon if you're from Minnesota. I always get made fun of for that one. Uffda! Overall, Gilt Bar is a solid choice for fun night out with friends, or even a date. On the kosher side, yes there is pork belly and mussels just like every other trendy place, but there are some solid fish and vegetarian options too. Best of all, the prices won't make you feel too gilty, especially if you get the wine and the ice cream. Heck, why not combine the two and enjoy a $7 wine ice cream float? I guarantee you won't find a better deal in the city.  [Thanks for reading my review and be sure to check out my other reviews on Yelp. My mission is to find restaurants that have great vegetarian, kosher, and vegan fare. On every review, I rate food, service, atmosphere, and value on a 1-5 scale to give you quick and easy overview of the restaurant. I love cooking, eating, and doing both with my friends and family. I always welcome your questions, comments, and suggestions so contact me on Yelp or Facebook if you want to share ideas.]
