Meat Feast Went with a party of 7 last night....had a 9pm rezzie....didn't get seated until almost 9:30 but we were totally okay with just hanging out eating our crispy fatty cheesy delicious pork rinds and charcuterie plates and drinking our beers and wines.....Max our server in the bar was fantastic and on top of everything.....2 big thumbs up to Max! We were seated at one of the long communal tables and preceded to order half of the menu.....no seriously.....this is what I can remember.... Chef's Selection of a Dozen Oysters: Nice, fresh with crisp flavors.....if you're an oyster fan you won't be disappointed Mussels: Love these....the broth is killer! Scallops: Perfectly seared.....warm and flavorful Chicory Salad: Interesting and I didn't think I liked it at first....the chicory is slightly bitter but totally works with the other ingredients Endive Salad: Persimmons made it too sweet for me.....everyone else liked it though Smoked Tuna: I didn't order this so I don't know exactly what the description was....but it was basically smoked tuna with some lettuce....and it was great as a share....I would not want the whole dish to myself. Calf's Brain: Must order!! Seriously fantastic.....crispy on the outside....creamy on the inside Wagyu Sirloin: Ah-ma-zing!!! Bollito Misto: I couldn't even try this I was so full by the time it came.....but the boys gobbled it up....like a meat stew....looked hearty. Fish of the day: Don't ask me what it was....but whatever it was....it was delicious Whole Farm Chicken: One of my favs......absolutely yum and yum! It comes with fries that are all joozy with the chicken juice.....perfection! Frites with Egg: I didn't even touch these as I was totally in love with my joozy chicken frites..... Pickled Vegetables: Delish.....spicy and vinegary all at the same time....perf for snacking Most of use were too full for dessert....but we did try one.....and omg....it was pure genius!!  The Waffle with Strawberry Rhubarb Preserve & Honey Butter: Our friend had the insight to ask if they could add a scoop of the Bourbon Ice Cream from another dessert to this.....they did.....and it just elevated the dish to oh say about cloud 9!! So good.....really....must order! Our server was fantastic.....and we had yet again another stellar night at the Publican!!
