I should have written this earlier but after trying the wings... I am definitely a fan and feel like an idiot for getting a Korean burrito here instead of the chicken the first time I went. The wings come in portions of 5 or 10... in reality that means 10 or 20 cause one wing is literally the wing of the chicken so it has all both types of pieces you are familiar with hot wings as well as the end tip of the chicken's wing... that was a little confusing with wing being used in that paragraph in many different ways. The Seoul Sassy chicken wings took me back to the Korean style fried wings that I am used and hold very dear to my heart but kicked up a little notch. The combination and sweetness of the sauce and the crunch of the batter together go perfectly together. Each ingredient in the sauce I feel really enhances and balances the flavors out. Along with that and having to rip the three parts of the wing away from each other, the wings are really a lot of fun to eat. The Seoul Sassy is definitely my favorite and would recommend it to everyone to try.  The Crisp BBQ wings are definitely Korean influenced and has a great kicked-up-a-notch sweetness and hot flavor from the red pepper paste. Plus the sauce is messier than the Seoul Sassy and that's okay cause if the food isn't messy than it isn't any good. The more the food gets on all over your face and fingers the better. If you are getting the Buddha bowls I would recommend you ask for at least an extra red pepper paste or two. In my bibimbaps, I usually like the minimum amount of red pepper paste as possible, and the amount given here still wasn't enough for me. There was a good variety of vegetables in the Buddha bowl, however I would have liked for there to be more of each vegetable and beef to be in there as well. The fries are very generic and unsalted. No real flavor comes from them. But hey that's nothing a little salt and pepper can't fix. Easy to suffice... the wings are the big draw here and for a very good reason: they're just that damn good.
