Wow...so much to write, let me try to get to the point. I went for New Years. When I walked in it was nice. Nice decor, friendly people, music was great ,a really nice ambiance. Then I went to my room. It was OK I guess. Nothing extravagant but what is up with the bathroom? It has a sliding door that you can't lock and it's made of wood. Then there is a sliding wood window. So if you are squatting to use the bathroom the person outside of the bathroom just slides the window open and peek a boo....they see you! Then it's not like your typical hotel where you will find a bible in the drawer. Nope.... you'll find condoms to purchase and a $13 romantic CD. There is no coffee in the room for your morning coffee. Room service is way overpriced, definitely did not order room service. This hotel is way over prices honestly. I stood there and usually I will park at the hotel and get my ticket validated because I am a guest....nope...$55 when I got my car back for a 24 hour stay. Now lets talk about what happened at night. The elevator door opened at the Lobby at 11:30pm and the smell of weed hit me in the face. There is a lounge/club on the 8th floor that everyone was riding the elevator to get to. It is tiny but yet hundreds of people were going there, way over booked and the people that were going there were all stoned. I guess I had a different impression of this hotel. It is in a classy neighborhood so I did not expect all the craziness that went on that night to be allowed there. I was even surprised when I went to the front desk there were 3 guys chipping in money to get a room. They were putting in $1100.00 for a room, they were arguing because they didn't have enough money and needed to go out to the car to get more. See I didn't even know you can get a room paying cash, I thought a credit card was always required. Needless to say, I won't stay there again but it's a nice place to hang out at the bar on a normal day with friends. Oh....the pool was nice and warm I enjoyed that.
