I LOVE giving compliments, and I'll stop to write a positive review before I'll offer feedback that is less than positive. So, I will start with a compliment. Mr. Bayless, nice work! Your little empire over there at Clark and Illinois is nothing short of genius. I am a HUGE supporter of the the local, sustainable and organic movement in Chicago, and you are one of the leaders in this town and globally. Thank You! I like your little restaurant XOCO, but I had a bad experience there today. Let me explain... I arrived around the lunch hour, chaotically busy as one might expect. Long line, workers rushing about. No problem. To the first person I made eye contact with, whom I'm guessing is the "hostess" du jour, I said very cheerfully, I would like to sit outside. She shoved a menu in my face and said pick what you want, tell us your order, then we'll show you to a seat outside. Not terribly friendly, a hello would have been nice. So I look at the menu and as she walks by again, I asked..."I'm a little overwhelmed by the menu, is there just a lunch special?" She says, in a big hurry, "we have sandwiches and soups". I said, "I thought you had tacos here, no?" She says very curtly, "WE HAVE SANDWICHES AND SOUPS" (with a tone suggesting didn't you hear me the first time you idiot?) Ok then Miss Sassypants hostess lady. When I finally picked something to eat, I went to tell Sassypants, and I said, "I know what I want now." She shouted at me, as she looked at me with fire in her eyes and smoke coming out of her ears, "I DON'T TAKE ORDERS!!!" Ok, Sassy McSassers, then who does, because that's what you told me to do when you shoved the menu in my face. I went to a young lady who was working the cashier and said, "I've never been here before, and I guess I don't know how this works, can you help me?" She said "sure, just tell me what you want to order then we'll show you to a seat outside". Thanks, cashier gal, that was straight forward, friendly, sans attitude. I had ordered a Limonada drink so the cashier said "wait here while I get your drink, then we'll seat you". OK, sounds good.  She brings me the drink, I go outside and sit down to wait for my food. I look into my glass before taking a sip, and notice a hair in my drink, right on top, stuck to the piece of ice. Now, I know these things happen from time to time, but it was just another negative in my already disappointing customer service experience. So I go back in and happen to run into Sassy, and she says, "I'll seat you now". And, I'm like "I've already been seated, I came back in because (I increased my volume here for Sassy's benefit) I HAVE A HAIR IN MY DRINK". She grabs the glass from me and said "We'll bring you another one". No sorry or anything. Then some new, nice young gal delivered the new drink, hair-free, and this time with a lime wedge on the glass. I liked this one much better. For consistency, if the Limonada is supposed to be served with a lime wedge, then ALWAYS serve it with a lime wedge, get it right. So a while later, I received my sandwich, since that is what they have there, SANDWICHES AND SOUPS, and don't you forget it! The Milanesa it was called, a decent SANDWICH, and my fresh Limonada went down. I liked it fine, not out of this world, but I would go back and maybe try some SOUP next time.  A final word for you Sassarita. I know we all have a bad day sometimes, or PMS, or whatever, but your attitude towards me, A FIRST TIME CUSTOMER, was outrageously uncalled for, and just rude. You "don't take orders" eh? Well I've got an order for you. In my best Donald Trump impression, but coming out of the mouth of Rick Bayless, "YOU'RE FIRED"!!! I only wish I were there in person when it happens. And don't forget, when you're not nice to someone, there is twitter and facebook and Yelp to make sure you're called out for bad behavior...Oh my gosh, Santa really is watching.  I'll only go back, because Bayless' reputation precedes him. Otherwise, F- on customer service.
