My husband and I stayed here for two nights with another couple this past weekend, and overall our experience was very good. The location of the hotel can't be beat, as it's on Jeweler's Row at the corner of Madison and Wabash; easy to get to and within walking distance to TONS of places, including the Amtrak station, Grant Park, and Michigan Avenue. Taxis, buses, and the El train are all very accessible as well, so getting just about anywhere is a breeze. Even better are the shops and restaurants just outside the front door, making it very easy to find anything you may need during your stay. The hotel itself is "old world" in style/decor, but the amenities are definitely modern: high-speed internet access, a roomy, updated bathroom, and a powerful AC unit are all worth mentioning. The rooms are on the small side, but that's to be expected given the hotel's downtown location. The only complaint I have about the room is regarding the beds, which were rock-hard. This is pretty typical for hotels nowadays, though, so I wasn't too surprised; it was just the only thing that kept the experience from being 5-star. FYI, our bed was king-sized. I've read there are some people who were bothered by the noise of the El train, which passes right outside the hotel. The key to this is to get a room at the back of the hotel, away from the street. That's what we did, and the noise was barely noticeable; it just sounded like it was raining whenever the train passed by. It's MUCH louder when you're facing the street, though, including when standing in the lobby. Just something to keep in mind when booking. Another thing to note is that the hotel does have several adjoining rooms. This was not something I remembered reading anywhere, so I thought I'd mention it; we would have taken advantage of that had we known about it. The staff was very accommodating and friendly, allowing us to check in early (around 1:30pm) and storing our bags after we'd checked out. They were also happy to accommodate our requests for change (bus fare), directions, and a move to the aforementioned adjoining rooms. (They weren't able to move us due to other bookings, but they were very nice about it!) We would absolutely stay here again and recommend the hotel to others.
