Service:  5 Presentation:  5 Decor: 3 Taste and Flavor:  - 5 or Negative 5 ----------------------------------------- Simply put worst food any of us ever ate. Yes I am not a food expert but I trust my taste-buds and no they are not happy at all after eating at Alinea. All of us hated it. Great service and presentation but zero in taste, flavor and satisfaction. None of us will ever eat this stupid food (not sure if I even want to call it food) again, even if we are paid to eat it. I drank like 6 - 7 glasses of water/beverage to shove it down, thinking after every course that may be next would be better or may be just the final dessert would be better but no it also was tasteless, bitter. After tolerating the first 7 or 8 courses we started fearing what may come next and Alinea kept on delivering bad tasting dishes one after another. Most dishes were extremely salty and tasted like I am eating some pain relieving cream like Bengay. When the chef came to our table to put together the dessert he didn't look happy or excited at all but rather looked angry and not-interested. I guess that was planned to convey some kind of experience of shock or something when he just dropped the big ball of chocolate and frozen ice cream on our table and just walked away without saying anything, but I didn't like it one bit and rather felt it was stupid and rude. I would rather like the usual when the chef laughs and asks how was the food. Please save your hard earned money. Sandwich from my neighborhood Potbelly is better than this. If you really have money to burn then you are better off by simply donating that money or may be book a flight to see beautiful San Francisco and make a reservation to eat some real good food at "Gary Danko" instead of this junk. So much disappointed that we cancelled all of the next reservations, for second group of friends to follow after a few days. I fully understand and highly appreciate the amount of effort and dedication that goes in producing such a complex meal. Yes this is a new kind of experience and all, but still I want to have an experience where I at least like the taste of the food but unfortunately there is nothing here that I can say good about. Experiences like this make me wish I could give negative stars.
