Let's be clear about this: I hate the Eighties. Perhaps I'm bitter because I officially did not get laid, even once, during that entire decade. The closest I came to actual sexual intercourse was watching old Lita Ford dry-hump her guitar on MTV. Granted, I was a teenager, but I still haven't forgiven Nancy Reagan for my unintended, decade-long abstinence. So, when I checked into my Eighties retro-styled hotel room for a weekend at the Hard Rock Hotel, my reaction was pure horror. Purple walls. Smoked mirrors. The image of John and Yoko staring at you in the bathroom. (At least, it wasn't Ringo.) I can only describe it as Miami Vice meets Sid Vicious. It's kind of room you imagine some coked-up minor record producer would try to hide a dead groupie. Hideous stuff. Putting aside my unresolved feelings of inferiority which were manifested in the 1980's....the rest of the hotel was surprisingly cool. There is definitely a rock-star theme going on throughout the premises, but it's less tacky than you might think. They actually managed some restraint. Patterned, rock star leather was to be found on all possible surfaces that could benefit from patterned, rock star leather. Their idea of "elevator music" is Beck, Bob Marley, The Killers, etc...a fun novelty. The gym facilities were genuine rock star quality as well. You could just envision a Rob Halford down there, working out his quads, in leather chaps. We entered the lobby on Sunday evening and were greeted by a "celebrity" bingo tourney, with an Amy Winehouse impersonator, cussing loudly at the mic....funny! Outside the elevators on our floor was Brian Johnson's (of AC/DC) stage outfit on display, complete with autographed white sneakers and guitar. You don't find shit like that at The Drake. What really won me over was the free guitar rentals. Yes, they will rent you an electric or acoustic guitar of your choice (nice ones, too!) to keep in your room for your entire stay. My poor wife...she thought a weekend in Chicago would provide her a few days of relief from my incessant fretboard noodlings. Give me a new guitar to play with, and I am like an infant. (The guitar rental form required the signature of the "Artist's Name:_____". That was a wildly pretentious moment. My guitar-playing is a lot of things, but "art" is not one of them.) Overall, there are certainly more refined and stylish hotel options on Michigan Ave to choose from. This would not even come close to being my first choice. (It was the official hotel for an event we were attending, otherwise I never would have picked it.) But, if you need to surround yourself with oversized images of Rodger Daltry and Angus Young on a 24/7 basis to keep you happy, this place will do just fine.
