Normally, I don't write reviews unless I have a strong visceral response to a place, good or bad, and my visit to Chicago Q, simply put, irritated me. I was expecting authentic and delicious BBQ and instead got authentic but mediocre BBQ. The Baby Back ribs and accompanying sauces weren't bad, but nothing to write home about. The pulled pork was downright dry. The fries and mac & cheese were average (i.e. bland.) I enjoyed the braised collard greens, but if I was told I could never have them again, I wouldn't feel compelled to object.  The other major pain point (or pet peeve) was the service. Nice and professional, but helicopter wait and bus staff. Literally, every 2-3 minutes someone was at our table asking us a question or trying to take something away, even if we were clearly still eating it. Also, I asked for a recommendation of one of their specialty brews, and when I said I was interested in something on the lighter side like a blonde, he parrotted the name of the blonde on the menu back to me. Gee...thanks. Next time, I'll just do "eenie meenie minie moe." Two positives: 1. The decor and ambiance makes this place comfortable and quaint. Felt like a bed and breakfast on the Southeast coastline (albeit a busy one.) 2. The chocolate mousse with salted caramel and chocolate-covered pretzels was the absolute best part of the meal. The crust was made up of a graham cracker/pretzel mixture that complimented the mousse and caramel perfectly. I would go back just for this dessert. Superb! One positive/negative: Food came out uber fast - I mean, I hadn't even taken a sip of my freshly drafted beer yet. So, you can get in and out quickly if you need to. However, I know genuine BBQ takes time, and it wasn't remotely hot. I waited tables in a BBQ restaurant in the South and our food always managed to come out hot. Not sure what the issue is here. Nothing was offensively bad, by any means, but overall, there are better options.  I would recommend Lilly's, which was fantastic. I haven't been to Smoque yet, but it's next on my list, since I hear nothing but rave reviews from friends.
