Alinea, Alinea, Alinea. This place is beyond excellent. Words simply can't describe how superb the food in Alinea is! I have had so far the BEST dining experience in my life. I've been to quite a few michelin starred restaurants previously such as French Laundry, Chez Dominique, Village Pub, Spruce, Lumiere, L2O, etc. These were very good restaurants. However, Alinea has really brought food, and good food to a different level. The courses themselves were tasty and mind-blowing. Further, they made the whole dining experience very unique and seamless. First, they had completely avant garde ways of presenting food by going beyond the conventional utensils such as forks and knives. They would serve food on seaweeds, a tube, and a rack, etc. (yes, I did say a tube). All these would become gimmicks if the food themselves were lackluster. However, the food was incredible! Chef Achatz and his team really know how to play with texture, flavor and temperature. I can spend the whole day talking about each course, there're a few really stood out in terms of contrasting different textures, flavors, and temperatures. The hot potato cold potato, the tempura shrimp vanilla bean stick skewer, liquid black truffle ravioli, etc.  They offered not boring small dishes in between courses to make you marvel: how did they do it? such as the thin layer of shaved ice frozen on a cone like ceramic holder, all I could taste was refreshingly lemony flavors in the texture of snow! One of the desserts definitely made me fall in love faster than ever. There were so many tiny various sizes of cubes in different flavors, on the plate, there was some small swirl of sauces. Each of them were small, but each of them had an explosion of flavors!! I was almost moved to tears...:) The course-to-course pace was well managed. The servers were amiable, professional and knowledgeable. We also ordered wine paring, the wine concierge was great. The whole dining experience was like an amazing show, with seamless flow, excellent performance and wonderful surprises. We really felt like we looked at food differently after Alinea. The experience was memorable. Excellency doesn't come with a cheap price tag. :) The meal for two people including wine paring came down as close to one thousand dollars. It was the most expensive meal we've had so far, however, it's SO worth it, we wouldn't hesitate to spend it again or spend more in a heart beat.
