Went with a friend to Longman & Eagle. We ordered a lot because there was a lot we wanted to try. After we ordered our food we were surprised by an amuse bouche from the chef. This was just a small bite of pork pate with red peppers (I think?) on the top. Whatever it was, it was delicious. Off to a great start! Thanks, chef! Next up? House-marinated olives. .. because we love olives and you can rarely go wrong with house-marinated olives. Duck rillettes with mustard, buttered toasts and cornichons (fancy name for baby dill pickles!). The rillettes is cooked down meat in fat and served jar. It's spread on toasts and topped with a bit of mustard. The rillettes was soooo good. I'd go back just for this dish. Next up we split smoked sweetbreads with salsify, roasted beet, and brown butter applesauce. If you don't know what sweetbreads are, don't look it up because you don't want to know. Just know that this dish was really tasty and better than the sweetbreads I had at Custom House, the only other time I've had them. I think maybe because they weren't fried. For my meal (I know! I've eaten so much already!) I got the wild boar sloppy joe with crispy sage, onion, pickled jalapeo. This sandwich was pretty great. I thought the jalepeno would be too spicy, but it was not. The onions were perfeclty crispy and the boar had just the right spice. I liked this, but it wasn't my favorite of the night. For my friend's main dish she got the pork belly confit, pumpkin risotto, chestnuts, apple, and soy-caramel broth. This was another stand out dish (along with the rillettes). Very well balanced. The pork was salty the soy was salty, the risotto and apple was sweet, but not overly. Nutty crunch of the chestnuts. Awesome. By this point we were so stuffed that we couldn't move, but that did not stop us from ordering classic crme brle with plum compote and langue du chat cookies. Again, very well balanced. The creme brluee had the perfect crunch on the top and was creamy inside. It was sweet and the plum compote was a great tangy compliment. At dinner I drank Half Acre Daisy Cutter Pale Ale. My friend had a Manhattan that she nursed throughout dinner. Good, but strong! The beer list at Longman & Eagle is very good, so if you're into unique brews you'll like it. You can see from the photos above, we got to Longman & Eagle early, like 6:30 p.m. and enjoyed ourselves for a few hours. Even though the restaurant is small, we were not rushed. I would recommend going early, though, because they don't take reservations unless you're a party of 6 or more and it's Sunday, Monday or Tuesday.
