Ahhhhh, my favorite kind of restaurant. The Gastropub. Longman and Eagle is another fine example of how to execute everything with perfection from beginning to end, from chewing to sipping, from...ehhhhhh u get the point. Came here with a group of 4 food of my boys, all food enthusiast. We loved it. We had to wait, but who cares? They have an awesome bar area on the side of the restaurant with some picnic tables you can chill at when weather permits. We did just that. Once our table was ready we were kindly invited inside. Their decor is simple, but their par is impressive. An collection of liquor and liqueurs that would make any mixologist drool. Their menu is awesome on multiple level. Items change from time to time, while the staples remain. There's a perfect balance between snacks, small plates, salads and Sammy's, and legit entrees. We feasted like we may be getting the electric chair later that night. A selection of cheeses to start, their pork rillette, rabbit pate, and even the slagel family meatballs. The cheese board was impressive, the rillette was gone in seconds, but the rabbit pate was a tad bit dry and lacking of richness (nice texture though). The meatballs were unholy good. We had a pork shoulder and nudi (pasta) that are no longer on the menu. Both were scrumptious. However, they appear to be always adding new and interesting items. Duck testicles anyone? I'd be game! Other entrees were the Wild Boar Sloppy Joe and the Tete de cuchon. The sloppy Joe was kind of forgettable. Good in it's own rights, but probably not something I'd order again. The Tete de cuchon had us stabbing each other in our fingers. Their drinks are fantastic. There's a lot attention and care put into making them. I don't remember what we all ordered ( I wonder why???). I do know that each drink was far different than the last and all were very good. They even have an amazing Whiskey selection, which is a big deal for me. Next up, BRUNCH!!!! Their blood Mary's look really good too! Longman and Eagle is a place I'd travel 2-3 hours to visit. Fortunately, I live close enough to enjoy from time to time. Unfortunately, there's nothing like this close to where I live. ***sighhhhhh***
