Hot Doug's is probably the most overhyped Hot Dog establishment in not only Chicago, but quite possibly the entire world. The outrageously large number of reviews and the two hour wait mentioned in each of them is evidence enough. However, that is to be expected when you open a hot dog place that, rather than trying to compete with thousands of other restaurants in the city for best wiener, serves various types of sausages from various different animals that you probably won't find anywhere else within driving distance. If anything, Hot Doug's is mostly just a victim of its own success at establishing a niche in the hot dog infested city of Chicago. Even if you manage to get here early, the long wait is practically inevitable. During my experience, it was pretty hard for me and my friends to fathom what could possess all of these people to wait so long (in the middle of the winter no less) for a hot dog? But make no mistake, once you overcome the long wait and encounter a surprisingly friendly Doug Sohn (who has to serve thousands of hungry customers a day), it's pretty easy to forget about the wait and get right down to business. If it's your first time, regardless of whatever else you order, you might as well order yourself a regular Chicago Hot Dog. It was good, no doubt, but why I waited in line for two hours. It is in fact the specials that everyone is coming for, ranging from the fatty duck sausage with foie gras mousse and truffle oil to the lean Rattlesnake sausage with cheese. Oh, and of course the highly famed fresh cut duck fat french fries, which were easily some of the best fries I have ever eaten. But regardless of how sensational the food is, it may be hard to justify such a long wait. Part of the reason that the wait is as big as it is is due to the relatively small location. With this much success, I would think it is time for Doug to consider expanding perhaps? All in all, you should definitely brave the wait at least once just to see what the hype is all about, but regardless, make sure you come prepared. Hot Doug's has many other odd perks besides the long wait, such as rather short opening hours, constantly changing specials, and closings on even the most minor of holidays. And of course, the duck fat fries are only served on Fridays and Saturdays for whatever reason. Thankfully, their website is updated daily with this type of information. Just don't expect things to be easy once you actually get there.
