Spicy lovers will be in for quite a delight, while some others are in for a fright (more on this in a bit)! First off, much like a vegetarian shouldn't be surprised if they walk into a steakhouse and find the overwhelming amount of spicy menu items, you shouldn't be surprised to find spicy menu items at a place that specializes in Szechuan-style cooking. Fortunately: 1) Any "spicy" dish can be altered into a non spicy, mild, medium or extra spicy dish. 2) Szechuan-style cooking also implies unique dishes, of which they have a good variety of. The menu itself tries to keep recognizable choices in earlier in the menu, keeping the more exotic, authentic or adventuresome choices for later in the menu. They serve a small appetizer of spicy cabbage that you should probably refrain from trying if you frequently complain that "mild" spicy things are too much for you. They had a very tasty Chef's Special Dry Chili Chicken, which comes with a good abundance of dry chili, which gives a decent amount of pop, without taking away any flavor. The Mongolian Beef is not made to be a spicy dish. Instead is a combination of beef, onions and mushrooms with a light brown sweet sauce. The beef comes out nice and tender and works well with the sauce. And for those that prefer things less meaty, the Tong Cai is a Chinese broccoli or spinach that is stir-fried in a light sauce or oil. I recommend getting it with the garlic, which is thinly sliced, fried and served with the dish. So what's so frightful, you may ask? Well, we were in on a Monday night around 10 pm, knowing that they close at 12 am. Being fans of white rice, we ordered a portion to go along with our meal. After finishing the first portion, we tried asking for a second portion. Guess what we found out? "Sorry, we're out of white rice." What? WHAT?!?!? Such a frightful world to live in, I tell you. A Chinese restaurant that's out of cooked white rice? I'm sure it was an aberration, and it will never happen again, but if it happens to you, let me know. It may be the first sign of the apocalypse! Anyway, lots of tasty options to come back for, a tasty delight!
