Hello to all the Yelpers, to day will review Sunda. Let me start with saying that Sunda was my 3rd sushi fusion experience (Japonaise, Sushi Samba, Sunda) Let me say this, it's better than Sushi Samba but not as good as Japonaise. Me and my date went to Sunda on Saturday, place was packed and buzzing with vibrant people. Service was pleasant and since they were busy we had to wait even with a reservation for another 30 min. During the wait we went by the bar, where large number of people were hugging the bar so we couldn't get to the waiter. Pleasant enough the girl sitting by the bar was nice enough to grab the waiter and order the drink for us. I don't drink so I can't tell you if the drinks are good or bad, but while my date was drinking her Tornado I was able to look around and feel the place out. Here's my take. Sunda is a Philippino/Sushi Fusion decorated from "philippino bamboo" decorated in a modern feel. That's what they say, what is saw was weird "bench" sitting setup which didn't look comfortable at all, it doesn't give you any privacy because you are rubbing shoulders with people next to you. This might be good if you go with bunch of guy and you are sitting next to group of girls. The rest of the place looked nice but nothing special. Sushi bar looked lot better than the sitting area. So after two drink we were seated on one of those benches and since I didn't like it I asked the hostess to seat us by the sushi bar. That took another 10 minutes of waiting. Once we set down it was all good. My favorite thing is Caterpillar and this time I decided to try something different. What ever I went with was good but not good enough to satisfy my unagi craving. Food - fresh and great Ambience - Ok, seems like there is potential for meeting nice people, in-crowd still visits this place. Seating setup for a $100 - $200 dollar dinner did not appeal to me, I expect some nice seats when I spend that kind of money. Service - good That's it folks, my last comment is I'm pretty sure I'll be back to Sunda. Have a nice day.
