Ugh. I will never stay at this hotel again. I am the one who picked the W in the first place, so I'll take the blame. It looks so plush and stylish in the photos. The first thing we noticed when walking in (besides Billy Zane getting into a limo... now I know it was an omen) was a club atmosphere in the lobby. There were lots of martini drinkers sitting around in sunglasses... The receptionists were too trendy for their own good, and I suspect that the one on the right was faking his English accent. (Oh yeah, they actually tell you to "take the lift" here...) In my opinion, it always is a mistake for a hotel staff to come off as condescending, and here, they definitely did. (There are plenty of high-end hotels who operate with friendliness.) We reserved a room with two queen beds, since my sister-in-law was joining us for a couple of days. We got off the elevator (which was scented, a nice touch) and, despite it being full daylight outside, were plunged into club-style darkness. The halls are very dark, with colored lights to guide your walk. When we opened our door, a lot of light was coming in from the big window. (We were on the west side of the hotel, so we had a crappy view of the building next door.) Ambient club music was playing from the small CD alarm clock, and the room looked really clean. Another look, and I realized there were Ws on everything... everything. My God, the room was one big marketing campaign and attempt to sell merchandise (including a $22 bottle of water that had been picked up and passed over so many times the logo had worn off). It was highly annoying to me. I started obsessing about finding everything that was W-branded -- and my finds included a teddy bear, the CD of music playing when we came in, coffee mugs, t-shirts -- and started seeing a lot of wear-and-tear on the room and furniture. Actually, it reminded me a lot of Design on a Dime... like it might look good to last through the photo/filming session, then all the cheap Scandinavian-style laminate furniture and other cost-cutting features start to fall apart and reveal the hotel for what it really is: the illusion of luxury and exclusivity. The most annoying thing, though, was the "divider" (yes, I said divider) between the bathroom and rest of the room. There was no solid, latching door, just a woven sliding panel that made comfortable privacy impossible. To boot, the panel in our room was BROKEN, so there was a hole in it. Also, there is a shuttered pass-through between the bathroom and bed area that doesn't fully close off any view or sound. I understand the concept (you can be in bed AND watch your lover take a shower... although the shower curtain was opaque, so I'm not sure what else you could watch), but when a room has two beds, there should be some consideration that lovers might not constitute a full party staying in a room. Not be be crass, but... there's this book called Everyone Poops. I think the W got confused and thought it was called Everyone Needs to Know When Everyone Poops. I give two stars for the beds being comfortable and room service (when requesting towels) being very prompt. Plus, we didn't get robbed... except for our dignity.
