I will have to think twice next time I want to try a restaurant the first weekend it was open. My sister and I had read about Nana's in the Aug. 24th edition of Daily Candy and really wanted to try it. We arrived at about 10am and were seated quickly at a table up front. After about 10 minutes, we asked the bus boy for 1 coffee and water since no one had been by to ask or give us a menu. He brought 1 coffee and 1 water - no utensils or menus. I noticed the couple to my right had been there a while and, while they had coffee, they too had no utensils. The couple to my left had also been there a while, but they had juice and utensils and seemed to have ordered. Someoen finally came by to give us menus. Another 10 minutes went by and our waiter, Oscar, finally came over to take our order. I had read about the Nanadict (cheese-stuffed corn flatbread, homemade chorizo, poached eggs) on Daily Candy and was sadly disappointed because it wasn't on the menu. Oscar explained they were trying out different things since they just opened. Wouldn't it make sense to leave something one the menu that was discussed favorably in a review or press release?? We hadn't seen any food being brought out and the people on either side of us and acroos from us, still hadn't been served. After about 40 minutes, I noticed that a guy who came in after us was sitting at the bar and had been served food! We asked Oscar about it and he explained that the computer stopped sending orders to the kitchen and he didn't know how long it would be. We asked to see the manager. Another 10 minutes went by, again, no food to any of the tables around us, The neighboring tables were on their way out the door when Oscar returned to tell us that he couldn't tell us how much longer it would be and that the manager was busy and couldn't come over. That was when we decided we needed to find food somewhere else.  So, I can say I have been to Nana's, their coffee is OK, the service is awful, the prices a little high and I have no idea how the food tastes! 1 star for nice decor!
