Curiously, the top restaurant in the US (2010/2011) lies in the quaint and unpretentious neighbourhood of Lincoln Park. The only tell-tale sign was the valet notice and doorman standing by the bare doors. I was greeted by a narrow neon red hallway and my world was suddenly transformed once the metal doors opened. The hostesses and servers operated seamlessly. After reconfirming our lack of dietary restrictions, our courses came promptly, one after another. All 20 of it. A set of 3 cocktail amuse bouche opened our tastebuds. A cooling sour lemon with sweet grapefruit, a spoonful of apple brandy hard jello and a shot on a stool of squash with foam on top. Each one seems to be progressively stronger in alcohol taste. The GOLDEN TROUT ROE had light coconut flavours , and the zest of tangy-sweet pineapple. What an interesting and unique combination of flavor that will always remind me of Chef Achatz! The Japanese inspired YUBA was a long crunchy twig that was wrapped with shrimp, sprinkled with sesame seeds and dipped with miso. Presented alongside with the Vietnamese inspired CHAO TOM which is a sugar cane cube infused with shrimp broth, topped with mint and chewed until the flavours are extracted. A beautiful twist to the traditional Vietnamese dish! The STRIPED BASS was complimented perfectly with sweet vanilla froth and sourness. A pinch of black pepper and sesame, along with the light crackers gives it the crunch that contrasts flawlessly with the supple fish. A shot of CELERY JUICE held a shell of horseradish ball encasing apple juice. What an exotic flavor from everyday fruit and vegetable! The horseradish was slightly spicy like wasabi (which is made of horseradish) and the celery juice and apple juice mixed well together. A distinctive three layered dish of RABBIT Top layer; eat it like a parfait, a sheet of squash and pine nuts were accompanied by thin crunchy stems. Then rabbit rillette was accompanied by balls of potatoes? Afterwards, sip on the consomm made from the rich broth that soaked the cinnamon stick. Unfortunately, I thought this was a little salty for my liking. A smoky aroma filled the room; it was from the burning fig that held the PHEASANT TEMPURA with walnuts together. Light crunch, very unique and the pheasant was very tender but I'm not a big fan of walnuts. One of the most interesting dish was the create-your-own SHORT-RIB RAVIOLI with a variety ingredients of your choice! Including sea salt, olives, blackberry, onion etc. I made sure to put everything in my wrap. It was delicious, and the chilled pasta wrap was warmed by the slow braised short rib. The creativity and hands on experience does not end here! Next up was a shot of temperature sensitive POTATO with black truffle. Warm truffle paired with icy cold potato and mushroom. What a scrumptious sensation! Then our server poured us a GRAPE SODA to match with the extremely tender PIGEONNEAU on a light puff pastry. BLACK TRUFFLE EXPLOSION blew up in my mouth! Keep your lips shut for this as you don't want luscious rich truffle spilling out of your lips! Cheesy, creamy truffle. MMM! A spoonful was delectable and satisfying. To pave the way to desserts, an unusual sweet-savory set of three came. A PINEAPPLE SUGAR SHEET dusted with ham flavoured powder. Be sure to eat it with the powder facing up and you'll keep the table powder-free! Slightly sugary, more savory. A crispy bacon glazed with butterscotch and a cup of liquefied caramel popcorn made a sweet drink. An exquisite transition from main course to dessert! An inflated pillow infused with earl grey permeated the room while we cut up EARL GREY COOKIE topped with white chocolate and crunchy strips. My favourite dessert is the tube of bubble gum flavoured CREME FRAICHE. Jelly like in the tube, suck it out and all three layers combined. A chewy consistency of mini tapioca balls and fruity-bubblegum flavoured. Ending the night was the full blown dessert, a CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM frozen by liquid nitrogen. Surrounded by huckleberries, nougat and a dollop of vanilla cream. The crisp sheet decorating the final piece stood out from the soft and cooling ice cream. Service was impeccable. Napkins replaced, water droplets and crumbs wiped off, each course explained thoroughly, and came and left in a syncronised fashion, gracefully and efficiently. *** Tip: Business formal dress code suggested. We made reservations at least a month in advance. Cancellation costs $100 per person! Tasting menu was not that filling but still left me about 80% full. I liked being there at 5pm because we were the first ones to get seated and we were the first ones to get our food. Favourites: Very friendly service, not pretentious at all. Expensive but not disgustingly unaffordable. Do not want: I wanted a little more red meat =p Last words: What an EXPERIENCE!
