Alinea is my first experience on molecular gastronomy. I have to be honest and say that I had low expectations with this type of cuisine since, it's kinda 'freaky' and I thought it was just some commercial invention intended to suck us dry. But I gave Alinea a try after the eventful events I read about Grant Achatz and because this is the top rated Chicago restaurant in Yelp. And boy I was blown away. As expected, there are a lot of unique stuff about the food here that you probably haven't tasted before, unless you've done molecular gastronomy before. All the dishes deliver one way or the other and they were surprisingly very flavorful and on the heavier side, which is fortunately very much to my preference. My favorite would probably be the cauliflower dish. They pureed & cubed it and coated it with 5 different things. I can't remember them now but bacon was one of them. The pork belly with cooked in coconut milk was fantastic too. It wasn't too fanciful and was one of the simpler dish but it was cooked to absolute perfection. One little complain that I concerns the service. Now, the service was very good but I just felt frustrated of the difference in treatment that the other party at the end of the room got. (When I reached the 3rd/4th course, there were only 2 parties in that room). Alinea offers 2 kinds of menu, the tasting (shorter) and the tour (longer); we ordered the tasting and I am 100% sure so did the other party. First, we were not offered a couple of dishes that the other parties were offered. To my anguish, the dish was foei gras and the other one was some candy dessert that I honestly didn't care about. (I'm not a dessert man). When I asked them for an explanation, they gave a very unsatisfactory answer that "the chef cooked different meals for different tables" which actually further proved that we were treated differently. Maybe if we had some dishes that the other party did not have, I'd have understand. Secondly, the servant who described their food to them do it in much detail and was definitely someone senior (Had the suit, tie and all that) but the one who described it to us was, how should I say, some random dude. It was not as if there were no other 'senior' waiters available. In fact, as I mentioned, most of them had nothing to do as the restaurants were kinda quiet when we dined. He was also very short in his description and I had to ask him some questions in order to get the full description of the meal. My and my girlfriends are Chinese, and we are young; now I know that there are some stereotypes that may be Asians are cheapskates and young ones wouldn't understand 'complex' food anyway and I can accept that anywhere else but not in a restaurant like Alinea. I DO understand those foods and I expect those guys to explain it fully to me. But after all that, I would still give them 5 stars. Their service was still very good and polite and as hard as it is to accept, I am a supporter of preferential treatment as well. In a business, obviously you'd treat your regular customer differently but damn, it kinda sucked being on the receiving end and this was my first experience.
