A surprising Michelin Star awarded gastropub in an unassuming neighborhood hot spot where hipsters come together to dine over such items like wild boar sloppy joes paired with a good bottle of whiskey. Their menu items change frequently so something I was able to try may no longer be offered on your visit. Slow Roasted Cauliflower -- Melt-in-your-mouth cauliflower slow roasted to perfection. Lentil, and carmelized onion is what supported the cauliflower while the entire dish was topped with cucumber raita and mango. A lot of different flavors that all came together to give the usually distasteful vegetable a wonderful taste. Wild Boar Sloppy Joe -- The infamous Sloppy Joe everyone boasts about when Longman & Eagle is mentioned. You will see a slew of pictures of this average Joe burger that has been gussied up by Chef Jared Wentworth. Boring ground beef simply isn't good enough around these parts. You're getting wild boar in this sloppy Joe. To top that off, there's also lightly deep-fried onion, pickled jalapeno and crispy sage. Think you're getting regular fries with that? Think not because Chef Wentworth wants you to pair your Wild Boar Sloppy Joe with some fries fried with beef fat. Couldn't really tell the difference with the beef frat fries but there was a new type of flavor that you don't normally taste with fries. Warm Gruyere Donuts -- Deep fried sweet bread shaped into donuts stuffed with hazelnut mascarpone sitting on lightly sweet fig jam and drizzled with honey. The donut bread tasted like it had just popped out of the oven with a sweet aroma that whaffs through your nostrils. It just brings you back and beg for more. Dark Chocolate Crispy Fernet Pave -- Easily the favorite of the night. The dark chocolcate pave was flavored with a hint of fernet. Think elegant chocolate bar with caramel pudding and gelato. Dark chocolate is bitter but when you pair it with caramel and sweet gelato, it complimented each other well. We all had to fight for the last bite. Our waiter was adorable and took the time to explain some of the menu items. We never had the issue of flagging someone down. If you're not taking the train, then there is plenty of street parking nearby.
