I must find a Carnivale equivalent in SF. This place is awesome. The kind of place I would want to plan group outings to often.  My girlfriend and I headed out early to hang at the bar before our 8pm dinner reservation. We feel pretty fortunate that we made it cuz our taxi driver was clueless and drove us clear across town to the Lincoln Park area before realizing the address was Fulton Street and not Fullerton Street (WTF?!?!) --- we made lemonade from lemons and decided it was a fun way to see another part of town.... a charming area as far as we could tell.  Anyhoo.... we made it to the restaurant after our little "detour", we were early still. We sat at the bar and our fabulously Latino bartender hooked us up with a pair of pomegranate margarita martinis - yum! they disappeared quickly - and a "small" order of guac & chips (I think there were two full avocados in that order). Our buzzer vibrated telling us it was time for dinner and although they tried to seat us in the corner of a a chilly side room, we asked to be seated in the main dining room (it's stunning room with giant colored lamps, great lighting, wine cellar off the ceiling, and a beautifully, warm ambiance). We got our way, thank goodness. It was fun place to dine.  Our waitress was nice enough. Perhaps a bit pretentious, but nice enough.  We shared a few items: the Kampachi cheviche, the pork empanada and the Carne Aguayon (NY Strip steak). I am drooling just remembering our meal. The Kampachi was melt-in-your-mouth delicious, with a vineger and jalapeno bite, which complemented the buttery fish well. The pork empanada was tasty, decadent, and hits the spot for those in need of comfort food. The Carne Aguayon was completely ridiculous. I cannot imagine what I would have done if I was solely responsible for that entree. The filet was supposed to be a 6 oz piece but we barely made a dent in it. The potatoes? I will have dreams about these potatoes for years ---- DELISH.... like pommes frites on steriods. They were huge. Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, piping hot and covered with parmesan (I think) cheese. Crack cocaine, I tell you.  It was a fabulous meal, but I am sad we could not bring the leftovers home as we were traveling.  I am ON A MISSION to find a Carnivale comparable in SF.  Any ideas or suggestions are much appreciated! : )
