Tons of people recommended this place to me! I heard the line is normally super long, but me and my bf went here around 3 on a Wednesday, so it was a totally random hour of the day! We only had to wait in line for about 10 minutes because they were super efficient, which was fine because the menu was quite extensive! As soon as we got to the front of the line, Doug greeted us with his friendly smiley face! He seems like a really awesome and chirpy guy, who really enjoys owning his business. He made some great recommendations to us, but was not pushy in the least. We ended up getting a mighty meat (came w/ buffalo, antelope, and all kinds of heavy meats) dog, the salma hayek (kind of spicy with andouille sausage), a classic Chicago style dog, and the foie gras one that everyone kept hyping up on Yelp. The mighty meat tasted very interesting and surprisingly, was one of my favorite dogs - then again, I'm a major meat eater, so I eagerly scarfed this one down! The salma hayek was good, but nothing special - I probably wouldn't order it again. I LOVED the Chicago style dog. This was my first time having one and it tasted just like a hot dog with typical hamburger fixings, such as pickles! So so good! Lastly, the foie gras one was DISGUSTING. I'm sorry, but it just was. I still can't believe I paid $9+ for that stupid hot dog because it tasted nastyyyyy - the texture is totally fatty and falls apart greasily in your mouth, just like lard does. For those Asians, the taste of the actual dog is comparable to bright pink Chinese sausage - only it tastes worse. I still want to barf, just thinking about this hot dog. Thankfully, my loving bf ate this hot dog because he didn't wanna waste money and instead, let me eat the tastier dogs :) He's the best! So to reiterate...do NOT order the foie gras hot dog!!! If I could go back, I would go here on a Friday, so I can get some of them duck fat fries! Those sound freaking delish!!! But...hot diggity dog! This place is mad cool and I would definitely come back.
