I give the market portion of Fox & Obel 4 stars as it is beautiful, has wonderful & interesting food selections, and it a bit pricey. But no worse than Whole Foods, and a lot more interesting! I give the restaurant portion of Fox & Obel 2 stars, and this is what my review is really for. Apparently, you used to be able to order a the counter and then sit in the room overlooking the river, but when we visited in the beginning of August, they had let some regular patrons know that they are now a full service restaurant and that the counter service orders should be enjoyed where they are ordered. The ambiance was perfect, we had just flown in from Boston and checked into our hotel and needed some yummy breakfast as we were up long before the rooster crows to catch our flight. I immediately zoned in on the, say what, TRUFFLED Eggs Bene, while my husband decided on the special of biscuits and gravy with what I believe was chorizo. Well we were as giddy as two school girls waiting for our delicious sounding food. And we waited, and we waited...and the longer our wait, the less giddy we were, and the more starved we were. Finally, long after we had sat down (approximately 30 minutes in a mostly empty restaurant) the food was brought to our table. All was forgotten by the wonderful smells that wafted through our noses, mmmmmm breakfast! Then we tasted it...and it was just, eh. To be fair, the sauces were delicious (i.e the truffled hollandaise and the chorizo gravy), but the breads were inedible. My english muffin was completely untoasted and stale tasting and my poached eggs were so overcooked that they should have been hard boiled. My husbands fluffy looking biscuits were horrible salty and stale. What on earth took this kind of food so long?!?!? It was like pulling teeth trying to nail down the server for our check, as she never stopped by to check what we though of our meals, and in all reality, we just wanted to leave at that point. We had spent well over 1.5 hours for terrible food and horrible service. I have heard wonderful things about their counter service portion of the store and hope to visit again to give that a chance, but as for the full service restaurant, stay away!!
