To be fair, I'm going to write this review in two parts. Part uno: Margaritas 101 - the inspiration to go to Carnivale in the first place. Part dos: Dinner - what we had after the class. Part Uno - 3/5 stars A friend sent me the invitation to Carnivale's "Margaritas 101," a "hands-on class featuring two mouthwatering margarita recipes from Carnivale's cocktail menu" (as the invitation stated exactly). The invitation also went on to say that we would be sampling appetizers along with the margaritas. Great, right? I was thinking wow, what a great deal; a two hour class with food and drinks for only $25! Now, the mixologist, Daryl Freeman, was a great host. He had a good presence in the room and presented the information about margaritas very clearly, and dang does he know how to make a good margarita! I liked both the Blood Orange Margarita and the traditional one, and they went really well with the guacamole that was sitting at the table. But the "appetizers?" One bite-sized arepa and one bite-sized ropa vieja. Seriously? Don't get me wrong - the flavor was delicious and of course I wanted more, but that was the problem - there wasn't more. It was 7:30, an hour in to the supposedly two hour long class, and we were done with both the food and drink! Maybe I'm overreacting, but that just did not live up to my expectations at all. It did accomplish probably what they were hoping it would accomplish...we quick made a reservation via opentable and ran downstairs to fill up our bellies, which leads me to.... Part dos: 4/5 stars They actually sat us earlier than our reservation, which seems to not be the norm based on several of the other reviews. As soon as we entered the main dining room, I was really in awe. I'm not typically one to take pictures at restaurants, but the decor was just fabulous. I was mesmerized by the changing backlights of the wine displays all night. Our server, Michael, was nice but clearly stretched thin with all of his responsibilities. He warned us that the kitchen was behind, but our Mixto Ceviche came out in a completely reasonable timeframe (although it did take an additional 10 minutes after we finished it for me to get my flight of wine). I was a huge fan of the ceviche, but the man friend wasn't, as he said it was too tangy (so I guess that means he doesn't like ceviche at all, since tang/citrus is kind of critical). Our dinners were phenomenal: the Churrasco and the Chupe de Mariscos. I loved the marinade with my seafood, and the scallops were particularly mouthwatering. The man friend enjoyed his steak, which was cooked to perfection and had no fat, so he cleaned his plate. More generally speaking, it was a Wednesday night and it was packed, so I could see why one wouldn't want to come without a reservation. I do think, however, that the ambiance and atmosphere exceeded my expectations and made up for my less-than-stellar experience in the class. Next time I'll come back with a bigger group and we'll have ourselves a little par-tay at the Carnivale!
