Holy fucking shit. I have no idea what the hell I just ate at this place. All I know is that it was damn good and criminally inexpensive. This restaurant is decidedly not geared toward Western patrons as there are no explanations as to what the menu items are. They presume you will know what they are, which I didn't; and notwithstanding that they spoke reasonably good English, the communication barrier made it too difficult to get satisfactory explanations of what each menu item was.So in the end I basically pointed at two items on the menu and said "bring me that and that." Lucky for me, they turned out to be very good choices. And I picked two because I figured, at five and six bucks respectively, they couldn't have been particularly filling dishes. Wrong. Trust me when I tell you I have a hearty appetite, and I still couldn't finish the second dish. Yep, walked in with 11 bucks and waddled out. (Note to self: one dish will suffice the next time you're there.) That means for 5 to 8 bucks you can get a crazy-tasty and thoroughly satisfying meal. And that's exactly what I look for in hole-in-the-wall ethnic eateries like this. Take note of their goofy hours, however: 6pm to 6am. Great for insomniacs like me (and/or cab drivers), not so great if you're on the prowl for cheap ethnic eats at lunch time. Speaking of "hole in the wall," this place looks a little too much like a literal hole in the wall. In fact, one of their walls was unfinished, with studs showing. So this hole-in-the-wall place literally has a hole in the wall. The utter lack of ambiance (and the level of just plain clutter) is one reason why it didn't quite merit a 5-star rating. The other was the mostly inattentive service, though I'm willing to concede that might just be a cultural difference. I don't know if it was Indian food or Pakistani food or some combination of both seeing how Lahore is in the Punjab region of Pakistan. The only material difference I could tell between this and Indian food is that beef dishes were available. Whatever it was, it was damn tasty stuff. I will certainly be back, though probably for carryout instead of dine-in. EDIT 4/2011: Everything, and I mean everything, on the menu at this place is so damn good that I'm completely over the "third-world cluttered dive" ambiance. In fact this might be my favorite restaurant in the entire city. Rating bumped from 4 stars to 5!
