I honestly don't know how to start this review so I'm just going to dive right in and hopefully something good will come from it. A few friends were moving to Boston and so as a final farewell we chose to eat here. There were 6 adults and two young children in our group. We ordered a set meal where we got to pick 5 meat dishes that also came with some noodles and a seafood pancake. After about 5-10 minutes of ordering, the waitress doles out the 5000 mini dishes that come with the meal. After this we had no more room for anything and began to frantically empty dishes for them to take away. Some of the items are a little more of an acquired taste if you are used to Korean dishes. I'm not, so I stuck with the potato salad and some noodles. I went for the seafood pancake, but once I saw a huge octopus tentacle sticking out like it wanted to grab me, I think I threw up a little in my mouth and promptly declined a slice (If you know me, you know that octopus is not my friend). A waiter then brought the grills for our meat. We had to decline one as the 2 kids that were with us were too young to know not to touch a blazing hot grill. I think this confused our server by... A LOT and they shuffled away not knowing what to do with themselves. But who cares, bring on the meat! And bring it they did. First came beef and pork. In the middle of grilling these two massive plates of meat, our waitress came with our plate of chicken. We literally had no room for it. My friend asked our waitress if she could bring out some courses a little bit slower, but either she didn't care or didn't understand, and proceeded to place our RAW chicken on top of said friend's water glass. yes...I am not kidding you. She then walked off yelling something in Korean. Ok, I get it. We're the minority white people that decided to have dinner here and I guess we don't understand the concept of grilling meat. Except that...we do get it. Just bring out the food slower is all we are asking. This is why I deducted a star. Otherwise, the food is great. Make sure your party knows how to cook meat well, otherwise you risk getting sick the next day. I've read reviews where the service is slow and horrible, but our table got the opposite effect...we had so much food plopped on our table, we didn't know what to do with it! I do want to come back though.
