So you *think* you like food... When you go to Alinea, be prepared to have your world spun around and turned completely upside down because this experience will completely change the way you think about food (in a good way, of course). Alinea might have just been named the best restaurant in the US (#7 in the world) for 2010, but to me Alinea will always be one of the best experience I've ever had in my life. Chef Achatz have done everything from the minimalistic decor, the use of scents in some of his dishes (lavender air slowly coming out of a pillow that your plate is sitting on), the use of visuals ("plating" food on a silicone mat on your table right in front of you), the use of unique serving "vessels" (a piece of bacon sitting on a swing, come on man!!) to get you to indulge in your senses during your time at Alinea. The "truffle explosion" that I had was probably the best bite I've EVER had in my life. I'd love nothing more than to find the remote control that control my life and just hit pause there for a little while (and then maybe rewind and play in slow motion after that). For what it's worth, I would recommend the tasting menu (~12 courses) as opposed to the tour menu (~20 courses). I left feeling pretty full (and a little drunk) after doing the tasting. Do yourself a favor and go with the wine pairings. Some of the pairings were unbelievable!!! I think that night we ended up getting 14 courses with 9 different wine pairings!! The bottom line is that, yes, this is an outrageous price to be paying for a meal (especially with the wine pairing). But this is a once in a lifetime type experience (unless you've just got a lot of money to burn). You're pretty much paying a premium for perfection. Know that EVERYTHING has been thought out as to make you experience what the geniuses at Alinea want you to experience. You just have to hang on for a few hours for the ride of your life. Note: I called ahead to ask about the camera policy (I didn't want to be rude and understand why some restaurants just don't allow photos all together). But Alinea only forbid flash photography (just turn up your ISO and turn off your flash). The waiters are really nice about telling you when you need to hurry to take the photo before something gets cold.
