First off, I'm not a fan of deep-dish pizza. I much prefer NY style pizza (and no, I'm not from New York.) We always order the thin crust from here anyway, as we live right next door to this location. Or we did, until our last Giordano's experience. We had called ahead for pick-up, our order was placed, and over the phone we told them that we had a coupon for $2 off an order of $10 or more (our order was almost $30). I set off to pick up the pizza, and managed to drop the coupon on my whole half a block walk there (I later found it on the way home.) When I arrived, I told the girl the name on the order and she asked if I had the coupon. I started the search in every pocket on me for this coupon, and while I was looking, the manager, I guess, a large African-American male, began looking at my order on the screen where the girl was about to ring me up. To my horror, he started yelling at her right in front of me, "HOW MANY TIMES HAVE I TOLD YOU NOT TO ENTER THE COUPON ON THE ORDER UNTIL THEY SHOW UP WITH THE COUPON?!!" This made me feel horrible and start to search even more frantically for the coupon in order to redeem her, while she visibly shrank and was obviously embarrassed. I couldn't find the coupon and by this time she had moved on to helping the next customer, so I was left with the horrible and rude manager to ring up my order. I told him I would just pay full price for it, the two dollar coupon was not a big deal to me, really at this point I had only wanted to find it to help out the cashier. I'm not sure if he charged me full price or not as the receipt wasn't itemized, but he didn't say a single word to me while he was ringing me up and barked at another girl to go get my food. I felt horrible for the cashier, and I felt horrible personally as to what I had just witnessed, with NO APOLOGY for his behavior whatsoever. I left with no "thank you", you know, for just spending money at his establishment, and on my way out the door the cashier ran after me and handed me a Giordano's calendar, chock-full with coupons for $2 off a purchase of $10 or more. SHE knew what he had done, and SHE tried to make my experience better. He, on the other hand, completely ruined the experience for me. We're not tourists who come to Giordano's once a year. We live right next door, and we eat a lot of pizza. Sadly, I never want to go through that again. Hopefully they will fire this manager and promote the cashier who tried to preserve their business.
