Good grief--did it really take me TWO YEARS and some three months to reach 100 reviews?!? I think I've reached the age where I'm OK with the fact that I don't always visit the "hot spot" right after all the hot reviews. (perhaps this is why it took so long to get to 100?) I digress. For more than a year, I've been meaning to visit Mercat, only to have something change at the last minute... With a visiting foodie in town, though, I vowed to finally make it this time, and invited Jenny S. along for the ride. We arrived on time for our 7:15 reservation and the hostess was nice when she told us we'd have a short wait. This proved to be accurate as we were seated in about 15 minutes, but in the interim, the downstairs host stand is next to the bar and we lucked into three empty seats and kicked off the evening with a round of drinks. I went for the Two Brothers draft but the others opted for the merengue--which smelled delicious--and the mojito. Both bartenders provided excellent service while juggling the rather boisterous lounge patrons at the time. Upstairs, once seated, three of us immediately dove into the menu, each choosing two tapas/courses to share. The best of the best: Butternut squash dumplings with lamb ragout. The grilled shrimp were the most traditional thing we tried but that shouldn't count against it. Excellent presentation and nice flavor. The La Peral cow's cheese almost made me weep if only because I was too stuffed to eat or order more of it! The good: Dates wrapped in bacon and stuffed with almonds (an always dependable dish but am I being high maintenance wanting more than 4 per order?); Seafood paella--generous servings of fish but a bit lacking in flavor. Still a solid dish. The fennel and white bean salad arrived late in the meal and as a result, we didn't finish it, but it was flavorful and had a nice portioning. The meh: Mango sorbet started out sweet and nearly destroyed my throat at the end. Say what? There's red pepper in there? Put it on the menu please. While the service overall was solid, it's a bit annoying when you have to ask twice to see the wine list. Also, our waiter never stayed put for long and I had to ask him for more water. Not a huge issue, but guests should never have to ask for water. I'd visit again for sure. I agree with some others that it's a bit pricey.
