I've been coming to Longman and Eagle since they opened, but after my last two experiences, I feel compelled to write a review. First of all, the positives: the drinks are still good, and the wine selections and specials are good. The food has taken a dive. The first meal I had here was one of my best in Chicago just after they opened. Recently, we came here for dinner. After waiting over an hour and a half on an early Thursday night (which was fine), we got a waiter who didn't treat us well all night. His lack of listening skills were even more apparent when something never showed up, and he later tried to blame it on someone else. His upselling was also over the top, after which he would then disappear for extended periods of time. And we would have been ok with the waiter, if the food hadn't been so blah. We were a group of 4, sharing dishes, so we ordered a LOT of dishes, and besides the fact that they all needed seasoning desperately, they also shared the common trait of having nothing that made them special. We did like the desserts, but mostly we ordered them because we were still starving and hadn't seen the waiter at the right time to get more food. We also were given a look of disdain when we asked for salt, as though we couldn't possibly think there was anything wrong with the food. So then, I decided to give it another try, for brunch, because I live in the area, and want to support local business. I had the crab benedict. Not only was the egg white on the poached egg so uncooked and unappetizing that I could barely swallow it, the crab seemed like it was a lower grade product (super fishy), and again, we had to steal a bottle of salt (didn't feel like getting judged this time) to try to make the food edible. I would like to note that the Yukon potatoes that came with my dish were excellent and well seasoned, but it just annoys me that they did a good job on the side dish when the main course was so poor. I'm not sure I'll be coming back here, save for drinks, after this last round. Lula's across the square is serving killer brunch, and we're lucky in Chicago that we have plenty of places to go to that serve adventurous food, and most of them know how to season it!
