Another birthday celebration at a Brazilian steak house. Fogo is one of those downtown joints where the prices are scary high, but for the most part the food is wonderful, and the service outstanding. I always kid that when I go there I want gauchos with swords loaded with flaming meat, running between the tables singing gaucho songs (whatever those might be.) Well there are no flaming swords here, and no singing, but there are waiters dressed as gauchos, skewers of meat and service perilously close to them running between tables. They literally swarm the tables offering meat, replenishing the side dishes and refilling glasses. It's a little overwhelming at first, but you're paying top dollar for the service and you get the best. The food is very good. There's a big salad bar filled with enough food that you could easily make your whole meal on that. I found Waldorf salad in one of the bowls! When was the last time you saw Waldorf salad anywhere? One of my dining companions said she thought it was bigger than the one at Texas de Brazil, but I disagree. However that hardly matters since it's all wonderful. As for the entrees, I found the meat served rarer than what I'd asked for, not that it was a huge problem for me, I'm just sayin'. Most of it was very good, though there was one cut -- forgive me I don't recall which one, it was all so overwhelming -- that was just tough, and the Parmesan-crusted pork that was dry with a powdery coating of Parmesan that was less than appealing.  The sausages, while good, were definitely not as tasty as the ones at Texas de Brazil. The polenta was excellent, the potatoes good and the plantains only fair. I think they were overcooked.  The cheesy-poufs? So good I'm convinced there's crack in them. Totally addictive. Desserts are very good. Good creme brulee, good molten chocolate cake, and a special which was fresh papaya blended with ice cream and topped with creme de cassis.  Also, very good coffee. The wine list is big, and so are the prices. At a glance, I'd say that the cheapest bottle you can find there would be in the high thirty-dollar range. The majority of bottles range from about $40-$60, and by the glass? Well if there's more than two people at the table, buy the bottle. The tab came to over $300 for three of us, with tip but without cocktails. It's about what I expected for that level of service in that area. And that means you really, really have to like the whole experience to go and drop that sort of money. Fortunately we all do. YMMV.
