AVOID THE CONGRESS PLAZA HOTEL AT ALL COSTS! When we arrived there, the building architecture was undoubtedly fascinating, it soon became obvious that the hotel is not being properly maintained. Setting the dirty carpets and dark, dirty, hallways aside, our first disturbing discovery was an unlocked door on the 7th floor next to the vending area. This unlocked door opens into a shaft used for plumbing and other infrastructure, however, one, especially, a child, could easily fall down to the lower floors and be seriously injured or killed. It shocks me that the hotel can remain in operation with such serious safety hazards. At approximately 11:20 p.m., we discovered a BED BUG in the bed in one of our rooms! We immediately gathered the evidence, took pictures, and called the front desk. The front desk did not seem surprised by our discovery and acted as if we were inconveniencing them! The front desk sent a security officer to the room at approximately 11:40 p.m., who also did not act surprised. The officer had us fill out a security report and took pictures of the bug. The security officer advised us that the manager will move one room. Since we had three rooms on the floor, two of which were adjoining rooms, we went to the front desk, with the bug, to request that all of our rooms are moved. Again, the night manager acted as if we were inconveniencing him. He first advised us that the hotel was almost to capacity and that we would not get three rooms together on another floor. Like magic, however, the new rooms that we received were all in the same hallway, on the same floor, two of which were again adjoining! We checked our new rooms thouroughly for any bed bugs and did not find any. We then went to bed, but did not get much sleep with the thought that bed bugs could be just feet away. What a way to spend New Year's Eve! The next morning, I called American Express Travel to report the issue. After an hour of busy signals and getting disconnected, I eventually spoke with a supervisor, explained the issue, and requested a full refund for our three rooms. The AmEx supervisor called the hotel's manager on duty, Francine, on a three-way call. Francine said that she would call me back shortly with more information. She never called me back and I went to the front desk to follow-up. She said that she was authorized by the hotel's general manager, Shakeel Siddiqu to refund one room and I reported that it was unacceptable. We asked her to call Shakeel back and explain the situation again. She went into the office and supposedly called him back, however, I do not believe that she did. She again said that they would refund one room and would need to call American Express Travel to discuss the issue further. I then asked for a copy of the security report that was filed the night before. She told me that the security office would not give her a copy, but they would give me a copy. I proceeded to the security office in the basement of the hotel and was told that they would not give me a copy of the report until it was reviewed by the director of security. The security personnel is a total joke and more concerned with pointing out wrongs in their colleagues than helping customers. They provided the report number only and said that they would fax the report later. Ultimately, it is obvious that the hotel's lack of concern for its guests stems directly from the hotel's shady owners and all the way through the incompetent management. I do not think a single member of their staff has any idea was customer service is. I also doubt they know they are working in a service industry! After checking out of the hotel, I performed some due dilligence on the hotel. I wish I would have done so before our stay, rather than trusting American Express Travel. I found that our story is not by any means new or isolated. Members of UNITE HERE Local 1 working at the Congress Hotel have been on strike since 2003 after the hotel decided to freeze wages and slash benefit. The Congress Plaza Hotel simply does not care about its guests or employees. The hotel, its owners, and its management ar
