OOooooohhhh...how I waivered between two and three stars...I finally had to give in and just do the three. I think my reasoning here might be an echo of what has previously been stated: good pizza, horrible attitude. I could drink their sauce straight...this is my kind of pizza: forget the whole New York/Chicago style debate. Great crust. When it's done right. Aaaannndd...here it is: it's not always done right. I have been here about five times now and three out of those five the pizza was excellent and I was craving more the minute I got home. Those other two: once my pizza and my dining companions were ICE cold. We ended up just eating them because we tried to flag someone down and got no response, and after having waited 40 minutes plus for a table and then another 20 for service...well, we were quite hungry. The other bad time we waited about an hour for a table (and by the way, overlooked and practically ignored by the "nice" person handing out cheese, etc.), listened to (whom I can only presume was) the owner schmoooze a table full of drunken hioty-toity richies who I swear one of which was called "Bunny" for another twenty minutes while we watched numerous servers argue about whose section we were sitting in. The owner just continued nto talk, literally almost over my shoulder to these people, about his theories on freshness and dining, all the while we were sitting there, waiting and waiting and waiting without even a glass of water or a "hello." Seriously, if you own a place (or have a big enough stake in it that you can not be working but just schmoozing for that long), wouldn't you want to treat ALL your customers nicely? How does he know how thick my (or my dining companions) wallet is? We were treated second class all the way. It's not like we walked in stinking, it's not like we ignored a dress code, this place is super casual. It would have taken minimal effort for him to lean over and say, "are you being helped?" Anyone with eyes could see we had been sitting there for too long. Especially if you're standing i the same spot for as long as he was. Uhg. Uhg. I take it back, I just got so angry writing this I'm taking away a star. I really REALLY wish the service and attitude was better here. Really, Really, Really. Really.
