Sorry Rick Bayless... Not impressed. I was dying to try this place after several foodie/non-foodie friends recommended it, and with the Rick Bayless name behind it there was no question that I had to go. I've been a Rick Bayless fan since I was a kid watching One Plate at a Time on Channel 11 so I was really looking forward to this visit. To my dismay, the experience and food quality was just NOT up to par. After working at one of the city's River North hot spots, I understand what it is like trying to seat your tables with what is open so I was not surprised about the 20 minute wait for lunch on a Wednesday afternoon. As we were waiting for our table, the host kept asking us to move down closer to the register which made it really awkward for those that were ordering to go with us breathing down their necks behind them. Once we were finally told to order, we went to the assigned table number to find that we were sharing the table with a couple who was already in the middle of their meal. This is something that normally wouldn't bother me (again from formerly hostessing at a restaurant using the same seating practice), but the fact that there was an empty table for 4 right next to us which never got sat throughout our meal is disappointing. To start we ordered chips and guac. It was overall pretty tasty, but there was a little too much lime to my taste. Then our tortas come out, we ordered the chicken, short rib and chorizo: Presentation - not appealing. For the price of this sandwich, I expected better presentation instead of it cut in half sitting in a basket over a piece of parchment paper. And for functionality it was difficult to eat from, plain and simple. Taste - pretty bland, and not the best quality which is what set me off! At a place with this kind of prestige I expected good cuts of meat, yet the chicken was very fatty and chewy (made me want to gag, chicken fat is not the good kind...) Besides the fat it just wasn't very flavorful... we didn't even touch the other half of this torta. My short rib was really tough and dry, and the chorizo was a little too greasy. With the short rib there was pickled jalepeno on it, so I was expecting a little heat and spicyness but there wasn't any of that. Disappointing yet again. Bread could have been good. For how chewy it was the toasted top part got too hard as it cooled and scratched our mouths a little more than preferred when eating this type of bread. For all the hype I had high expectations. I understand that Xoco is trying to bring Mexican fare alive in a new way, but for the prices you pay you can do much better than Xoco with the quality of food presented to you and experience. The only positive thing I can say is that I was full after this meal. Not impressed.
