My husband and I have probably eaten at Grand Lux Caf more than any other place in Chicago. Usually we go for an early lunch or a late dinner in order to avoid the crowds and long wait times, because yes if you are trying to get a table here on a Friday or Saturday night you can expect wait about two hours.  I love it here because it has something for everyone - salads, sandwiches, pastas, chicken and steaks - pretty much whatever you are in the mood for they will have it in some form on the menu. Works great for us most of the time because it seems that one of us is always on a "diet" so we go here so the dieter can get a yummy salad while the other can order a delicious fatty meal. I love the sourdough bread they bring out to you before you get your meal - they usually bring you both white and wheat bread which is good for my husband and I because he (being the more healthy eater of our duo) is into wheat and I am into white so thus we are never fighting over the last piece of bread. Between my hubby and I we have probably sampled almost everything on the menu and have never had a dish we have not liked. My hubby's favorite dish is the spicy flatbread chicken sandwich. My favorites are the burger melt, pasta del sol and the buffalo chicken rolls. I would also recommend the southwest chicken salad and the stuffed potato spring rolls! Portions are fairly large so a meal along with the bread they give you usually leaves you pretty full.  Last time I was here I got the Grand Lux Burger Melt and wow it was absolutely delicious! I think part of the reason I loved it so much was because the bread it was on was not the traditional hamburger bun but some crispy parmesan flat bread that was yummy yummy! With all the "meat" restaurants around Grand Lux (ie Webber Grill) I was pleasantly surprised to be so satisfied by a burger here.  The best seats in the house are the ones that are overlooking Michigan and the last time we ate here we were lucky enough to snag one of the coveted booths that did just that which was really nice even for us city folk who witness the splendor that is the magnificent mile on a daily basis.   Oh I should also mention that on our recent trips to Grand Lux we have had an infant in tow along with a decent size stroller. The staff has been extremely accommodating and friendly about seating us in a booth so that our lil baby can sit in her car seat with us while she eats. Also, there is an elevator that can easily be taken up to the dining area which is very helpful to us. One time we were here the elevator was broken which was mildly annoying, but we were able to get the stroller and baby up the escalators without much of a problem. So, even with the crowds that can develop here, I would say that it is a very kid friendly restaurant that definitely makes us even more likely to be back many times in the future!
