So, I was early for a movie at the AMC River East 21 and hadn't eaten dinner yet. Without knowing the area that well, I ventured out and found Fox & Obel. "Perfect place to grab a quick sandwich and bottled water," I mused. This would be my first visit to Fox & Obel. My plan was to smuggle food into the theater, thereby avoiding theater prices... (silly boy; think again) It was a nice store overall. I found that the bottled beverages (water, fruit juices) were separated in the store by brand name (instead of having all beverages in one location). I had to scout around the store to find what I wanted. I was looking for either Odwalla, Bolthouse Farms or Naked juice. I choose an Odwalla juice and was pleased to see a large variety of flavors, unlike some stores that feature only a handful of the more popular ones. Same scouting adventure for bottled water, but I found the brand I wanted. The pre-made sandwiches and wraps were convenient. But at $7 for a sandwich, I was second guessing convenience! A trip over to the cafe section revealed higher prices for freshly made fare, so I opted for a pre-made refrigerated wrap. (It wasn't $7 good and tasty though; just kind of average.) I also found a brand of granola that I like (picked up a bag) and spied a freezer with several flavors of Ciao Bella sorbet which was recommended to me by another Yelper (opted not to buy sorbet at this time). So these extra finds were a pleasant surprise. To me, Fox & Obel was like a "designer market" with "designer prices". Regular shopping here is out of my price range, but they do have some hard to find items that make them worth a look and an occasional splurge. I give them 4-stars for convenience and hard to find items; and 2-stars for the high "designer prices" and the over-priced, average tasting wrap. That comes to a 3-star rating for me. (Back to the movie theater) I managed to smuggle all that food into the theater. I cringed as the loud, crinkling sound of the cellophane plastic that encircled my designer food permeated the air with a deafening static-type sound. I tried to muffle the sound a bit but gave up and let the cellophane sing boisterously to those around me! All was forgiven as the movie started. Of course, that was until I finished my wrap and had to wad up the overly vocal cellophane wrap to stash in my bag. Luckily, the movie was a good one and no one really focused on the sound of the cellophane (I think?).
