There are better breakfast places people. Period.  I have been here twice so I know this wasn't just an "off" day as the first time I came the experience was very similar.  Over-priced (by a lot, lot - $70 for two people after tip, are you fucking kidding me?? It's breakfast!! and not a 5 star, 4 coursed one- just a normal breakfast!!) ***********$14 for 2 orange juices!! It doesn't take an army to fresh squeeze them you jerks - how on earth were the juices more than my actual meal. Total and deliberate rip off, Who the F@$& do these people think they are?? Bring your own water bottle with juice in it if you have to.*************** We began with the Poptarts starter, my friend got the eggs nanadicts which is their take on the eggs Benedict and I got the duck biscuits and gravy, 2 oranges juices. That should have been more in the $20 per person range, not $35 per person. So lemme just tell you - the cooks are no pastry chefs. Seriously, they need to take some classes or just hire a pastry chef because they're doing things all wrong. The poptarts were sincerely unique, plated beautifully and were my favorite. The pastry itself though was not done under the first crispy layer, it was still flour-y and doughy.Everything else about it was pretty darn good though. The filling was tart but in that good way, the frosting was complimentary (although could probably use a touch more to help balance the tartness), the macadamia nut brittle was a unique bonus crumbled over the dish (albeit it didn't make any damn sense to have it). All in all I may just head back here one day just to give these poptarts another go, see if the cooks manage to cook the dough all the way through next time. The duck biscuits and gravy... don't get me fucking started. What the heck man? First off, way too much food and there is absolutely no point for the egg to go along with the dish itself, especially when it's just plopped on top with no place to go. It just doesn't belong.  The gravy was "ok" but there wasn't enough of it for the amount of bisquit, there were larger pearl onions overpowering it and taking up space in my dish (especially being that I despise onions and these greasy, slimy little things really turned me off). The duck itself was a little....... off. Not completely gross or wrong as I would have sent it back, but just... off. Either a little too gamy or it was reheated. Nothing special what so ever. And the biscuits... oh boy the bisquits were all wrong. Again, they were under cooked, waaaaaaaaay too dense and floury, they're called "cheddar" biscuits but I didn't notice a cheddary thing about them (not even a little bit, really).... I have tried dozens of biscuits and gravy over my years, it's my thing, my go-to... these were the WORST biscuits and gravy I have ever had. I've had better at truck stops during road trips. To finalized they were plated inside a bowl dish which was all wrong. I had no room to eat my food and the dish just became this big swimming bowl of broken up pieces of biscuit, gravy, greasy onions, some green peas or green onion and the two eggs that just kept getting in my gosh darn way. I was so irritable after eating there. That's no bueno. Last but not least the hostess at the front of the joint was stuck-up and unfriendly. That should have told me to leave and head somewhere else straight from the git-go.  This place has such potential!! What I feel the problem is the head chef is far too ambitious with the dishes and doesn't know when to just stop. Stop and let the food speak for itself. Instead one random thing is built upon the other until the dish is just ruined. Very amateur.
