Disappointing appetizer, blah service and incredibly LOUD MUSIC, take away a full star from this otherwise solid hamburger-hipster brew joint. Went last Saturday and was seated by a way-too-cool-for school hostess who sniffed towards the general direction of our table. Our waiter promptly showed up ten minutes later and mumbled something about drinks. The throbbing extremely loud music made it even harder to hear what he was saying. General pointing and grunting made us understand that he wanted us to order already... Ordered two Pablo Picasso's (house brewed beers) a glass of Malbec, a calamari appetizer and he was off. Conversation was limited to "What?" and "Huh" because the music was EXTREMELY LOUD. After a very looooong while, our drinks and a teeny rather puny plate of 10 palid calamari rings was set before us. The rings were decorated with almonds and pieces of grilled asparagus and sat atop a red pepper crema. Sounds really good doesn't it? Unfortunately, it was just meh. The beer was not to anyone's taste at the table being described alternately as Pablo's secret shame and a bad mix of wine and beer. Our lunch order was taken, and retaken since the same pulsating EXTREMELY LOUD music continued on. Thirty minutes later, voila... our meal was served. And here's where the semi- bad experience starts to take a turn for the better. Three of us ordered hamburgers, and one, the Flemish Beef Stew with mashed potatoes. All the hamburgers were cooked to perfection atop deliciously soft-yet sturdy buns. The hamburger eaters ordered different toppings (the Forest burger with avocado, the Hombre burger with egg and cheese, the Working Man) and different sides, two with mashed potatoes and one with fries. Nice crisp lettuce leaf and actual red tasty tomato accompanied each burger. Really very, very good. I normally eat only half my burger and take the rest home, it was so delicious that before I knew it I had eaten the whole thing. The Flemish Beef Stew, however, was the star of the show. Delicious melt in your mouth meat chunks swimming in a dark, velvety sauce with root vegetables punctuating and emphasizing each delectable spoonful. In the same dish the mashed potatoes though quite good could not help but be second best. The waiter showed up after our meal had been devoured, and left the bill. Finito, no dessert offered, no thanks for coming in, no after dinner drink proffered, which is just as well since we were all stuffed. Bill paid, the constant drum beat that had accompanied us throughout lunch, helped launch us out the door. Not likely I will return, but I will remember the burger and stew fondly.
