I've been wanting to try TBA for awhile now, at the recommendation of a former co-worker who loves good, juicy burgers as much as I do. The fact that they have unique combos and flavors just added fuel to the fire, and I had.to.go. So, it's probably been about four months since I first heard of TBA, and finally had the chance to go earlier this week. 1. Street parking is ample, and if you don't mind walking a block or two, you can avoid the pay-boxes. 2. The location is easy to get to. 3. It's LOUD, but FUN. I like that all of the artwork is for sale. 4. The crowd is ECLECTIC. I was surrounded by hipsters, musicians, the tattoo'd and non-tattoo'd alike, the girly girls, and even the older folks. Everyone got along just fine. Is TBA the center of the space-time continuum? 5. The beer/cocktail/drink list is massive, and ANYONE can find something. I didn't try it, but it was the first time I've seen alcoholic ginger beer on a menu, anywhere. Next time, f'sho. 6. The food ROCKED! I can't confirm, but the burgers were definitely formed on site, and from the taste and texture, probably also ground on site. The toppings to choose from made it difficult for me to decide on what I wanted, but I finally ended up with "The Frenchie" which is topped with spinach, truffle mayo, fried onion straws, and LOTS of melty brie. The only thing I would change about this burger is it needed something to cut all of the richness. I think that's what the onions were there for, but it just didn't do it. The onion either needs to be raw, or it needs something in addition, like... BACON. Bacon would've been perfect on that burger. The BF had the BLT&BC burger, which he devoured within minutes. He said the flavors were spot-on. I didn't add seasoning to my fries (next time, I certainly will) and he had the "firecracker" which the server told us was made with scotch bonnets. You have been warned!!! 7. I didn't see anywhere on the menu where you could "add" to your burger. I am a big fan of sunnyside eggs on pretty much anything, but the burgers that included it also had a ton of other ish I didn't want. If they want to keep the integrity of their burgers, I'm all for it, just an observation. 8. The only thing I *wasn't* a fan of, was the house made ketchup. Call me crazy, it just didn't taste right, probably because it wasn't laced with sugar and preservatives. 9. The service was spot-on. It seemed we had more than one server, but all were attentive and friendly. Also, when we mentioned that were suburbanites, they were happy to give us suggestions on other places to go right in the area, for some frozen yogurt, a drink, etc. I am already salivating at the thought of going back and trying another burger. One of our servers said that the "Elvis" (bacon and peanut butter) is really good, even though it sounds weird. Bonus, the peanut butter is homemade. I'll give it a shot.
