A Hamburger/Salad Bar combo doesn't get much better than this! Since we live in the neighborhood, this is our I-don't-feel-like-cooking-or-dressing-up-to-go-out-some-place-upscale-but-want-a-good-meal restaurant. I always order the salad bar and, about 90 percent of the time, a Works burger to accompany it. On a message board next to the display of scrumptious vegetables, Grunt's informs its customers that many of the items have been purchased at Lincoln Park's Green City Market, of which I am a faithful customer. The quantity and quality of the salad bar fixings puts most others to shame.  The typical composition of my Mount Vegetable includes mixed greens at the base, topped with corn, peas, shredded carrots, cucumbers, chickpeas, tofu, grape/cherry tomatoes, thinly-sliced red onion, dried cranberries, balsamic vinaigrette and croutons. At the base, I add two off my absolute favorite elements - the balsamic mushrooms (which they warn are not the psychedelic kind - debatable - they are really good!) and the marinated beets. The salad bar also boasts a variety of in-season fruits, and many other salad fixings such as black olives and edamame. You may also partake of two varieties of soup if you are so inclined. Since I am kind of a health nut, I reserve my hamburger indulgences for Grunts. They have a wide variety of burger with different fixings, but I typically always order a Works burger which comes with lettuce, tomato, red onion, cheese and mayo (I sub mustard for the mayo). While I sometimes find it annoying the the bottom half of the bun gets a little soggy, my annoyance is short-lived as the sogginess simply provides even more physical evidence of the wonderful juiciness of these burgers. (The fact that I'm a ketchup nut probably doesn't help keep the bun safe from moisture!) The homemade chips (in the American sense, not the British one) are good - though I wish Grunt's still served fries. In addition to my usual salad/burger combo, I have had the tuna melt trio, the chili, and the "scoop of tuna" that one can add to a salad bar order for about 4-5 dollars. My husband has branched out a little more, but neither one of us have had anything at Grunt's that we haven't enjoyed. The beer list is pretty decent. The Robert the Bruce Scottish Ale and the Delerium Tremens are two of my personal faves. The atmosphere is pretty cool - it's kind of dark, the booths are wooden and have kind of a retro feel. (I guess the whole restaurant has sort of a retro feel - apparently it has remained virtually unchanged since it opened.) The passage of time is in part marked by the black-and-white photos of waitresses (past and present) that line the walls. In summary, I love this place. It's a great option anytime you want a guaranteed quality meal and a jeans and t-shirt evening.
