I had the best margarita of my life in here, and the second best as well. I am lushy so I had to try two different kinds for variety. The Topolo margarita had Sauza Conmemorativo tequila, Torres orange liqueur, housemade limonada and was shaken tableside. It was my fave of the two varietals, being a true margarita taste. Smooth and just delicious. If you prefer a more sour margarita the Blue Agave should be your choice. I loved it too but two would likely send my pucker over the top. I started with that but my stomach was happier when I switched. Both were to die for yet totally different, neither had mixers or cheap ass tequila and were created to utter perfection. That alone makes me love the Frontera Grill. My experience here was some meh but still decent and some over the top OMG wow. For the meh: We started with a snobby dick of a bartender. We were like the fourth couple to come to the bar and after ten minutes still no margarita. I don't know if its because we were two women or he just didn't like our looks but we were sitting directly in front of the guy and he totally ignored us, even after I got out money to give him a clue we were thirsty ass lushes. I was a bit miffed after we had stood in line for quite awhile that I could not get a drink from a bar that had three guys mixing it up. He had the I'm too sexy thing going on and was never friendly to anyone he served, but hey I was jealous of them anyway because they had margaritas. Dude get over yourself. You missed out on money because I seriously overtip, just ask my sister. Also if you had ponied up I would have probably had three margaitas instead of two. Bad way to start an evening Mr. Bayless, it is mean to tease me like that. I made a mistake ordering one of our entrees. They have two carne asadas. Make sure you order the one with rib steak as the cheaper one with flank steak is just meh. Our order did have amazing sides (a shredded salad with jalapenos, an over the top tasty corncake with homemade crema and cheese, homemade tortillas and some delicious grilled knob onions), but the steak itself was not seasoned enough and was just nothing lighting up my tastebuds. If I had ordered it anywhere else I would have been fine but I really was disappointed here. I also was sad about the Verduras en Escabeche, which are homemade pickled jalapenos with carrots & cauliflower. We got ours and it was all jalapenos, I like jalapenos but c'mon, thats 2/3 of a dish missing and it made it just way too hot. I said something to our great waitress, Karla, about the lack of carrots and cauliflower because they were the main reason I ordered the dish. I am a total sucker for pickled carrots and cauliflower. She went back to the kitchen to score me some but they apparently had none, hmmm odd. She did offer graciously take the whole item off our bill which I appreciated. I was still a little disappointed though. Oh and the chips here, while homemade, were just too thick and not doing it for either of us. For the wow: Best.freaking.guac.ever. It was so creamy, so addictive, just rich and buttery. The tomatillo salsa was hands down the.best.I.have.ever.had. The other salsa was good but we devoured the green like nobody's business. It made upfor the chips, who cares when the dippers are this terrific. I did redeem myself with our other entree thank goodness. Costillas Enchipotladas, the.best.damn.ribs.ever. Sensing a theme here? They are chipotle glazed, lean yet tender. I looked up from eating at some point and my skinny sister had picked five bones clean already. That is a true testament to how good they were, she is usually a more petite eater than I am. We were still talking about this dish long after we were finished. It was served with some perfect black beans, smashed just a tad so they were a little creamy but not in any way soupy. These were thick and just my thing. Platanos con Crema here were amazing. Sweet fried plantains with homemade crema and fresh cheese. The salty/sweet thing always works for me. I loved these with the black beans from my rib dish. I was absolutely shocked at how delicious dessert here was. I never indulge this much usually but my sister again is a terrible influence and frankly it did not take any arm twisting. I figured after a three bottle of wine and shots the night before, well really why the hell not. The chocolate pecan pie here was lovely. I picked it and was fairly delighted with myself. Then my sister trumped my ass. Two ice creams, salted pecan with brandy and cajeta with dark rum with homemade cajeta (goat milk caramel) sauce on top. Good lord it was sinful. I am totally willing to risk a diabetic coma for this. I could not resist. I would come back but I would avoid that ass of a bartender and the flank steak asada.
