I live next door to Yelp. We've gone there frequently, but that is ending. After yet another terrible experience today we're done. The food is good enough, the place is big, and the service is typically fine...just so you know I'm not unbalanced. Three key reasons we're done with Yolk: 1) Air Conditioning: Seems its permanently "being fixed". I walked in today and put in a reservation for two and a baby. I asked if the A/C was working because it was hot by the door. The hostess woman said "As far as I know" without looking me in the eye. I took her word, but when we got our table it was sweltering hot. I don't care that the A/C was broken, frankly. It happens. But when someone comes in and asks for a table with a baby, TELL THEM THE TRUTH IF THE AC ISN'T WORKING. Neither of us was happy when my child spent the next half hour screaming in discomfort. Terrible for a "family place". 2) Coffee-The Lies Continue: We go to Yolk almost every weekend. Every time, we order coffee and realize there's no Splenda, Sweet & Low, or Equal. Only Truvia sweetener. Apologies if you like Truvia. I don't. It tastes bad to me. I am of the opinion that that is why 100% of other places offer splenda/sweet&low/equal. When you ask for some Sweet & Low, EVERY SINGLE TIME the waiter is instructed to tell you they don't have it, only Truvia. EVERY TIME, when you push back, they say "let me go see if we have anything else". EVERY TIME they come back with Sweet & Low. It gets to be overwhelming to have to go thru this charade every single visit. As a restaurant analyst, I can tell you for sure that messing with people's coffee is a one way street. I'm either going to remember to bring my own splenda every time, or start going somewhere else. Guess which one is likely to happen? 3) General Lack of Customer Service: In general, the wait staff is nice. Except when they have been trained to lie to you (air conditioning, sweetener, etc). The food is mediocre, but acceptable. Add a 30 minute minimum wait (usually 45-60 mins) and you can probably do equally as well elsewhere. Add some incident at almost every visit (like AC or lies about basic items like sweetener) and you can definitely have a lower-BS occasion elsewhere. We're also usually seated next to a container for dirty dishes so our baby has to hear glass crashing into it next to him the whole trip, or in the middle of some busy aisle where a stroller doesn't fit. Again, its not their fault that we have a kid. But just tell us if you can't accommodate us with a table that won't be in your way and we'll go elsewhere. In general, this place has potential to be a nice breakfast place worthy of your business. But the constant lack of care or customer service basics really makes Yolk a bad decision for breakfast in the South Loop. I would avoid this place if you can.
