Last night on a whim, after work, my wife and I walked from my office to Purple Pig to get a glass of wine or beer and a couple small plates to share. We were so close to PP and it had been a while since we've been it was hard to just hop in the car and go home to making fish tacos or pasta. I forgot how much I loved this place and once and for all declared last night that Purple Pig is my favorite restaurant in Chicago. It just is. I haven't found a place in the City that combines exceptional service, tremendous food and drink and inviting atmosphere like PP has. Last night was no exception as our server was fantastic and attentive but not overbearing. She immediately noticed that we were getting low on the wonderfully toasted bread for our pork neck gravy and our mussels and had some more sent out. She said to us we would need more bread to soak up the milky and spicy broth goodness of the mussels cooked with pancetta. The runners and the bus boy also recognized when we needed new plates and silverware and brought those out. I have not had a bad dish at PP and one of the best things is the pork neck gravy. I don't know what else to say besides there are few things that taste as good. Thin shreds of pork neck submerged in a fantastic tomato sauce with perfectly creamy ricotta. Heaping spoonfuls go on very very tasty and crisp slices of bread and you are in heaven. PP also has a great wine selection from around the world by the glass, half bottle or bottle. They also have a great selection of spirits and cocktails and a small but diverse beer selection. I really love the atmosphere at PP as well. There are a lot of communal tables and small 2 tops and the space is rather small and sometimes you feel you are on top of each other, but I really don't mind this at a place like PP. It just adds to the atmosphere and lends to the enjoyment you have while dining here. The atmosphere is all part of the experience and just seems to make the food taste better. It's a lively joint where you end of talking to your neighbors. I don't believe PP takes reservations but I haven't checked with them in a while. Sometimes they will make a special exception. "Cheese, swine, and wine" is a true summary of what PP is. The selection of dishes, drinks, service and atmosphere is unmatched by anywhere in the City.
