I will NEVER go to this place again.My boyfriend and I had made reservations for Valentines day over the weekend. As soon as we got there, they told us that even though we had a 6 o'clock reservation, we would not be seated until 7 because of how many delays they were experiencing. My boyfriend explained to him that we had tickets to see "Million Dollar Quartet" at 8 so we needed to be seated as soon as possible. The hostess said that she understood, but they had overbooked for the weekend. While we were waiting for our reservation to be filled, a man walked in with his date asking for a talbe and was told that they could not seat him because it was reservation only. He must have slipped the hostess some cash because he was seated 45 MINUTES before us and still sitting at a table near us when we were finally seated.We were very rushed to eat and could not enjoy the experience because of how late they sat us. We ate what we could manage and then went to the valet still giving us ample time to get to the Appollo Theater. However, the valet LOST OUR CAR KEYS!! Yes, you read that right. After telling us for 30 minutes that the car was on the way, they pulled us aside and said that they misplaced the keys. What actually happened was that the key broke off the autolock key chain, causing the key to lay in the street the entire time we were in the resturant. By some glorious miracle, the valet attendant found our key on the ground and brough the car to us. We were so lucky that some passer by didn't find the key before he did. My boyfriend was SO furious that he told me to wait with the car (45 minutes after we asked for it) so he would go talk to a manager. From what he told me, he went inside and asked the hostess to speak with someone, and the hostess simply ignored him. After several minutes of waiting, she finally looked at him and said NO, the manager was far to busy to listen to anyones complaints.We were not able to make our play (Appollo Theater understood and reissued our tickets for next week) because in total, we were an hour and a half late for the play. Today, I called Brazzaz to complain to the manager, and he said that he understood why we were upset, but there is nothing he can do for us at this point.I will never go back here nor will I recommend this resturant to anyone I know.
