There are only a few meals in your life that make an impression so deep that you remember it for a lifetime. Our meal at Purple Pig falls in this camp. We ate: - Charred Cauliflower, Toasted Breadcrumbs, Cornichons & Parsley ($6) - I'm a huge fan of roasted cauliflower, but have never thought to pair it with something sour like cornichons. Worked great! - Pig's Ear with Crispy Kale, Pickled Cherry Peppers & Fried Egg ($6) - Yum!!! The fried pig's ear was very good, a very unique combo of flavors. - Charred Green Onions & Ramps with Romesco Sauce ($7) - We got this b/c I've never had ramps before. Surprisingly, I liked the more ubiquitous green onion... it was sweeter. Romesco sauce was so amazing. We actually ate the green onions and ramps separately from the sauce because the former flavors were so delicate and the latter was so robust. The sauce was so good and hearty (it is tomato-based and made with ground nuts)... we ate it like a stew on its own!  - Roasted Bone Marrow with Herbs ($9) - This was majorly funky, and not in a good way. The visual of this dish is amazing with three two-inch bone pieces filled with rich marrow, accompanied by crostini. However, it was way too greasy from the added olive oil and just felt like a mouthful of lard.  - Braised Pork Shoulder with Mashed Potatoes ($9) - Solid though not overly special. - Festa di Santa Lucia Crema {Farro & Ricotta with Chocolate Sauce} ($6) - WOW, WOW, WOW. This capped the meal off with a most delightful finish. Absolutely the best dish of the evening even though it had no pig in it. It was like a high-end twist on rice pudding (I don't normally like rice pudding, btw). The farro had a great al dente bite to it. The warm chocolate sauce was served on the side in a little jug - it was dark, bittersweet, and a wonderful contrast in terms of both texture and temperature to the farro and ricotta. We tried a ton of stuff and left full and happy for just a little over $50 for the two of us. The combination of flavors were unique not merely to provide a "gimmick"... they honestly worked surprisingly well.
