I ate at Schwa. A three-and-a-half hour, nine-course (plus some) dinner. It was nuts. A giant fist of deliciousness punched me in the throat last night. I feel battered and pummeled and satisfied. I sit here, post-Schwa, trying to reflect on my thoughts. Here's what I came up with -- a poignant Fry-from-Futurama Internet meme: http://i.imgur.com/s0dSo By the time "Prayer to God" by Shellac was blaring over the sound system with a repetitive and screaming chorus of "Kill him, fucking kill him!", I already knew I was in a special place. Chef Michael Carlson had earlier turned down the music just long enough to ask us all by show of hands if we understood that, by eating at Schwa, we had signed our souls over to the devil. ***** A little work is required to eat here. It took me a while to get through to make reservations. When I finally did get a reservation, it was postponed -- the restaurant called to say that there would be no service that night. I was disappointed. A few weeks later, when I showed up for the delayed dinner, they remembered that they had cancelled on us and were profusely apologetic. They then spent the evening making it up to us and then some. I want to start writing about the food, but I don't want to spoil the experience for you if you've never been. I'll try to go spoiler-free, but the listing on the menu doesn't even to begin to reflect what you end up with. The highlight for me was described on the menu as, "roe: passionfruit, violet". What came out was a tart and tasty cup of gelatinous smoked roe with a passion fruit concoction. It was paired with a small key lime fritter that tasted -- in the best way -- like it came off a food truck at the state fair. All brought together with a delicate and delicious violet foam. Complex is an understatement. Tart, creamy, bitter, smoky, sweet... The chef who brought the food out to us (that's right, the chefs present you with the food right from the kitchen) explained the dish's inspiration and ingredients, and left us to enjoy. Later, he answered questions about the dish and communicated his passion for its creation. I could easily write such a paragraph on any of the courses, but I'll spare you the spoilers and save the room. Other highlights included a baked potato bar inspired soup (emulsified bacon! pureed scallions!), a quail egg ravioli (rich rich rich, a glob of creamy/salty/buttery heaven), a just-barely-cooked salmon plate (somehow fresh, bitter, tart, and sweet all at the same time), and a Dr. Pepper + Whiskey inspired dessert, which I consider the weirdest and best dessert I've ever had. ***** Writing about the food really isn't enough. The service here is crazy. It is a bit of a mystery to me how they keep track of the multiple simultaneous services -- they pay personal attention to each customer (I got a nickname) and take time to explain the food and answer questions. I love that the chefs refill your water and grab you beers. How unpretentious! They miraculously manage a spectacular service while somehow finding the time to also cook the food. Throw in a healthy dose of screwing around. Seriously, the chefs are apparently having the time of their lives. It's so clear that they love Schwa and are proud of the restaurant and the creations that they serve. They shunt away nearly all the stereotypes and preconceptions regarding fine dining and it is a relaxing relief. At first it is a little intimidating, but it is rare that I have felt so comfortable at a restaurant. I wish all restaurants were like Schwa. It's a costly experience, but the price is way more than fair for what you get. So back to the Fry meme (http://i.imgur.com/s0dSo): I honestly don't know if it's all theatre. I suspect, with 99% confidence that they are sincere -- sincere mad geniuses, yes. And even if they aren't, their passion for the food is 100% sincere. That is more than clear from the taste. The chefs at Schwa respect the ingredients and they respect the customer. I will not hesitate to go back and my tasting at Schwa will surely remain among my favorite dining experiences of all time. Five stars. I'd give it six if I could because I've given five stars to restaurants that don't even come close to Schwa. ***** PRO TIP: When there's a dish on a dish, check under the dish on the dish. Sometimes there's a little hidden flavor under there.
