Yelp should have an option for 10 stars because Sapori deserves at least that many!!! It wasn't a date, and it wasn't a business meeting, but I did want to impress a colleague with my ability to chose an extraordinary restaurant for some great conversation and bonding. It had been about two months since I'd been to Sapori and it was time for a Sapori "fix" anyways so I told Susan to meet me there at 7:30. For a Monday night the restaurant seemed busier than most of the others on the block, but the hostess sat us immediately and noticing that I had my portfolio with me she offered to seat us at table for four so we could spread out papers and such. We chose to eat indoors even though the patio was mighty appealing. Water, bread and a cup of delicous cheese (no idea what it was, but it just melted in my mouth) arrived instantly. Having been there before, I let Susan peruse the main menu for a few minutes, then I told her to put it down because we were dining from the Monday Family menu where for $22 per person, you get to choose two appetizers, two salads or soups, three entrees and dessert. I knew how much food was about to be bestowed upon us, but she had no idea of the feast to come. I let Susan pick the apps and salads, since I new there were two entrees that I NEEDED to have... the Rigatoni Caprese and the Cappelecii de Zucca (sorry as about the spelling errors.) We started the meal with the Avocado bruschetta and the grilled calamari. The bruschetta was simply amazing, bright green, fresh avocado with slivered Parmesan on toasty bread with tomatoes, and basil. First the avocado melts in your mouth, then the parm, then the acid from tomatoes, it was like eating a triple-decker delight. The grilled calamari was served in a rich balsamic sauce with wilted spinach and sun dried tomatoes. There were four large pieces on the plate - in other restaurants this would have been a $12 appetizer itself. Susan gobbled it and loved soaking up the sauce with the warm, crusty Italian bread. What's great about Sapori's Monday night deal is you just check off what you want and hand the menu back to the waiter. After a few minutes food starts magically appearing and you don't have to order apps, then entrees, then desserts so you can enjoy the conversation and the meal without a lot of distractions from the waiter... it's food bliss Sapori style! Since neither of us were in the mood for soup, we only checked the Cesar salad. When the waiter noticed we only made on selection from the category, he recommended we also get the caprese salad. What an excellent choice! It was presented beautifully with a huge sprig of garden fresh basil on top and the perfect balance of tomato, fresh mozzarella and basil. This one I gobbled up! Salad plates away, a refill of our wine and three waiters come out in a row each carrying a souffle pan sized dish of food. Entrees were upon us! If I were sentenced to death and had to choose my last meal, it would without a doubt be Sapori's Cappelici du zucca (spelling again, sorry). Tonight it was even better than I remembered. Little cubes of butternut squash roasted or pan fried (who knows) with marvelous stuffed raviolis that were sweet, savory, peppery, crispy, mouthwatering amazingness! I didn't want to share! Entree number two was the Rigatoni Caprese, another one of my Sapori favorites. You can tell the sauce is made from scratch by it's chunky, bright red color and bold flavor. The pasta (no way it came from a box) was cooked perfectly, just a tad to the chewy side (al dente) which made for a hearty, robust taste experience in your mouth. Add more of the fresh mozzarella's and basil that was fresh and not overpowering, it was a perfect entree. I have to be honest, Susan picked the third entree and I didn't pay attention to what the name was. It was a chicken dish rolled with cheese, sundried tomatoes and other goodies. I was so stuffed at this point I didn't even try it, but this was the dish Susan raved about and picked as her favorite. So, two apps, to salads and three en tress later, we were near food coma when Susan asked the server what his favorite was. Again, I don't remember the name but he described it as a homemade potato gnocchi with chicken in a fresh pesto sauce. I commented that it sounded delicious and a he offered to bring us out a taste. THIS WAS ENTREE NUMBER 4 - and each portion was enough to feed two people on their own. Whatever it was called, hats off to Chef Anthony - I've never tasted a fresher lighter pesto in my life. It wasn't cheesy, gooey, oily like pesto can be. This dish was light, fresh and delicious! Dessert was panna cotta. I don't really no how to describe it except as warm hazelnut ice cream that giggles like jello. Rich and creamy and chocolaty bliss. As always, unbelievable... the perfect dessert and end to a spectacular meal. For $22 per person, it's like eating Saturday on a Monday budget. Mondays don't suck anymore!!! Thanks Sapori!!!!
