This is a top 5 restaurant for me in Chicago. While I find myself dining at the suburban Brazilian knockoff joints more often than I eat at Fogo, this is the yardstick for all that come after it. I am a carnivore to the bitter end , and I would go to this place just for the salad bar ... not really , but it is the absolute best salad bar I've ever seen. You have the option to get the salad bar alone for $25 or $30 and honestly that could be enough for a lot of people. It has sliced meats, any veggie you could want,exotic cheeses,fresh bread,and probably the nicest tomatoes I've ever seen (they must genetically engineer them or something)I go there for the meat orgy ,it is presented in huge chunks on a sword. The Gauchos carve it off to your ordered doneness. then they move on to make way for the next gaucho with the next hunk of meat. At any given time they have at least a dozen different meats , from Top sirloin to fillet , sausage , bacon wrapped chicken,bottom sirloin (my favorite), pork ribs,beef rib meat,and lamb roasts and chops. If you like 1 kind you can load up on that , but I like to get a bit of everything ... OK, a lot of everything. With your meat, you get sides of fried polenta, mashed potato's, and little cheese filled rolls. To say service is good here would be a gross understatement, It is one of the best , if not the best places I've ever been for service. The server literally changed out our rolls if they sat there for more than 4 or 5 minutes. I literally turned to find a server for another Coke and like in some sort of comedy he was standing right there with another Coke at arms grasp. The desert menu seemed diverse , but I usually order the Creme Brulee. I can say it is the best I've had ,although I've only had bad creme brulee once. You will drop some serious coin here , last time I was there It was $60 per for the meat and salad , if you drink , prepare accordingly for downtown booze prices. I can't afford to eat here as often as I would like to ,but for a special occasion , it is my go to place if anyone wants to make me happy (and also see me in meat coma).
