One friend put it best when stating that Violet Hour's tag line should be: The only thing that will top your anticipation to enter is the eagerness to leave. Tru Dat. Just as I had suspected, Violet Hour's appeal has sooo worn off. I had first gone to Violet hour a little over a year ago for my birthday and had a wonderful time. The drink our group got was the "sidecar" and it was nothing short of extraordinary. At the time we had gotten right in, maybe a minute wait for them to set up our area but that was it. I was especially impressed when the man who checks id's recognized that my b-day was only 3 days away and brought the entire group a round of small drinks on the house as a Birthday gift. We had come with a large group, I believe around 12 people and realized that the rule at violet hour is that we could not each order a separate drink. We got a different menu for groups that has a smaller selection (at the time about 6-8 different choices). i believe if you are a group of 6 or more, you can only order drinks by the carafe and everyone in your party has to have the same thing... a little gestapo-esque but our choice of drink was tasty and I think we all enjoyed it. This was my good experience. Since then I've developed a sort of animosity for the place. I mean, it really isn't as cool as they want you to think it is with the hype of there being no sign, no reservations, no cell phone use, low lighting, big chairs, and small tables. It's really not that hard to get into and after going twice I'll be completely content to never go again. My second visit was last night with a group of 4 other friends. The wait was about 15-20 minutes and we got to wait inside in the little hallway with heaters so it wasn't so bad. The doorman (a different one from the first time) checked our id's and wished my friend a happy belated birthday when he saw on her id that her b-day was the day before. We were sat at a lovely tall booth right across from the bar. Our waitress was nice but defo just okay as a server. We got the standard water to start and took a few minutes to select our drinks... the waitress took 20 minutes to come back. We order our drinks (which come standard- don't try to order a drink that's simple or not already a mix up anything not already on the menu- that's not allowed) and our server tells us that it takes 20 minutes for the drink... PS we ordered nothing out of the ordinary, they just take their sweet ass time. I think they wait for several tables to order and hope that tables order like things so they can mix a large batch rather than 3 individual drinks. Anyway, that 20 minutes was actually 35. During the next 35 minutes (yes, we timed it... I'm sorry but 35 min is a long time off from 20 min, which was already too long) we watched anxiously as the bartender, oh pardon me, mixologist, made drinks. We named him "chops" for his enthusiastic Mutton Chops. We liked his method...until we tried our drinks, but for a few moments it was entertaining to watch him mix things like a salsa dancer. He had these arm movements similar to Ben Stiller's salsa dancing in Along Came Polly. We also noticed that he would side a bit of each drink for himself to taste.... but after we tasted our drinks thought that maybe he was just making himself little drinks because all our drinks tasted like S and I find it hard to believe that he could have tried ours and still sent them out with a clean conscience. 2 of our drinks were horrendous & disgusting- mine happened to be one of those. and the 3 other drinks got a better rating of just plain awful. It's funny because when the drinks came a couple of us with smaller glasses thought something along the lines of "great, of course we end up ordering the tiniest drink" but after trying them were elated that there was such a small amount we'd need to take down. It felt like punishment and we all agreed that the drinks gave you a sugary, gross, hot feeling all the way down your throat to your stomach, much the way thick cough syrup does. The drinks were not just bad, they were poison- all 5 of them. We all had to literally choke and gag them down... honestly, I can post pictures. We all felt sick and thought that calling them syrup would have been more fitting than calling them drinks. 2 of my friends "drinks" actually felt like it did something to their tooth enamel. I don't want to say you shouldn't go there, you should. You should go at least once and realize that it's the last time you want to go.
