This place rocks! Just had brunch there this morning with my friend and what a great choice I will be back many times over to explore this delicious menu again and again! Here is how it broke down, Fresh squeezed grapefruit juice (I got the large which is not large enough for 4.25 - just being honest) which was good stuff! Miss M had the fresh squeezed OJ which was equally as wonderful! we split 2 menu items and a side... 4 berry white chocolate flapjacks which were out of this world! the flavor was just awesome creamy fruity and moist all the way through I love the texture of these cakes and the sauce was a smashing delight! I am headed back to try every one of those pancake options! We also had the Vegetarian Croissant which was soooo good this could easily become a crutch that I ordered every time if the menu didn't have soo many mind blowing options that I need to explore! This Vegetarian creation was just perfect all the subtle flavors melded perfectly and just left me wishing that I had more then half for myself! The potatoes were excellent (I have had better but these were still soooooo goood! next time I may ask for them more well done which could even maybe make them better if it does I will be sure to update this review!). The last thing we had was a side of bacon cooked to a crisp per my request and it was just perfect! I was super tired this morning and had an agenda ahead of me so I didn't even examine the lunch menu fully and did not even realize they had a full bar until I was on my way out... This place will most likely end up with 5 stars in the future once I really get to navigate all the Bingo Room Beauty and culinary creativity!  A few things to consider we waited quite some time once we ordered which is not a complaint just an observation this place has amazing food and they can only make so much so fast!  I guess it was a bit pricey all things considered about 10 dollars for each item plus 4 bucks for a drink or more and then meats ala cart all in all not too too over priced-just being thorough!
