With all of the rave and amazing things I have heard about The Purple Pig I was expecting a long wait and to be blown away by their pork dishes. We did have a long wait. My BF and I went with another couple and we got there at six and sat down at around 7:30pm. However, I wasn't blown away by their dishes. Don't get me wrong, Purple pig is good, just not amazing. Here is what we ordered: Fried Devil Egg: My favorite thing on the menu, deep fried devil egg..I mean what can go wrong..that is right..nothing :) Bone marrow smear: bone marrow tasted as if they just filled the bone marrow with tons of melted butter so it was a little watery and not as velvetly and rich as the marrow I have had at other places. Cardoons: Cardoons are artichoke thistle and are deep fried (don't worry I had to google what cardoons were) I would pass on these, they just tasted like anything fried so nothing that original. Mortadella, Balsamico & Pistachio smear: smear was different than I expected, it was two pieces of french bread topped with this full pink smear with some crushed up pistachios. While it looked kind of suspect, it tasted somewhat like home. I told that to my friend and she mentioned that it tasted like baloney and I agreed. It was pretty tasty! Pork shoulder with mashed potatoes: the pork shoulder was tender and when you sliced it with your fork, it fell apart like butter on a hot knife. I do agree that it was good, but I expected a bit more flavor after reading all of the awesome reviews on this Pork Saltimbocca with Rainbow Swiss Chard: bacon is placed on top of a pork tenderloin and is pounded all together..and that is exactly what it tasted like. Not impressive. We also order the special of the day which was razor clams, I really liked this dish. My only complaint was that there wasn't more clams on the plate. Jamon Serrano, Oyster Mushrooms, Fried Egg with Grilled Bread: I can't say I remember too much about this dish, so I would say to skip this and spend your time on another dish :) For dessert, we all shared the affogato, the bread pudding, and the nutella pannini. I really liked all of the desserts. I was especially impressed with the bread pudding since I didn't expect to like citrus bread pudding. I had a good experience at Purple Pig, but I can't say that I am quick to get back to the Purple Pig. I would like to try out Publican to see if their pork dishes compare with Purple Pig first.
