I recently made the best discovery since Columbus: to stay at a hotel on North (and specifically North) Michigan Ave, you'd have to pay an arm and a leg, or maybe all four of them. If it weren't for consistently stalking internet deals, I'd be staying all the way in the South Side. Here's the thing about my hotel standards: don't care about fanciness, just be clean, roach/rat-free so I don't have nightmares and most of all, proximity. Intercontinental was quite accessible (as in walking distance) to the main attractions in Chicago, was clean and not as fancy as I had imagine it would be. I checked in early since I had an early flight arrival and was told I would be given a call/message when a room is available. Maybe I misinterpreted their implications by giving a call before the 3:00 p.m. usual check-in hour. When the clock hit 3:25, there was still no call but an immediate room when I stormed down there. I was placed in a room in the Main Building, with the whole Historical Building blocking my view of the Chicago River, not that I care too much about it since I was barely in my room. Turn-off #2: No shower caps or slippers. I've been to cheaper hotels and they would provide them if you ask. Even after calling the front desk, which directed me to some other irrelevant service that made a "note", I never got my shower cap. Turn-off #3: Housekeeping. While the ladies do work hard to keep the room nice and tidy, their impatience really annoys me. I would get knocks on my door at 8 a.m. - 9 a.m. every morning, asking if we were ready. No, I am in the middle of my five-hour nap and I'm on vacation, so I will not wake up as if I'm going to work. The fridge was a bit of a problem, seeing I could only fit things up to the size of 2 cans. Only buy small things you know you can fit up to or if you want to do it like I did, place everything on top. Or go all the way down to the 7th floor to grab ice. The ice room is pretty disgusting with the dirty dishes lying around. I've read so many complaints about the paid wi-fi prior to booking, but here's a trick and pay attention carefully: take your laptop, iPad, ipaq by the Starbucks downstairs, connect to the wifi and toy around with it for a few minutes and it will last you throughout the whole night and morning in your room! Not bad, eh? The staff here are very nice and the place is very clean. The staff at the front door are especially friendly and kind. This hotel isn't too bad, especially for the perfect location.
