I had really high expectations for Brazzaz based on all the reviews that I read. Sadly, I feel that I am being generous in giving them 3 stars. We had 8pm reservations for 4 that we had booked on Open table 2 weeks ago. We had called ahead to let them know that we were running behind and that we might be 10 minutes late. They assured us that this was not an issue,as they offer 25 minute grace periods. We arrived at 8:08pm and we were not seated until 8:35pm. Upon checking in, they encouraged us to wait in the bar area. No wonder. At $10 a drink...they encourage you to spend as much money as possible while dining there. Our server came by to explain the menu and the process to two of our friends who had never dined at a churrascaria before.  We were served a metal basket full of melt in your mouth cheese rolls, 4 tablespoons of mashed potatoes and 2 fried bananas, no polenta. The cheese rolls were excellent, some of the yummiest rolls that I have ever eaten, the other 2 dishes,I didn't really care for. The mashed potatoes had the consistency of hominy or over wet grits. We were then introduced to the Sommelier. I'm sorry, though he was completely friendly and accommodating, we had absolutely no idea what he said. His accent was very thick and he spoke too quickly for us. We experienced the same situation with the woman who ended up serving us. We opted for an Australian Shiraz because it was safe and asked to have it poured into a decanter so that it could breathe. As I was about to tip the glass to sip the wine, I noticed a floater in my glass. It had wings, was dark in color and had legs. It was larger than a fruit fly but smaller than fly. Either way I was completely grossed out and pointed it out to our server. I kid you not, all she said was, "Oh, you want another glass?" I didn't know if my original glass was dirty, if the wine was dirty or if the decanter was dirty. Yes, I'd like a new glass, but I would have preferred a replacement on all the above. It really wasn't that big of a deal...so I accepted the new glass...I just expected a better response such as an apology. I had expected a little bit more from the salad bar. They had raw oysters, sushi. smoked salmon, asparagus, cerviche, apple salad, cesar salad, potato salad, mixed greens, amazing mushroom risotto, lasagna, manicotti, aged cheeses, watery tortellini, capicola, mushrooms, fruit salad, prosciutto, salami, olives, rolls, and all the necessary vegetables, toppings, and dressing to complete a salad. Nothing was spectacular in taste and flavor except the risotto. Just eh. Onto the meats... I am a huge meathead. I prefer my meat bloody. The majority of the meats that we sampled were overdone. That makes me want to cry, When meat is that overdone, it is hard to gauge the quality, and the texture is off-putting. Everything was a little too dry, salty and chewy. The shrimp were also over cooked. Of all the things that we tasted, I preferred the Brazilian sausage, the roasted pineapple, the leg of lamb, chicken drumstick and the bacon wrapped filet. The leg of Lamb was the only cut of meat that we had that expelled blood. I did not care for any of the other meats. Do not bother with the ribs. Disgusting. It is overcooked, dry and missing any flavor, dry rub or sauce. When we first arrived, the meat gauchos were passing our tables at a rapid pace...we could not keep up. By 10pm..their appearance dwindled and only 4 were seen circulating the room. Other than the busboys constantly checking our water levels and whether we needed new plates, we were not revisited by our server again until after we ordered dessert. Our rolls, potatoes and bananas were never replenished or offered to be replenished. We actually placed our dessert and dessert drink order with the Sommelier, because she did not return. He tried to upsell us on the desserts, buy offering us a third if we chose 2. There was no way that we could eat anymore. We decided to share a chocolate mouse and a cheesecake. After hearing that we were there to celebrate my birthday, he comped us on one of the desserts and was nice enough to decorate the dessert and sang Happy Birthday to me. This is the second time that it has happened to me in a space of less than one week. It's mortifying and I felt like a deer caught in headlights.  Our bill came to $400 after tax and tip. Had I known that it would have been so expensive I would have certainly picked another restaurant that would be worth that amount of money. I would have splurged and picked Tru.  1 star for the food. 2 stars for the Sommelier and the attentive busboys. Do not ever bring children here. It would be way too expensive to be worth it. If you are dying to try a Brazilian Steakhouse, I would highly recommend Texas De Brazil over Brazzaz and Fogo De Chao. Much better meat selections, variety of meat temps, and a much broader and better salad bar selection.
