The thing you have to keep in mind about this place is that it's busy. The neighborhood it's located in is growing in size and popularity so you're in for some wait when you show up. I've had the pleasure of eating here for both lunch and breakfast and the impression is that this is a breakfast place first and a lunch place second (as evidenced by the name of the establishment).  Having said that, the lunch sandwiches are hearty in portion and very tasty. You'll readily notice that the traffic is less than the morning shift and for what it's worth, a decent change of pace and mood. The entire place, in comparison to the mornings, will seem a bit deflated and lax.  Not to say this is a bad thing. No, I'm of the firm belief that changes in meals dictate an equal change in mood (and pace) and this place seems to mirror this. The mornings are chaos. If you're looking for a quiet meal where you can sit alone in a corner pouring over your crossword puzzle, Yolk would not be your first choice. No - this place is as busy as you're going to get. People mob the waiting room and everyone is either busy trying to get on the waiting list, trying to deduce when their turn is up or sorting out the bill to escape the craziness that is inside. As for the food, I'm a pretty basic breakfast kind of guy. I don't require fancy omelets, special pancakes or crazy juices. I'm a scrambled eggs, sausage links, toast and orange juice man. Easy and straight to the point. While Yolk does indeed cater to the people who require more attention to their breakfast than I, I'm happy to report that they make a decent meal for my tastes as well. It's really hard to mess up scrambled eggs, toast, sausage links and OJ (the drink, people - not the misguided ex-NFL great) and admittedly, this place is a bit on the high end in terms of price for such a simple meal as mine but to dismiss this place as expensive would be a shame and incomplete.  I fully understand that cheaper alternatives exist (I can certainly make this meal at home for a fraction of the time and cost) but I seriously doubt that such an atmosphere that is "breakfast at Yolk" can be duplicated. The morning rush has to be experienced to be fully understood and appreciated. Some people would blanch at this and this is understandable. If you're one of belief that a breakfast should be enjoyed in peace and w/ as much breathing room as possible, you may want to reconsider Yolk as your breakfast option and come back for lunch. However, if you enjoy having people nearby and don't mind the occasional side conversation pervading your meal while you eat, then this is definitely for you.
