DO NOT book your wedding at this venue. Of all of the vendors I anticipated problems with when I booked my wedding, this would have been my last choice, and was by far the worst to have to deal with. Initially booking under the excellent wedding coordinator of Rebecca Kuzelka, we were unaware that she would be abruptly let go a few weeks later. Which the hotel did not contact me about, rather I found out through a returned email that I sent to Rebecca. She was then replaced with the existing events planner who quit a few months later, the Doubletree once again never letting me know of the change, rather I found through a phone call to the Doubletree where they told me she was no longer there. Finally they hired a new wedding coordinator, Brooke Bosak. She did a nice job picking up where the others had left off, however her assistance in the back-office proved to be poor which is why I am writing a negative review. These are the reasons we were dissatisifed with their service:- The final bill was incorrect, not taking into account the down payment we had made on the venue (which was a large percentage of the total cost) and incorrect service rates were used, that we did not sign on in the original contract.- In the final set-up (which I received a few days before the wedding because the "system was down") they had the wrong set-up (rounds of 8 instead of rounds of 10 which I had gone over with all three coordinators). This would have been a disaster if I wouldn't have caught it because we had assigned seating at the wedding.- We went on our honeymoon immediately after the wedding. I returned from my honeymoon to the incorrect amount being charged to my credit card for the reception with the old service rates (which I had fixed before the wedding) but had been changed back and charged to my credit card without my approval. - Was charged $1,000 worth of room damage to our hotel suite which was absurd. When I asked the hotel to provide reasons for this damage they provided pictures of three pathetic scratches which looked like normal wear-and-tear and could have been rubbed out with polish. One of the tables they sent a picture of with a scratch on it was never even used by us during our stay. Also provided a picture of a hanging light the photographer had moved during pictures that was somehow shattered in the picture (but was not on our departure). I accepted responsibility for that because the photographer had moved it, that was worth maximum $20. All of the bridesmaids (which included 6 adult women) who I told about these charges and had been in the room that day were disgusted with the Doubletree for this. I was able to get them to take off $500 after complaing and then another $50 when I reminded them that they shattered one of my champagne glasses at dinner. I was acutally going to let that go, but not after this!- The night before the wedding I went to my maid of honor's room to share a bottle of wine before the big day. We called down for a bottle opener and it took an hour and a half for them to bring it. If you don't want to deal with a headache, then don't book your wedding here.
