Recently I made a shocking discovery about my middle-aged parents. They're foodies. You'd think that a couple of suburbanites from Detroit wouldn't attentively watch food shows on cable but apparently they do.  They came to Chicago with one goal it seemed - to eat an authentic Chicago hot dog; and apparently Superdawg was mentioned in a guide book on Chicago citing it as a perfect example of such (not to mention on a Travel Channel show citing it as one of the United States' best hot dogs). Seeing as how I was up for an adventure on the far, far northwest side (I was almost a tourist myself since it's nearly in the suburbs), I went with them on their quest. I can't judge the dawg being a vegetarian (though my father enjoyed the dog immensely). All I can say is herbivores shouldn't go there hoping for a veggie dog (it doesn't exist) and the vegetarian options are slim. Though the grilled cheese sandwich on a toasted hamburger bun that I got was better than the same at most places. The fries, however, left a lot to be desired. My mother pointed out that "these are Ore-Ida fries." My father disagreed and so an experiment was conducted where I cracked open a french fry and found pieces of real potato. But my mother was right, they are basically store bought fries that could be made in the oven at home. And soggy. Even if the food turned out to be a letdown, this place is an amazing experience. It's a real working drive-in that's been in operation since 1948. It's been renovated a couple of times, I'm sure, but it still operates in its original mode. You press a button and an overworked car-hop walks over to your car (the only thing that would invoke nostalgia more is roller skates) and brings your order. The packaging of that order is beautiful - a little classic paper lunch box (which except for the grease would make a good souvenir) separating the fries and entree - along with one of their famous green tomato quarters and a pickle. The prices, however, are not hot dog stand. Prepare to pay $4.95 for a dog or more for a burger. It definitely succeeds in being real old time Chicago (which makes sense in Blago and Rahm's neighborhood) and is a great tourist attraction. But the next time my parent come into town, it's definitely something closer to home and with a veggie dog.
