There are just a couple of things that hold me back from giving the full five stars. One is that many of the rooms are interior-facing and have absolutely no view [except into other rooms, which may or may not be OK depending on who is occupying them]. The other is the simple fact that the bar for hotels in Chicago is so high, and this place isn't quite as slick as the Peninsula or Four Seasons. That said, it also doesn't cost nearly what those places do, so the value for price is terrific. I'd recommend registering your e-mail with them on-line. I got a great e-mail offer for $129/night with a $50 food-and-beverage credit that was a wonderful bargain. The lobby is long and narrow, with a small lounge to the left just outside David Burke's Primehouse. That restaurant offers amazing lunch bargains, so it's certainly worth checking out midday. Their side of steamed asparagus with shallots is amazing. My great rate was actually for a studio suite--not just the standard room. When I first walked in the room, I wasn't sure about it, but after hanging out a few minutes, I really got to like the layout. The sleeping area is very small, far away from the door. It's really kind of a nook, with just the bed and two wall-mounted shelves that serve as bedside tables. There's also a flat-screen TV there. Most of the space in the studio suites is devoted to living area, which, when you think about it, is really where you want your space. There's also a huge bar with full bottles [not minis] of several liquors and a well-stocked fridge. There's plenty of shelf and counter space included with the bar, as well as an iPod-ready stereo. There's lots of glassware, but only martini glasses and highballs. No wine glasses or swizzle sticks. Oh, and ice is provided by room service. I'm on a campaign to get hotels to put ice machines on each floor. No one wants to have to call and wait. The room decor has a mid-century feel, with low-slung, clean-lined furniture. The color scheme is mostly brown and off-white, with big splashes of red for accent. Most of the lighting is on dimmers, so you can adjust it to your mood. All in all, it's a pretty attractive room. The bathroom is narrow with a tub/shower combo, but plenty of counter space. It's been renovated since it was the Lenox Suites, but there's a little wear and tear showing, such as chips in the bathtub molding and an unraveling robe. This was a quick trip, so I didn't get to check out the spa, gym, or JBar. Next time. Service is of the friendly and efficient type, rather than the formal and polished as at some of the highest-end places in town. Had no issues with getting what I needed, though. Room service breakfast was prompt, tasty, exactly as ordered, and in large portion. Others have commented about problems with the elevators, but I had no long waits at all. They are smallish, though. Location is perfect, two blocks from the Grand Red Line stop, one block from the Mag Mile, across the street from a Trader Joe's, and two blocks from a P. F. Chang's and a Joe's Seafood if you want chain food. If you're a hotel freak like me and want to check out some others, you're in pretty easy walking distance from a huge number worth looking at--Trump, Conrad, Peninsula, Park Hyatt, Four Seasons, Ritz Carlton, Drake. The Coq d'Or at the Drake is the perfect old-school hotel bar. They started serving ten minutes after Prohibition was repealed and the bartenders all look like they've been there since that day. If price is no object and you must have the best in Chicago, check out the Peninsula. If you're looking for the point where price and quality cross on the grid, look no further than the James.
