I've been to this place twice since they've opened and I have to say I'm somewhat smitten! Atmosphere: It's very cozy, with lots of tables without feeling too crowded. I definitely prefer the back room (with the stage) because it's a bit quieter and away from the kitchen door and host stand. The place is a bit too Minnesota lodge-ish, but I'll let it slide since their tableware is very modern. The parking lot is convenient for those of you that don't live within walking distance like I do. There were a surprising number of parents-and-kid combos. Drinks: I haven't tried their booze yet, but someone at a table near me was raving about her margarita. Their beer selection looked pretty good. I tried their organic coffee on my first visit and thought it was great. The second time around, we went for fancy mochas (the Mocha Joy and the Black Forest) and were disappointed. They were both way too sweet/syrupy with very little espresso. The "bowl" size is also ridiculously huge. Food: A+ for the food! I haven't had a bad dish yet. Visit #1 was for breakfast and I tried the Chicken Breakfast Burrito and my partner had the Uncommon Huevos. Both were very good with just a touch of spice and came with cube potatoes and fruit. (Ultimately I preferred the burrito.) Visit #2 was for dinner - I tried the Chorizo Stuffed Chicken and my partner had the Bouillabaisse. My chicken was amazing! Spicy and tender and served with creamy chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes. The Bouillabaisse was also good, especially the broth. We also ordered a side of sweet potato fries with goat cheese fondue which I highly recommend. All of the portions were large and we took half the meal home with us. On the food alone, UG deserves five stars. But I can only give them four for two reasons: their prices are a bit high and their waitstaff has a lurking problem. They simply have too many people on the floor - hosts, waiters, food runners, bus boys, etc. People end up standing around by the kitchen door and it made me feel like I was being watched while I ate. Creepy! (It wasn't as bad in the back room away from the kitchen door.) Regardless of the lurkers, I will definitely go back. I want to try out some of their speciality drinks! EDITED 2-28-08: Tried a few specialty martinis. Delicious! I also recommend the seared scallop appetizer.
