Came here with a friend and fellow Yelper because Wilde Bar & Restaurant was one of the participating restaurants for Dining Out for Life, a one day-event where participating restaurants donated a portion of their proceeds from the night would go to AIDSCare, an HIV/AIDS housing organization operating a three-building campus in North Lawndale on Chicago's West Side. Named after author Oscar Wilde, Wilde Bar & Grille is one of the best decorated restaurants I have visited. Although I am not familiar with Oscar Wilde's work nor style, I am sure the owners paid attention to them with their decor of dark woods, booths under canopied arches, and an opportunity to dine fireside in the restaurant's mini library. And as other Yelpers have raved, yes, the bathrooms are worth a visit and look with their glass tiles and full doors. I had made reservations which led us to a seat near the front to enjoy the open air and have a view of the Bulls/Celtics Game 6 (thanks to my friend for choosing to dine with me regardless of this pivotal game!) We had done our Yelp research and ordered the macaroni and cheese side order, which we split as an appetizer. I wished that I had ordered this as my main dish! Made with corkscrew pasta, the mac and cheese was baked under several cheeses and topped nicely with crunchy Irish bacon. A side order is the size of a regular plate. I ordered the chicken pot pie for myself which was okay. It wasn't my first choice, but our waitress was a little late in telling me they had run out of the whitefish. My friend ordered the seafood pasta, for which he had whole grain spaghetti substituted. His dish was good, and the spaghetti captured the seafood flavors well. I topped off my meal with hot chocolate with butterscotch schnapps, and my friend had the hot chocolate with mint schnapps. Both were quite delicious and a nice end to a 60 degree night. A couple of reasons why I'm not giving Wilde a better rating is that they're kind of a one-dish sort of place. I also think the waitress should have informed us from the beginning that they ran out of certain items. The service was paradoxical in that they were quick to take our food away but slow to refill on water.
