Whoever said that Sabatino's is one of Chicago's best kept secrets put it best. My boyfriend wanted to take me here forever, and I'm glad he did because at least for the moment it's my favorite restaurant in the world. We went on a weeknight, a little bit later at night, and there were more people in the bar than in the restaurant. The host took us to a booth which is like in the wall, closed off from pretty much everything and our waiter came up to our doorway to take our orders and whatnot. Eat the Chicken Sabatino or be sad for the rest of your life. My boyfriend got that and it was SO GOOD the next time I end up over here for whatever occasion I need to have a whole one to myself. It's chicken stuffed with wild rice, mushrooms, olives, and it's got a crazy sauce on it. What's even more insane is that the chicken is like a ball, like perfectly rounded and its just so crazy. I ended up getting the Fettechini Alfredo Premavera just because I love pasta to death and I had to try out something pasta-ish at this place, and my God. It was so absolutely delicious and rich and filling that I couldn't finish it, but I would completely get it again. The veggies in there were a perfect touch and I was so happy I didn't just get the normal Fettuchini. I almost don't want to tell you what waiter we had because he was so freaking amazingly amazing that I want him for my personal waiter haha. He was this older Italian man who reminded me of Gepetto and he was like old man flirting with me according to my boyfriend haha. He was joking with us the whole night though and teasing and whatnot and he kept coming back to see that everything was alright even before we got our food (which took like an hour to cook but you know I didn't care at all because we were having such an awesome time). In fact, we were so closed off in our booth (I just can't get over how awesome it was) that these people who were super sloshed at some table by the back of the restaurant were like "((HIC)) WHATEVER WE'RE THE ONLY ONES HERE" and swearing and whatnot. One of the waiters looked at us and looked over at those people and were just like disgusted that we were getting a bad impression haha. What else was hilarious was that we overheard people in the kitchen talking about somebody drinking and it turned out later it was our waiter which explained why he was so incredibly friendly and teasy and insane. At the end of the night we got the Bananas Foster (back to the food...) which they make right in front of you, and it both smells delicious and tastes even more so delicious. When we were done our waiter STILL wanted to be chit chatting with us and he did for a good like five or ten minutes. We were probably the last people in the actual restaurant at that point, when we left we were just so blown away by how rad the experience was. And my boyfriend was still teasing me because I didn't finish my pasta and he was saying that our waiter is the type to tell me that I don't get dessert if I don't finish my food, and low and behold when he came back and I asked him to wrap up my premavera.
