I write this review as a celiac and a celiac only. NEVER eat here if you have celiac disease. The food is not safe. They claim to provide gluten-free food. They even have a cute little menu that says "Gluten Allergy" on the front marked up so you know what you can supposedly order and eat safely. I repeat - THE FOOD IS NOT SAFE. We had a lovely waiter, named James, who was clearly well educated on gluten and who helped me navigate the menu and the specials. He even brought wheat- free tamari out of the back for me. After I had ingested a few maki rolls, my partner who had heard me voice concerns earlier about sushi rice having gluten in it, asked James if there was gluten in the vinegar they used to make the rice. He was quick to admit he wasn't sure and went to go double check. Shortly thereafter, James returned and said "Actually, I was mistaken. The rice is a problem. There is gluten in the vinegar. Nothing here is apparently safe for you." So, we cancelled the rest of the meal and told him we were finished. He apologized profusely. And even returned a few times to tell us that he felt terrible and that he wouldn't have ever done anything to hurt me, he thought he could trust the "Gluten Allergy" menu and advice from the managers. James' service was excellent. The manager came over and I explained to her the detriment of handing people a menu with "Gluten Allergy" written on it with claims that they actually have safe dishes that we can eat when they don't. I also explained that I will get really sick from the food. She said that if I wanted to go to the doctor they would cover it. A nice gesture, I guess? She didn't understand, as most people don't... its not as if I can go to the hospital and get a shot... or some drugs... I just get sick. And eventually, the more that this happens, the more chance I have of developing ... you know... fun stuff like stomach cancer. Anyway, I tried to explain this to her. I told her that wasn't how it worked. She left. Then the bill arrived. Yeah, that's right, they asked us to pay for our meal (which was only $40). We explained that since they had basically poisoned me, we didn't feel it fair to pay for the check. She stalled us, tried to call the other managers, she said she needed me to fill out some form, and that ...yes, we should pay for our bill. My husband, best friend and I got a bit heated... asked if she was sure she felt like we should pay... if she was really certain that this was what she wanted. She said yes - and so I agreed to pay - and then, THEN she wouldn't take my credit card. She used it as bait to get me to wait while she called the other managers...presumably to bring me some "form"...said she needed us to wait a bit longer, as if the 20 minutes of waiting and the 10 minutes of arguing wasn't enough. I told her we had to leave and to quit calling the other managers... just to let me pay and leave... and she. wouldn't. do. it. She kept telling us to wait. No f-ing joke. So, we just left. Really super extraordinarily sucky dining experience.
