WOW!  So this new Ethiopian restaurant just opened in Uptown. A friend and I decided to be adventurous and give it a try. Are we glad we did! In my humble opinion, this has the ability to become a true Destination restaurant on the Chicago scene. As we hesitantly stood outside, deciding whether or not to take a plunge, a couple was exciting. I quickly asked them.. So what is the food like? They both said, Great, MUCH better than Mama Desta's... and thus began our evening. The food and service was EXCELLENT. We walked in and were immediately greeted by smiling faces and waitresses in what I assume are native Ethiopian dress. They were extremely accommodating. When we sat down, we were asked if we had eaten at an Ethiopian restaurant. Years ago, we said, at Mama Desta's... she smiled and said, with confidence, we would enjoy ourselves more there. And was she right! The restaurant itself is very relaxed and unassuming. One of the very first things we noted, was the diversity of the patrons. It pretty much epitomized why I love Chicago. Folks of every race and orientation, were all smiling, enjoying themselves. The decor is OK, and I hope as they become more successful, they add a bit more authenticity. The tables are well spaced, so you don't feel crowded.  There was jazz music playing! And at the perfect level to both enjoy it and have a conversation. I find more often than not, when a restaurant offers music, it tends to overwhelm the experience. This was not the case at all. NOW FOR THE FOOD... OMG! It was phenomenal! I will not pretend to remember the names of what we ordered, but it included what is like a chick pea somosa, followed by a perfectly spiced chicken dish and a rosemary beef fajita type entree (that was at the suggestion of our waitress, who was spot on.) It came on a large tray complete with a small salad, chick pea spread the best greens I have ever eaten. All of this with the crepe like bread you use to eat everything. Again, it was almost fajita like in terms of how you eat dinner.  As I said, right now I do not know the names of everything, but with what I am sure will be my frequent returns, I will have them memorized shortly! I do have two suggestions for the owner. 1. The lighting was too bright. I understand that they lower it later in the evening, but this restaurant has the chance to become a great date night destination. Please lower your lights upon opening. Also, they had no wine list, which was a bit annoying. The waitress was very gracious in going to the bar and finding out what was available, but she should not have to do so. But overall, a phenomenal new restaurant , not just for Uptown, but for the city. As they just opened, I am sure they will do some tweaking, as any new place would, and I look forward to returning very soon. ONE COMPLAINT...$4.50 for a Miller? $5.00 for pretty much every other beer? Now, that my friends, is ridiculous.... Again, this is a great date restaurant or one with a group of friends! I highly recommend it and look forward to going back many many times!
