i was debating on whether to give the bad apple 2 stars or 3. i'll give them 3, but in my head it's more of a 2.5. me and fellow yelper Desiree G. headed out there on an early saturday afternoon, at about 12. after debating on so many places to go, we decided to check this place out. there were only a handful of people already there, which was nice. we seated ourselves and i immediately checked out the beer menu. i didn't really feel like having a drink, but since this place was supposed to have good beers, i figured, when in rome. so i opted for New Holland The Poet - "Oatmeal stout with toasted coffee and rich chocolate flavors and a lightly hopped finish. Smooth & luxurious." i'm really bad at detecting certain flavors in beers, so i can't really comment much on it, except saying it was a good beer. onto the food menu, i've been having bad burger cravings, so i was obviously going to try a burger. i decided on the slow burner, "Left Hand Milk Stout sauted spicy chilies & onions, bacon, white cheddar." it sounded really delicious, and spicy chilies was calling my name. and last minute we decided to get some fried cheese curds for an app. those were totally delicious, fried, yummy batter, and delicious dipping sauce. who could resist fried cheese? but here's where the stars begin to get taken away. the slow burner, FAIL. even people who are super sensitive to spiciness would say this isn't spicy AT ALL. the peppers were almost sweet tasting. not a bad thing, but when i want spicy, I WANT SPICY. and the burger meat itself. yeah, not amazing. there was almost no flavor to it, ,it was bland, and i ordered mine medium rare, but it was cooked more to a medium..not enough pink! i like my burgers super pink inside! even red! so this was disappointing. and the fries, yeah, i think i ate about 5 fries total. i love fries, and when the fries suck, YOU SUCK. no, but srsly, i was kind of disappointed. im not saying i wouldn't be back. i would go back for the beers which were decently priced, and the cheese curds for sure.
