It is not often that I find myself dining in the Loop. I am not really the biggest fan of what the area has to offer. Alas, my girlfriend had a voucher for discounted Amtrak tickets that she had to actually go to Union Station in order to use, which is quite annoying. Oddly enough, she received the voucher due to Amtrak being pretty horrible and delaying her train by some god-awful-ridiculous length of time and her having to call and complain. Their answer, "Sorry. Here is a voucher for a discount on a future train ticket, but in order to use it you have to come down to Union Station and stand in line forever only to be waited on by our charming staff that we have recruited from a pool of ex-postal employees." And so we found ourselves in the Loop on a Friday evening. I did some research to try and find somewhere interesting to go for dinner. We decided upon The Gage, mostly because I love when restaurants use game meats and I am a big fan of things like house-made sausages, rillettes, and most of all foie gras. We did not make reservations and it was a Friday evening, so I did have a back-up plan just in case. We arrived and were told it would be an hour or we could try the bar, which is first come, first serve. Being it was our first time here, I opted to wait the hour and get a table in the dining area. So we went and hung out in Millennium Park for a while to waste some time. We came back to The Gage and were seated fairly quick. The food menu was a little strange in layout, but everything on it sounded delicious. The drink menu was quite nice. Tasty cocktails, good wine, and a pretty good beer list with selections from Three Floyd's, Unibroue, Dogfish Head, Two Brothers, and several more, including a couple of British beers I am unfamiliar with. Getting down to the main reason we came to The Gage, I will discuss the food. It was very good. The House Poutine, which was my first poutine, was awesome. Fries, gravy, cheese curds, elk... Heaven. The fondue was also very delicious. Next, we tried the goose, foie gras, and duck rillettes. It was the best. I have had rillete at my school. I have made rillete myself. And I had the rillette at The Bristol, which was very good, but this was the best. And the presentation was great. To finish off the night, I had the locally crafted sausages, which were very good, and my girlfriend had "The Gage" burger, which was also good, but too big. And actually, my only real complaint about The Gage was the portion sizes. I am sure that most people think it is wonderful and a lot of people in this country feel that if they can move after their meal then they got ripped off, but I am starting to disagree, as of late. I much prefer feeling like I could eat a little more, but shouldn't, than feel stuffed to capacity. Anyway, now I know for next time that everything on the menu, even the items listed as snacks, comes in a hearty portion. One last thing... I should say that the service was quite good. The Gage was pretty busy. Packed, even. And service, other than our server being a little weird, was very quick and attentive. A+.
