Quack quack. Oh gosh. I really wanted to give this place one star so everyone else will stop going...however, my morals just won't allow me to do that. Guess the duck is out of the dog's mouth (and hanging in the window). Sorry to offend, but I am definitely a meat eater. The below reviews are pretty self explanatory so here was my experience. Prep work: -Made reservations a week in advance for 10 people. Ordered 2 Peking ducks. Was told that reservations guaranteed us a seat but we'd still have to wait for the duck since Saturday's usually a busy night and there would be only two duck cutters. It was suggested that we'd order appetizers to tide ourselves over while we'd wait. -Upon arrival, we were seated pretty much right away. -7 duck eaters (1 allergic to shrimp), 1 pescatarian, 1 person who didn't like duck, 1 vegetarian As the duck was cooking: -Countless Tsingtaos -Bean Sprout Noodles - supposed to come with pork, but to be thoughtful to others, no pork - looked kind of funny but surprisingly delicious. -Fried Wantons - little strange, greasy with shrimp inside...I shoved in my mouth because I was starving. -Beef with Chinese Broccoli - pretty tasty -Tofu with vegetables - heard it was good and even delicious three days later -Shrimp with Lobster - be warned...this dish has pork in it. The shrimp was jumbo sized. ---All of the above came out before the duck so I was picking/grazing while gazing longingly at the ducks hanging in the window. Where was mine?? Upon serving: -Crispy skin with juicy dark meat...served with sliced onions, carrots, hoisin sauce, and little potholder style buns...this was by far the best part. I made sure to call a drumstick when I organized dinner. As I kept eating the tasty bbq-ed skin of the duck, I could feel my arteries clogging up. Phenomenal. -Duck soup...interesting. Tasty. Never had it before. -Duck rice.....delicious!! So delicious!! After it was all gone, I was starting to wish I had ordered 3 ducks for the 7 of us to share. After clean up: $167ish including tip I believe. For all of us. Win win! Things to keep in mind: Try to come back with a smaller group. I'm coming back and trying the lobster.
