I was torn between giving Gilt Bar 3 or 4 stars. I think I would settle on 3.5 stars but only because the temperature in the restaurant stopped us from having desserts and forced us to leave too early. However, the food alone was definitely a 4 (maybe even a 5 if we would have tried the desserts). We met friends for dinner on a Saturday night. We made 7pm reservations. When we got there the restaurant was empty but by 8pm it was super crowded and I was glad that we decided on reservations.  The food was great and as I said, all a 4. I hesitate to say 5 because we didn't get to try the desserts. We had the roasted bone marrow and steak tartare to start. Both were served on toast and the flavors in both were perfect. I had a pasta entree and my husband opted for the smaller sized ribeye. My pasta had chicken, broccoli rabe and parmesan. The portion size was just right and the flavors worked well together. My husband really enjoyed his steak. It was served with a seasoning salt and he couldn't stop raving about that. Our friends had the roasted chicken and both enjoyed it. We also shared some veggies on the side. Overall, the flavors in the food were great, the food was fresh and served warm. We started out with a few different specialty cocktails. We moved on to a bottle of wine. I had the moscow mule and it was super refreshing. We were celebrating so tried to order a round of shots for the table. Our server indicated that she was not allowed to serve shots bc it was abused when they first opened and etc. The background story was somewhat odd as she went into details. I supposed we could have ordered on the rocks but didn't want to go through the hassle, etc. Moving on to why I decided on the 3/3.5 star rating ... the restaurant felt like 110 degrees. When we got there the temp felt fine but as the night went on everyone in our party commented on the hot temperature. The two men at our table were sweating and very uncomfortable. I even heard the a girl at the table next to me tell all her friends that the heat was ridiculous. We all wanted to get a second bottle of wine and have dessert but couldn't stand the heat so we decided to go someplace else. I was really sad because the dark chocolate brownies sounded amazing.  I realized this is probably a good after work place so I hope my husband and I can give it a second chance one night after work. Hopefully, I will be updating my review soon.
