I wasn't sure what to expect at Bin 36. I had read all the reviews on here and had heard several people talk about it- but I had never been. Hard to believe given I eat out alot and love a fine glass of wine. We arrived and sat at the bar for a few minutes. The bartender was actually quite funny (or maybe I should be offended?) I said that there were so many choices of wine that I needed to get my glasses out. Viola! The bartender produces this giant magnifying glass for me to read the menu. Not sure what was worse- the fact that I couldn't read the menu or that everyone at the bar saw I couldn't read the menu! It actually was quite funny and the bartender played along with me and he actually seemed dismayed when we left his bar and went to our table. Note to you all- be careful what you ask for. We were quickly seated in the main dining room and immediately were presented with a wine list, tasting menu and dinner menu. With a little help from out server, Robert, we ordered a lovely Italian red (reasonably priced and delicious) which set the perfect tone for our dinner. We started with oysters (west coast, rather small but tasted like the sea) and then had their Bin 36 salad which I loved. It had mixed greens, goat cheese and currents with a light vinaigrette dressing. Delicious. For my entree, I had the monkfish which was good but I felt that the accompanying pork sauce and kale was a bit overpowering. Still very good. And the Bin 36 mashed potatoes that I ordered as a side were also quite nice. My friend had the hangar steak and fries which were also quite good. For dessert, we tried the chocolate mousse (be aware- it doesn't say that there is an orange sauce in and on it and it is woven through the whole thing and since orange is a no no for me- I couldn't eat this) but I had the ice cream flights which were perfect. Tiny scoops of malted vanilla, cinnamon stick, and salty caramel ice cream all served with mini cookies. The perfect way to end the evening. I would go again to share some wine and food with friends. I loved that the staff encourages you to try new things in both food and wine. But watch out for that bartender- he's got a magnifying glass under that bar that is sure to embarrass!! But it certainly helped to start up conversations with the people around us!
