We came across this place walking toward another restaurant for Lunch so we decided to go in as they were offering a $19.99 for Lunch. I had never been here before having only just moved here but was surprised at how fab it was I though for $19.99 when you say Lunch the dessert would be included, is that me being cheap? I don't know. However, you probably wouldn't have room for dessert. Seriously nice interior decor and great washrooms. Did I mention washrooms are a thing for me, and this place had nice ones. Also its enormous, I see now why they can get away with it being so enormous. The concept is pretty cool, you fill up on the salad/veggie/starch bar which has a great range of cold salas, ham, salami, hot tortellini, pepper, asparagus stuff like that. The thing I liked about the salad bar was that it was well ordered, there was no cross contamination and it was clean. I hate those disgusting salad bars that everyone puts every spoon in. So 5/5 for the salad/veggie bar for content and quality. The meat, oh my god it was fabulous. Unlike some lardos reviewing this web site I had them cut off small slices every time they came to the table instead of over filling my plate and wasting the food :o) SO I ate my greens, drank my cabernet which was overpriced but nice and had regular visits from our meat waiter. I have real problems saying no to food but I decided quite early on that I didn't want to ruin the experience by eating too much so I probably made the right decision. I had some lamb, parmesan encrusted pork, beef, slices of some other meat. I never got to see the chicken or fish strangely but I had had plenty by then. I went for lunch and all the meat was juicy and perfectly cooked for me. No dryness or anything, just perfectly succulent meat on a stick sliced off to perfection onto my plate. For dessert I had a very thin slice of Carrot cake which was really bloody nice I have to say.  I adore carrot cake and this was by far one of the better ones. However, I did not realise the dessert was not included as they did not give me a price list or menu for the desserts so that I think is very naughty. I had a glass of cabernet Sauvignon which at $12.99 was bloody expensive, it was a nice glass and I should have checked the price instead of just asking for something specific or just drinking the water. I mean it was lunch time and I am no lush so the wine really wasn't necessary. All that meat though gets you going. When our check came they forgot to add our $19.99 lunches so I called the waiter back to tell him he had undercharged us, so honest I am. When I saw the $7.50 for the desserts i.e. $7.50 each I was a bit miffed but again I should have asked if dessert was included my fault I suppose. So it cost 100 bucks for lunch for 2 which is actually quite expensive but then if you go here for dinner that $19.99 lunch will cost you $48.50. It's also a lot more than I had initally wanted to pay. If we had just had the lunch which was way more than enough and drank water you could have walked away with spending under $50 including tip. My tip, come here for Lunch unless you have money to burn or are just plain daft as its the same food, although not the same ambience. As usual for me the music was too loud but it was well chosen and quite listenable. I initially gavce this 5/5 but decided it wasn't perfect so 4/5 is once again my rank. Pros: When we were there the meat was perfectly cooked and you could sit there forever and continue eating. Great decor and good washrooms Great value salad/veggie/starch bar which was clean, not cross contaminated and nicely laid out. I would take a vegetarian here that's how good I thought it was. Really nice fried banana things they give you with your main course, eat them instead of ordering dessert. Attentive service Downsides Music yet again just a little loud Charging for Dessert when I thought it was included whose fault is that? MIne I suppose.
