I've been meaning to review The Publican for over a week. I've just been busy. Tonight was my third trip, and I'm tapping this out because I have an extra 15 minutes. Then I have to go, but I'll be back and update it. I even carry photos of the food, it's that good. The reason my reviews tend towards higher scores, isn't because I'm not picky. I'm picky enough that I rarely go eat crap just so I can give a place a bad score. If I'm disappointed, I'm not shy about giving something a passing or utter fail. I just like to eat well and so I do. I realize that The Publican is all the rage. Also, it was Timeout Chicago best new restaurant which is when I was first intrigued. It wasn't the first time I'd seen it. No. I rent a Coworker space directly above The Publican. You know it's bad when incredible cooking vapors find their way above, seeping in through the smallest cracks and crevices of the building to fill our airspace with intoxicating and disturbingly tempting odors for hours before they open. It's just not fair. And the beer. The selection may not be as wide as Hopleaf, but it's a fine and eclectic bunch of restaurant owner favorites, an owner with impeccable taste. Try the oysters. Try the spicy pork rinds (you read that correctly). They do everything well and you can't go wrong. There is an emphasis on meat. If you're vegetarian, there are not a lot of choices but the dishes will be tasty regardless, especially if you'll eat fish. If you're vegan, there really won't be a lot of choices. That doesn't mean it isn't good for dessert. I had a chocolate tort with hazelnut ice cream, served with Intelligentsia and cream, accompanied by raw sugar cubes. Yum! Unforgettable, actually. I dream that chocolate tort. I asked if they had it tonight. No? No! Aw well. If there are any complaints, the music is a short record on repeat of essentially the same song. It's an upbeat base line because the sound system doesn't get the melody across well. The place is fairly noisy. The seating is creative, and they open the doors near tables when the weather is nice. Everyone is nice. Try it!
