I watched the episode of Check Please!, read the reviews on Yelp, and had ordered pizza for delivery from La Villa a few times and thought it was decent. So on Friday 8/5/2011 we decided to have a nice dinner out and chose La Villa. We arrived and parked with no problems. Entered the restaurant and stood right next to the hostess stand. There was no one at the stand so we stood there and waited. About 4-5 waitresses walked by and didn't even acknwledge our existence. Finally a nice waitress asked us if we were being helped and then seated us at a booth on the bar side nearest the live music. When we sat down I noticed that the table was severely slanted and coming out of the wall. We asked to be moved to the restaurant side and were seated immediately.Unfortunately, we were handed off to a different waitress named Dawn. Now Dawn seemed like a very nice person, but she was either really new to waitressing or really bad at it. She talked so quietly that you really had to lean in just to try a catch what she was saying. It took her 20 minutes to serve me a bottle of beer. When she described the soup she said it was cream of asparagus, but it was actually artichoke. My wife ordered a sprite/7-up and was first given a coke. At the end of the night our receipt had 4 different corrections on it. Hopefully, for Dawn's sake, she figures it out or I doubt she'll be employed there very long.The food. I ordered the chicken parm and it was fine. Huge portion with a lot of cheese and a side of spaghetti. The wife order the Chicken marsala. Her's was fine too, but nothing to write home about. The salad bar was a little on the scary side. First of all it is right next to a table where a family was seated for dinner. I felt like I was annoying them while I put together my salad. My ass was basically rght in their faces. They need to get that table out of there. The salad bar itself was a mixture of a lot of what seemed to be canned items with some chopped lettuce. I would rather have a choice to have the salad bar. I would definitely pass. They actually charge $10.95 if you just want the salad bar. Bad deal.The bread and the soup were fine.Near the end of our meal my wife ordered a refill for her 7-up and there was some kind of black debris on one of the ice cubes. Kind of disgusting. The decor is dated and the feel of the place is that it is old and dirty. I wouldn't want to see what the kitchen looks like.It's safe to say that we won't be giving La Villa another shot. The service was poor, the food was average, and the interior was uninviting and dirty.If we want great Italian we will stick with Caro Mia.
