It was rainy and cold but the weather could not possibly come across food and us. We stopped by the Purple Pig the day before Thanksgiving, roughly around 7pm. The place was packed and there was a 45 minutes wait. This little restaurant was so crowded. People stood around, waiting for tables, but mostly because if you weren't present when they call your name, they would skip you and you would have to re-enter your name on the waiting list. We decided to take the chance and went to Nordstorm to waste sometime, which turned out well since we got back just in time our name was called.  It was our first time, so we were unfamiliar with what they serve; we ended up taking the waitress's recommendations of Chicken Thigh Kebab, and Pork Saltimbocca with Rainbow Swiss Chard with additional orders of Mortadella, Balsamico & Pistachio, and Olive Oil-Poached Tuna with Greek Lima Beans. Tuna was good but not exactly my favorite in comparison to other dishes we ordered. The dish was served cold with gigantic lima beans, which was fatteningly scrumptious.  Then, the highlight of the night was served, mortadella, balsamico & pistachio smeared on toasted bread. It was just flawlessly delicious. The crushed pistachio completed the dish with flavorful nuttiness. Pork saltimbocca was well seasoned and prepared, however the chicken thigh kebab was superior in my opinion in comparison to pork saltimbocca. If you are looking for a meat dish to complete your meal, chicken thigh is the way to go. However, I have also heard good things about their pork shoulder that we didn't get a chance to try. Purple pig is one of a kind restaurant. The restaurant is well decorated, small, and cozy. It is located on Michigan Ave, which is hard to get to if you live in the suburb but it is definitely worth the drive/cost of parking/commute time. The restaurant specializes in wine and pork related dishes. The portions are small, like tapa style. We had four courses between two people; we finished everything and were completely stuffed and happy at then end of our dinner. The creativity was the main attraction. Their menu items are unique and can't be found in any typical restaurants. I was impressed with their menu, and the choice of ingredients. The bill was surprisingly affordable. For such creative food Purple Pig serves, I'd expect to pay more than ~$50 for our meal. Bottom-line, Purple Pig would be on my visit list during my next trip home.
