I'm completely torn on how exactly to rate this hotel. There were a lot of things I liked about it, and I will probably stay here again, but it could use some improvements. The Hampton Inn is truly within walking distance of everything we really needed. We drove from Detroit, parked the truck, and only used it when going outside of downtown. We walked the magnificent mile, we walked to Millenium and Grant Parks, we walked to Navy Pier, I walked to get Kolten's hair cut. It's in a great location! Parking: never cheap doing valet! But for $42/day....We were staying here for 3 1/2 days... and it's just not justifiable in my book. I opted for the privately owned parking lot across the street for $25/day with unlimited in-and-out privileges! Note: cash only! It was impossible to get a smile out of the owner too. Valet/Bell Hops: great during the day! They saw us coming with the stroller and opened all of the doors =) At night, we were pretty much on our own. That's not a true complaint, but it should be more consistent. Breakfast: continental breakfast! The hot foods changed each morning but the rest was still more than enough to fill me up before starting out our day. Fresh fruit [grapefruit, pineapple, and oranges], box cereal, muffins, bagels, juice, coffee.... a definite plus when vacationing! Price: Excellent for the amenities offered!! Remember to book it with the discount [AAA, etc] to ensure the price quoted reflects the discount. They even allowed late check-out without any extra cost since no one had booked our particular room, which allowed us to get in some last minute stops without driving around with all of our goodies. Pool was a great way to get Kolten used to swimming and to wind down in the afternoon. It's not olympic size but there is also a jacuzzi tub and steam room in the pool area on the 2nd floor. Hotel key entry. The room itself: -industrial view. We were not blessed with a city view. More like the alleyway, but that's okay- we wanted to see the city up close and personal..not from the room window. Plus, when we were in the room, the shades were closed to drown out the light, to lull Kolten to sleep. -Major plus for mom's/traveling with young ones: kitchenette. FRIDGE, stove, microwave, dishwasher and sink. Perfect for storing Kolten's gallon of milk, drinks, fruits, string cheese, and all of our water and snacks! I was really relieved when the honey mentioned we would have the kitchenette!! -living room partitioned off with solid french-like doors. The doors needed some serious WD-40! It made the most obnoxious loud screech whenever you tried to open it. It was useless to try to open them quietly without the monster waking up. The teeth clenching and eye squint didn't help either! -Couch, a chair with ottoman in the living room and another identical set in the bedroom, 2 flat screen TVs- one in the living room and one in the bedroom, desk and office chair, kitchenette table and chairs, coffee tables, etc. Keep in mind the furniture isn't "dingy" per se, it could use some updating, or maybe a good steam cleaning. The upholstery looked kind of grandma-ish. -The bed- king sized with white linens and breakfast tray. This is where the magic happens...LOL! Surprisingly, this bed didn't give me the hee-bee-gee-bee's like some hotels have in the past with their floral bedspread and nasty blankets. This my friends, is comfy, clean, and crisp. Notes: 1. When up in the morning and getting a slow start, remember to put the "Resting" tag on door....or else the housekeeper will get a peek of your goods coming out of the shower! 2. When tilting the 1 1/2 yr old back in the office chair and spinning it around, always check underneath to make sure it has both bolts... or else the back falls off along with the child. Thankfully, he was alright, and the manager on duty came up apologizing and filed an incident report. We also got a replacement chair. I would stay here again and recommend it to my friends, if they weren't looking to stay in a penthouse-style hotel.
