In the words of Michael Jackson....Who's Bad? well, the answer is Gilt Bar, as much as I hate to say it.  I tend to write reviews on the positive side, so when I have a bad experience, well it's usually a situation where things just went horribly wrong.  I organized a big 'girls night out' dinner there for two of my friends birthdays...we had 14 girls show up and we headed down to the cocktail lounge downstairs. The waitress we had was really nice, however, they only had one waitress servicing the entire basement area which didn't really seem like an adequate number for a Saturday night.  We were seated about a half an hour after our 9pm reservation, which wasn't really too bad, however.... Once upstairs, we were informed that this was 'family style' dining which was weird because the entrees looked like individual portions. Once we figured out what to order, it took another hour to get even the first pasta dish....by 11:15 we had some very hungry (and progressively more tipsy due to the lack of eating) girls. We could not, for the life of us, figure out why it is touted as a family style because the pasta portions were not big enough. We finally got our entrees but by that point everyone was pretty ornery and all together annoyed.  In sum, the servers were doing the best the could (because it was obvious that the waitresses were only working with what they were given, if the kitchen is backed up - it's not really their fault)....it was more of an operations management issue.  At the end of the night, the manager was extremely accommodating and agreed to purchase our last round of drinks, however, a few of the girls actually left and went to get pizza afterward because they were still hungry!  That just isn't cool in my book - if you go to a 3 hour dinner the last thing you should be is hungry! On the positive side - the decor and set-up of the bar is really awesome, this would be a good place to take a date for drinks downstairs at the lounge. The food was pretty good (the Gorgonzola pasta was great), however it just wasn't worth the hassle of everything else that went wrong. I think this is just a matter of working out the kinks...I'd give this place another shot once they've been open a little longer!
