I have an announcement. I'm pregnant. With a food baby. Made of pulled pork. I can't speak to what dinner is like, but the prixe fixe lunch special is where it's at. It's an insane bang for your buck, guys. As of late, I've been craving mountains of pulled pork with various BBQ sauces. Unfortunately, I didn't discover Chicago Q until NOW (WTF IS WRONG WITH MEEEEEE), and once I realized that piles of smoked meat were only a few blocks from my work, off I went. Chicago Q opens into a fancy, higher end interior. It is the gold coast, after all...NO SLACKERS ALLOWED. There's also a front patio for when the weather is nice. I opted to sit inside since it's still a bit breezy out...and I was the only one there. I guess the lunch crowd shows up later at Chicago Q. Anyway, the prixe fixe lunch special. For $15 you get an app (I chose the cheddar bacon hushpuppies with aioli), a main (pulled pork sammich DUH) and a dessert (cinnamon ice cream). Since I was the only one in the entire restaurant, my waiter was super attentive and sweet. He got my started off with some snack attacks, which were homemade bread and butter pickles and potato chips. I ate an embarrassing amount of those pickles. They were so sweet and tangy! The chips were good too, but I'm more of a pickle gal. My hushpuppies came out within 5-10 minutes of ordering. Ah. So good. I'm a sucker for delicious fried foods, and this didn't disappoint. They were light and cheesy on the inside with a serious crunch on the outside. They were covered in some type of spicy seasoning with a side of dippin' aioli. You get 3 of them with this lunch special which is more than enough - they are pretty rich. Ok, onto the main. I'll be honest: When I heard that this was a prixe fixe meal, I kind of expected the sizes of all the food on the menu to be drastically reduced. The hushpuppies and the dessert were (but honestly, one person doesn't need more than 3 hushpuppies or more than a scoop of ice cream), but the pulled pork sandwich was ENORMOUS. It was hungry lumberjack sized. It came with an enormous amount of cole slaw as well...these are very serious portions and you better show up with a serious appetite. Along with my gigantic sammich/coleslaw combo, I got 4 bbq sauces: Original, Spicy, Vinegar and Mustard. All were good. The coleslaw was a mayo based one - it was good but the pork really stole the show. It was super tender and smokey...and each of the sauces only made it better. I doused it all in vinegar sauce and then sampled a bit of each of the other ones...I really liked the spicy sauce and the mustard sauce, but they were all good. The upper part of the bun was kind of meh (a little stale) but the lower bun was all juicy from the pig juice and bbq sauce, so I made quick work of that. By the end of my pig adventure, it was time for dessert. I flagged my waiter and told him that I COULDN'T EAT ANYMORE RIGHT NOW. NO DESSERT. PLEASE. NO DESSERT. I think that's the first time I've ever said those words, people. He laughed and said that happens a lot, and offered me two cookies to go. I opted for the chocolate chip and the oatmeal bacon cookie, which my co workers thoroughly enjoyed. The service and food and Chicago Q is top notch and I will be back for more pork related food babies. Most definitely.
