Finally.... I have lived in Chicago for a few years now, and when I first arrived, I lived just down the block. For a long time I thought nothing of the building, until I found out that it was indeed a very nice restaurant. I checked out the menu and was floored. It was filled with a story book of flavors that I wanted to try desperately. Sadly, I was a lowly intern, working for peanuts and left overs. I moved on, and time had passed. Now, a "professional" working artist, I had the joy of being able to enjoy a meal at Bonsoiree, and the wait was well worth it.  Yes, it's sad that they went from 5 to 4 courses, and that the additional add on course was a little too high priced, but we had a great time. I could see why some people wouldn't have the luck of a nice night, but all our cards fell into place.  I wont go into detail over ever course, but I will recapture the feeling of the place. Each dish is a part of a theme, a story, and its presented as such. Individual serving plates and dishes compliment the meal it holds. Each dish is familiar in nature, but complex in execution. You can tell there's some thought put into everything, and that fun was had along the way. The BBQ pork and potatoes stood out due to small add ons, mustard drops so full of flavor, it should be applied as an after thought. A desert of ginger ice cream that really was a treat and cleansed the palate. To have meals like this with BYOB was part of the draw, and frankly, made since. You decide what you want to drink, they just hold it for you and serve.  Many have rated this place high, and it is deserving of the praise, however, I can see how some people would get thrown off. Our waitress disappeared halfway through the meal, replaced by the waiter who only looked at my fiance...great. This was weird, and for somewhere as nice, there's no excuse. It didn't detract however from the experience as a whole, so no stars lost. It did prove me to me that the place was perfect. Bonsoiree can be best summed up as an independent art gallery. It'll surprise you most of the time, turn you off when not right and will always be changing. I highly recommend the experience to any foodie or hungry person alike.
