After vowing to do a better job of taking advantage of the amazing array of dining options that Albany Park has to offer my wife and I made our first trek to this great neighborhood restaurant. Noon-o-Kabab came highly recommended and we were not disappointed. While perusing the ample list of appetizers, we informed the waitress that it was our first time dining at the restaurant and asked if she had any particular recommendations. Much to our delight she offered to bring us a complimentary sampler of two of her favorite appetizers (Kash-Ke-Bademjan and Caspian Eggplant). Both are eggplant based dips/spreads served with pita bread. While we likely wouldn't have chosen to order either, it worked out great because my wife learned she really does like eggplant! The pitas came out hot, a must in my opinion, and both appetizers were delicious...and did I mention FREE. What a great way to win over new diners. For our entre we shared the Chenjeh (ribeye) and Joujeh (chicken) kabab combination. We both loved the chicken - very well seasoned with traditional Persian seasonings and cooked perfectly with a beautiful grilled flavor. We'll definitely order the chicken again when we return. The ribeye kabab was less successful. While the meat was flavorful it was a bit chewy for us. I was a bit surprised that we were not asked how we'd like our beef cooked - it was done to medium-well - next time we'll specify medium-rare instead. The dill rice that accompanies the kababs is highly recommended. Note that while certain "combination plates" are specified in the menu you can actually do any combination of kababs that you'd like.  After being tempted by the list of bastani, aka: "Persian gelato", sitting on our table for the entire meal we had to get some dessert! We opted for the chocolate hazelnut bastani with candied walnuts. While good, I would compare it more to a dense chocolate sherbet than gelato. The candied walnuts were definitely the star of this dessert. Since one dessert is never enough, we also got an order of Bomieh which was essentially fried dough, almost like mini churros, with a honey syrup. These were too sweet for my tastes, which is saying something because I have quite the sweet tooth. Having seen these come out to other tables throughout our meal it was my assumption that they were hot, but unfortunately they aren't. To top off the meal I also had a cup of Persian tea, which was described as a blend of five different teas. It was delicious, slightly sweet and with very herbal aroma and taste. This I'll definitely get again. The service was friendly and helpful. We also enjoyed the decor and the feel of the restaurant. We'll definitely be back and with a few changes to our order I'm hoping for a 5-star review next time.
