My husband and I just returned from visiting Chicago and we visited Glenn's Diner for brunch after seeing them on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. All we can say is "WOW!" We even went back 2 days later before we returned to New York! The place is just adorable and the waiters we had were wonderful - they gave us great suggestions and everyone there is so friendly and genuinely nice. We were lucky that it was off times since we didn't have to wait either time we were there. The cereal wall is really cute and we loved the blackboards which listed the fish specials on both walls. I can't understand why another reviewer complained about that since the writing is dark and large and there is no problem reading it at all. There were about 10 things I would have wanted on it! And they give you a menu with their regular items anyway. So enough about all of that and onto the important stuff - the food at Glenn's Diner. It was GREAT! And this is coming from an extremely hard to please and discriminating person. The waiter at brunch recommended a very random dish to my husband which I thought he would never order - the smoked trout hash with over easy eggs - and I have to say that all I kept doing was reaching across the table to take forks full of it from his dish! YUM! I ordered an omelet which happened to be great too but his was really something special. After we saw people all around us eating biscuits with sausage gravy, my husband mentioned to the server that he wished he had room to order some to taste because we never ate that before. The server came out a few minutes later with a small portion that he gave us as a sample! We couldn't believe how nice that was and how good it tasted too.  Our meal was so good that we returned for lunch the day we were heading back to NY (yesterday) and my lunch was even better than my breakfast was a few days earlier! Another waiter suggested the seafood salad with spinach and I have no idea how they can charge $10.95 for a salad with as much seafood in it as there was spinach! It had a really delicious dressing and there must have been at least 10 shrimp in it along with loads of the same smoked trout and even chunks of lobster. For $10.95! In New York, the same salad would easily have been $25 - and even that would have been worth it! Their prices are ridiculously low and everything there is made with really fresh and creative ingredients. The portions are very large and I wish there was a place in NY that was half as good as this place!
