Get in line at about 11:10 and watch as the oppressive sun flies over and precipitates beads of sweat formulating on my brow. Backed up by nearly 75 people, I am not even in the alley - the line is that long. The sidewalk is torn, shattered from the millions of people who have stood in my place and slowly shuffled along to get reach encased meat nirvana. An ice cream truck parked near the alley, no childrens' song blaring and no bells ringing. We go up and order ice cream to escape the oppression. Helping myself to a pre-Hot Doug's meat session, I hit up an Oreo ice cream bar and pay the man $2.00. In minutes, the ice cream was gone and I flipped open a locked garbage bin and chucked the remnants in. As we crawled through the line the anticipation for entering the Garden of Eden of encased meats heightened as I looked inside the window, saw people trying to slowly shuffle in and dominate some sausages! A foolish neophyte attempted to stroll in to grab himself a menu, but his application was denied! We crept past one door, and then were behind the air conditioned door, waiting for the gap in the line to form so we could bum rush it! And yes, it was to be - one hour of waiting had paid off! My friends all ordered before me, I then discovered that the Hotdougs on Twitter was not Doug, and he said that is how far his celebrity now went that there were impersonators on Twitter! Regardless of this fact, I ordered grilled Elk sausage with Honker's Ale mustard, with two cheeses, a Keira Knightley spicy dog, duck fat fries and a large drink. Yep, I really spent over $17 on this trip, but I do not care - for encased meat nirvana, I'd do anything! We hauled out one by one and headed to the river nearby to sit by the bank and watch barrels pass by on this blazing afternoon day. My friend had one bite of his veggie dog and was gagging. He declared and then I affirmed that Doug had messed up, Doug had ripped my friend off! Not so fast! I then took a bite out of his disputed veggie dog and declared that it was not meat, that the muscle fibers were not there to break down and that my friend himself had just bitten into the world's greatest veggie dog!!!!!!!!!!! I then unwrapped a white package that said ELK and started to go to town on encased elk meat. The flavors from the elk, the mustard, the two layers of cheese affirmed that Doug is the all-time master of bundling random game and making it a dog from the gods. Whatever so Doug shalt wrap, thou shalt be satisfied. The Knightley was spicy and the duck fries with cheese did not soggy up. That my friends, is an hour well spent.
