If you experience of having GREAT Asian food is PF Chang's, then you are going to HATE this place. I do love reading some of these reviews; "got grossed out when my chicken had BONES"... or... "pieces of cartilage." Gee, you really must be fun at a BBQ or at a Lobster Bake. Do you eat anything that doesn't come from a box? or your mommy's cajoling you to "open wide" while she spoon feeds you? WHITE PEOPLE... LISTEN UP! Your food comes from LIVING THINGS that someone killed to feed you. In some cultures (outside of your lily-gilded suburban existence)  they do not eat pre-packaged/ chopped/ pureed and formed meat substitutions (your McRib that you look forward to every year, doesn't come from an animal, but comes from a factory). They also don't have your mother on hand to ensure that you will never see a bone nor a piece of cartilage dare cross your lips. BONES are FLAVOR... you can order a DISH of cartilage (as well as tendon soup and even chicken feet) not only here but in many restaurants that feature other cultures and cuisines. Otherwise, if you firmly believe that "life is short, so take a bite"... then you will dig this place. Sun Wah does Chinese food really well. How well? I'm not sure, I've never been to China, but I do see some authentic Chinese people behind the line as well as authentically Chinese people eating happily there, as well as some Gwai Lo (which does include me). This IS a family run place, staples like the Hot and Sour soup can cure the common cold (if enough chili peppers are added) and is delicious. They also do this steamed Sole dish which I do have to say, is OUTSTANDING. Sole (some sort of lovely flounder/ roughy) is steamed with, Soy, Sweet Mirin style wine and Cilantro, finished with a sizzling drizzle of hot Chinese sausages, mushrooms and sesame oil. Really good. I've had the dish COUNTLESS times, a one-time special that they make special for us when we come in. EDIT: It is now apart of their regular menu... still tasty! Even Chinatown staples like Sweet and Sour shrimp are rather tasty and very generous portions (the reviews that the portions here are "so small : ( whah " reminds me of why the U.S. is SO FAT). Beer here is cheap, authentic and cold. Be nice to your girl who seats you (probably one of the owner's daughters), be nice to your servers and these guys will take care good care of you. If you have serious allergies, then ask for Laura (one of the owner's daughters), the WILL honor allergy and dietary requests. I really like this place, I live in the neighborhood. Even in a crap economy, they have GROWN their business and I fully think that they deserve my praise as well as support. I enjoy the food here and the people who run the place are about as professional as I've ever come across.
