Recently I found myself downtown on a Sunday attending a function. Afterwards, as always happens after eating banquet food; I find myself in the same mood as if I had spent a night at a strip club, IE. unsatisfied and wanting more. A quick check of the area and I find I'm not that far from Graham Elliot. Despite the fact that two different sources are conflicting each other regarding if they are open on a Sunday, we decide to chance it. Thank the gods they were open! When walking in, you are struck with a decor reminiscent of uber hip '70's style with a modern twist. The staff is relaxed and friendly and treat you as if you are being welcomed back even if it is your first time. Now on to the food... The tempura fried shrimp in a squash blossom is the best of southern meets Japan and whet the appetite even more that the amuse (a watermelon shooter). For entrees, the chicken with dirty rice is a whimsical play on a rilette and a deconstructed chicken jambalaya. The fried okra was crunchy and without any of the normal slime; something not easy to do. The only complaint is that, due to puffing the rice, it was a little dry and could have used another sauce. To a southerner, dirty rice is a long time and cherished comfort food, usually learned at the feet of a grandmother and to play with and update it take some big brass ones but it did not disappoint. I was glad, however, that the bartender warned me about the rice texture since it wasn't mentioned on the menu so I knew what to expect. The pork belly with chorizio broth and fried egg is off the hook. After the description do I really need to say anything more about this dish??  The peach sazarac is now what I measure all other deserts by. The rye brulee comes out looking like freaking scallops and is executed perfectly (I have a long time love affair with creme brulee since Commanders Palace in the '90's). Combined with the peach, the candied walnuts, and ice cream, it was a perfect way to end the meal. By the time we were done, I found myself still wanting more but for entirely different reasons. It might have been my first time at GR, but it definitely won't be my last.
