I am going to mention the importance of making a reservation way way in advance for Tru. We called in Nov to get the reservation for end of Jan on a Saturday night and the best they had was 8:45 which is a touch on the late side for us. So, that being said--if you want a Saturday night @8pm, I would say call 4 months in advance to be safe. Our head waiter/captain was wonderful...His name is Israel. My husband and I each had a "collection" but it all needed to be modified as we are vegetarians who do not eat shellfish. The food was delicious. The sashimi course was great, the fish just about melted on our tongues. There was also a salmon course and a black cod- both were prepared beautifully and tasted excellent. There was a mushroom ravioli course that I did find a bit odd. It was essentially 2 mini crepes with some sauteed mushroom in between them. The taste was good but I wouldn't call it "ravioli". The two standouts of the evening for us were: the dessert cart and the cheese cart. Both are wheeled over to the table and the cheese selections were prepared tableside. Very charming. And, a great selection of cheeses. The dessert cart is adorable, complete with "gourmet" lollipops. I didn't love anything that I ate from the dessert cart but it was cute! Then, they come around with truffles. The "elvis" is not to be missed- its banana and peanut butter! We also had a dessert off the menu that was pretty forgettable---we were very dissapointed in that. It was pumpkin something and average at best. The service is impeccable, they are extremely attentive and it is worth it to go and just get pampered. Their attention to detail is almost flawless, in that respect. We were given a banana cake (mini) when we left and it was DELCIOUS! We were surprised that the dining room was so bare/minimalistic/modern but it only causes you to focus on the food more so I do understand what they're doing... I would have liked to see a little more color though. If you are looking for a wonderful/expensive night out with inventive cuisine, I would suggest Alinea but if you aren't quite that adventerous--- go to Tru! Enjoy.
