I had a Seinfeld experience at this place A digression...I went with a group of ladies for a birthday dinner. My friend chose the spot based entirely on the appearance from the outside, not having read anything about it. I believe that we all regretted this over-sight. Okay. Remember the "Yadda yadda" episode of Seinfeld in which Jerry believes that you cannot "yadda yadda" sex, and Elaine proves that you can by recounting a date in which the highlight was not the sex but the lobster bisque?? That is ZED 451. The highlight was the butternut squash soup. (Remember, this is a Brazilian STEAKhouse.) The soup was lovely. Then it was very much downhill.  The vibe was trying very hard to be trendy and cool, but most of the people there did seem to be in from the suburbs for a good time. Our waiter was pretentious, obviously having consumed the kool aid that management is feeding him, that this is a very hip and trendy place with outstanding food.  He was clearly inexperienced and lacked much polish. The drinks were over-priced, and the wine list was a yawn. The food....apart from the soup, it was lousy. The "chef-crafted salads (oh please!! some prep cook made those salads!!) lacked fresh and seasonal ingredients. (Example: the tomatoes were of the unripe and tasteless variety, although I bought tasty ones from my local farmers market that same week.) The "artisan" cheese and charcheuterie (sp??) station was stocked with selections from a Jewel deli. The meat was no better. Although I did not sample the fish, the other cuts of meat were tough and flavorless. There was an obvious attempt to make the preparations interesting, but you cannot make great food out of very sub-standard ingredients.  Plus, they did obviously push the cheap stuff (sausage), which wasn't even interesting stuff.  As we lingered over our dessert, we were not-so-gently nudged out the door so that a private event could take over the space. It was quite rude. Overall, I cannot believe that we payed $50/each plus drinks, dessert and tip for that stuff.  One final note: the music was awful. It was as though management decided that its target audience - late-20's/30's - just LOVE Elton John, and so they placed a lot of it. Too much.  Don't waste your time and your money. There are so many great restaurants in this city that do interesting things with good-quality ingredients. Don't be like lemming following the pack (do lemmings travel in packs??) over the [culinary] cliff!
