I too fondly remember Calo from the old neighborhood red-sauce-joint days. When I lived in E. Andersonville it was the neighborhood nerve center: the Residents' Council would meet there, it was the go-to when you wanted something familiar, simple and dependably southern Italian on a moment's notice and it was where you took friends & neighbors after a long hard day or a celebration. (And they delivered, getting your order right and timely, unlike Leona's). When we moved two blocks away to a bigger apartment, our neighbors were all waiting for us there with pizza and cannoli. After our son was born, ditto. And invariably after our band would play a block party or garden walk, we'd split pizzas. It was the kind of place one could walk your baby in his stroller and the first restaurant he wanted to walk to when he was old enough. Owner Victor, and the waitstaff, seemed to have been there forever. But nothing lasts forever. The neighborhood became much more affluent and demanded food to match. They opened a more upscale, less conventionally-Italian place next door called La Finestra ("the window," because it had those floor-to-ceiling windows that opened in summer just like in Europe); but at some point they decided to merge operations and broke through the wall for that renovation. Fear not--all the great old stuff is still hiding in that expanded menu: the pizzas, pastas, ribs. (Alas, arrivederci, prime rib and eight-dollar rib nights). They'll make it for you if you ask. And they are digging deeper into their Barese roots for nightly specials. I'd give them an extra star but for the fact that on many nights it's darn near impossible to get a table--they're still the nerve center of an ever-expanding 'hood. But they still go the extra mile to seat us with our odd hours and my inability to hoist my decrepit legs up on to a bar stool. I don't miss the vinyl. I don't miss the smoke. I don't miss the dreadful bar bands. The servers and bar staff are, though a generation younger (and many from the Balkans) just as gracious. I do miss Victor, though. (And that jukebox with both Chuck Berry AND Pavarotti in it).
