Chef Shin Thompson recently has instituted major changes at Bonsoiree. He is no longer in house, but is working on a new project in the West Loop. Former Top Chef contestant Beverly Kim (and her husband Johnny Clark) are now running the kitchen and have completely redone the menu. Bonsoiree has also undergone a makeover and is sporting a chic, artsy appearance. Free BYOB is no longer an option (though one may bring a bottle of wine for $35 corkage); Matty Colston is now running the wine program and there are pairings available as well as a la carte options. There is also now an outdoor area dubbed a Zen Fire Garden ( for after dinner drinks and snacks around a bonfire) and a section of the dining room has a retractable roof (so weather permitting one can dine semi al fresco). Bonsoiree has joined Alinea, Next (and most recently Elizabeth) with the "ticket" system of procuring reservations. One can "purchase" a twelve-course meal for $115 or a six-course meal for $85 (20% gratuity and taxes are then automatically added when you buy the tickets). I strongly recommend the twelve-courses (much better value and experience). I dined at the new Bonsoiree last night with a friend and we both really enjoyed our meal. We opted for the wine pairings (they run $70, but for $55 you can do smaller pours - we went that route). In addition to the 12 courses, there was three extra "gift" courses and mignardises served with green tea at the end. The food is Korean with a blend of classic and modern techniques. Ingredients are fresh and much of it locally sourced or foraged. I loved the new appearance of Bonsoiree; the only negative was the acoustics, it was quite loud. I think they need to do something to absorb some of the sound as this did detract a bit from setting a fine dining ambiance (and at times I struggled to hear our server's description of the courses). The servers were very attentive and knowledgeable, but friendly and laid back. The courses had beautiful artistic presentations (both the food itself as well as the pieces they were served on - each dish was served on a custom piece of pottery). The menu (which will change seasonally) has a heavy seafood emphasis. Out of the twelve courses I loved three of them and only disliked one; most of the rest were good with a couple being fair. My three favorites were the "bone soup" which had the most delicious piece of smoked, dehydrated brisket that then rehydrates in the soup; the Swan Creek Farm duck course with duck two ways - both absolutely amazing, and the final dessert course featuring pat bing su, sorrel granite, sweet read bean and oxails (this is one of the two or three best desserts I have ever had)! The only course I did not care for was the beet and cashew cheese course; I found the beet to be too vinegary and the cashew cheese just did not taste good to me (it was the only item I did not fully consume). I was really impressed with the complexity of the combinations of the ingredients across the courses; each course was such a unique and interesting blend of different flavors and textures and most of the time they really gelled harmoniously. Portions sizes were fairly generous and I definitely left full and satisfied, but not uncomfortable. They readily accommodated my request to substitute one course that did not appeal to me. Chef Beverly has truly done an incredible job with her first menu at Bonsoiree 2.0! Matty Colston did a commendable job with the pairings. There was an emphasis on white wines (due to all the seafood on the menu), but there was a wonderful red poured with the duck course and a German beer with one course. You are receive some bubbly at the start of the meal. My friend and I found the $55 smaller pour option adequate - there were about two ounce pours I'd estimate and occasionally they topped us off. The wines were from small boutique venues. Chef Beverly was very visible and spent significant time chatting with patrons at all the tables; I was really impressed with this and love venues where the chefs do this (it reminded me of Goosefoot where Chef Nugent most nights does the same). Our meal lasted approximately 3 hours and 15 minutes (to be expected since we ended up with about 16 total dishes including all the extras); the time went quick as there were not any long gaps between courses and the staff was so friendly (you have one primary waiter, but everyone pitches in). I was really impressed with Bonsoiree 2.0. I think that Chef Shin should consider changing the name as this is a completely different restaurant under Chef Beverly than it was when Chef Shin was manning the kitchen. It will be interesting to see how Michelin handles Bonsoiree 2.0 in November. If they do lose their star for now, based on my experience last night they very likely will earn it back in 2013. Bonsoiree 2.0 is off to a great start and I highly recommend dining here to anybody who enjoys this type of culinary experience.
