We had: - Swiss Cheese Smoked Pork Knockwurst with Bacon-Garlic Mayonnaise and Vintage Van Gogh Cheese. - Foie Gras and Sauternes Duck Sausage with Truffle Aioli, Foie Gras Mousse and Fleur de Sel. - And instead of fries (since we were not there on the right day to have the duck fat fries), 'The Dog'. Hot dogs are a lot like bacon in two ways: 1) eat enough and you'll probably die nice and early and 2) they'll probably taste good with anything. Whether your topping be duck fat, jalapeno peppers, or peanut butter - if you're putting it on a hot dog you're in for a treat. With that said, Hot Doug's truly offers some creative concoctions.  What's really striking is the lack of commonality between their various menu items. It would be one thing to have a number of toppings and a number of encased meats and see how many ways you can pair them. Say for example you had 5 toppings to choose from and 3 meats to offer. That would allow for 96 different choices a customer could possibly make when designing their dog. Imagine the possibilities! While this would make excellent fodder for an SAT question - it wouldn't show the true genius that is at work at Hot Doug's. Doug, it seems, puts a lot of thought into his menu. Each item is not merely meat with some toppings piled on, but instead is a concept - a work of art even. Even better, it's not a piece of art you need to take a step back from, tilt your head and pretend you know what the random splashes of paint on the canvas stand for. Instead, each menu item is a masterpiece that leaves little for interpretation - they stand alone and speak for themselves. Another impressive feature of this place is the fact that Doug works the counter himself and takes time to talk to all of his customers. And while half of the dialog seems to be the customers piling layers of praises upon Doug - the other half is Doug humbly downplaying all of the compliments and idolizing. If this unusual level of modesty isn't readily observable through some subtle eavesdropping - just take a look at the walls of Hot Doug's. For all of the press - the newspaper articles, the visits from the Travel Channel and Food Network, and all of the celebrities that have no doubt visited - you will not find any evidence of all the media attention prominently displayed anywhere on the walls. Instead , the interiors appear to serve as a shrine to two kings - the hot dog and Elvis. Yes - the line for Hot Doug's can get long. We made it a point to arrive 20 minutes before opening and were the first into the joint. By the time we finished our meal, the line easily wrapped around the building. As I suggest in my other reviews, the food will taste good whether you eat it at 10:30AM or 10:30PM. If you value your time, and can think of a few other things you rather do with it than wait in line, go early and be rewarded.
