This month's dining excursion coincided with the arrival of some friends. Mercat a la Planxa, which features an Iron Chef, is a Catalonia-based Spanish Tapas place. We all went with the prix-fixe menu, which featured an amazing array of food. Our service throughout was exemplary, which is not something I have come to expect from Chicago eateries. The decor was rather over-the-top and somewhat 70's feeling, with a sunken dining room, making the bar and kitchen look elevated. The Chef Jose Garces was walking around, talking to the various tables throughout the night, which was very nice. Course #1: We started with a Bruschetta-esque entree on thick toasted bread. It literally hit all five tastes, and was of a sufficient enough portion that one slice was enough for several bites worth of this. I actually liked it a lot better than bruschetta, because it had an excellent array of spices on it. Additionally, they served very thinly sliced Chorizo sausage along with a light mustard, sliced yellow peppers, and gerkins. The chorizo was flavorful but not overpowering, and sliced so thinly that it didn't end up being filling. Also, they served us little dumpling-sized bits of a "Spanish Omelette with Spinach, Potatoes, & Saffron Aioli" -- this was just amazing, and even one of our friends, who truly hates spinach, ate this. It didn't actually taste very spinachy, but it was incredibly savory and while not particularly omelette-y, you could taste the eggs and potatoes very well. The aioli was a small dollop, but enough to be delicious. They also served us Manchego cheese along with a sherry/bacon powder sauce that I personally didn't like, but everyone else adored. Finally, they brought out fried pimientos de padrom, with salbixada and sea salt -- small green peppers with a very, very light mustard sauce. I'm pretty sure I ate half the allotted amount. Course #2:  We were served dates, wrapped in bacon, stuffed with crushed almonds, and then for the final decadence, a cheese fondue sauce was poured over the top. They then brought out "Patatas Bravas" -- spicy potatoes with spicy paprika aioli. Seriously, these were one of the best items of the night -- tiny little bundles of mmmmm. They served us "Arroz con morels" -- morel mushroom bomba rice, fava beans, green asparagus & lemon oil. An odd consistency, but seriously delicious. Then, they brought out "Gambas al Ajillo" -- simply, garlic in browned butter, served BOILING. The shrimp was hella hot, but sooo good in the simple butter. I used the toast the served it with to sop up the sauce, and would have poured it into my mouth directly if I could have done it and not looked like a TOTAL idiot. They served us a flatbread, "Costillas de ternera" -- beef shortribs, horseradish, parmeson and bacon. As one of our friends said in surprise, "Hey, this has a bit of a bite!" -- it was an incredibly complex bit of food in terms of taste, with a bit of spicy, a bit of tart, a bit of everything. SO GOOD. Additionally, they served us "Conill amb chesnut" -- braised rabbit agnolotti, Rosemary, Truffle-Chestnut Puree, and brandied cherries. This was very ravioli-i, with a very interesting foam on top (the puree) that had a lot more flavor than you'd expect. Course #3: For the main course, which doesn't have the awesome descriptions that the above head but does not take away the amazing quality of the food, we had: "Colorado rack of lamb", which I am pretty sure everyone at the table pronounced as the best lamb they'd ever had; Some sort of beef-related product (we can't figure out if it was skirt steak, short ribs, or what; we are pretty sure though that it was the short ribs; and prawns, which were served with heads and tails attached (though I pulled 'em off, 'cause... yeah.) And then there was dessert. Course #4: We had SIX types of sorbet (approximately 2 teaspoons of each): Turkish Fig, Dulce de Leche, Chocolate Peppermint, Milk Stout, Apricot, and Coconut. Chocolate croquettes with creme anglais (AMAZING) A chocolate mousse goopy thing with vanilla ice cream on a wafer An orange creme with some sort of citrus compote (that orange creme was something special) Rice pudding with another sort of creme and a citrus compote Finally, at the very very end, in a "just one more little mint, Sir? it's wafer-thin!" they gave us a pomegranate chocolate cookie thing that was about the size of my pinkie, and it was a wonderful end.
