4.5 star rating, nearly 1,000 Yelp reviews - it seems kinda redundant to review this place, but it's also a Chicago institution and consistently ranked amongst the best eateries in the world. WORLD. By guys like, say, Bon Appetit. It's also a Food Network favourite - everyone from Man -vs- Food to die-hard New Yorker Anthony Bourdain dry-hump Doug's counter at some point in time. And you know when you see crowds of people - locals and food nomads, young and old, some still attached to IV drips from their escape from the hospital, some covered in barnacles - standing outside in a line for 2 hours in the snow to get a hot dog that something quite magical is about to occur. O, the magic. It's truly ridiculous - the concept that a couple can spend $30-$40 eating hot dogs (HOT DOGS!!1...actually, if you're going to stand in line for an hour+, you want the Total Hot Dog Experience - you deserve it) until you pop - why would you do this? It's a damn hot dog. But if you don't want to hug Doug (who serves counter, every day, always smiling and kind, a total sausage geek sweetheart, it's bloody madness) on the way out, you're doing it wrong. Go to http://www.hotdougs.com and look at the Specials page if you're still undecided. But there is absolutely no reason you should not be there, right now, eating encased meats. And it's truly a jewel of Chicago. They understand lamb. They have Game specials (always, always try their game specials). They are ingredient pioneers, championing and introducing classic world favourites for the Chicago crowd. Like a great white shark at the bloated carcass of a month-dead sperm whale, your eyes will roll back in your head as you gurgle "WTF is this tomf**kery?! It's a damn HOT DOG!?! How can it be SO. GOOD?!" It's an unexpected high, staggeringly remarkable, and yes, worth standing in the snow for (tip: bring coffee). In fact, it's the only place my husband will queue for, ever. And that's saying a lot. My inner food snob is appalled that I've dished out 5 stars for a hot dog joint. My inner food snob can go f**k itself. We love you, Doug.
