Before my visit here, all I knew of XOCO was what I'd read here. And I have to admit I was surprised at Dennis S.'s seemingly harsh point of view, being a huge "Dick Baymore" fan myself. And then I fell victim to my own overactive imagination, picturing the place as a nice big square sit-down restaurant. So imagine my surprise when I entered a place with the feng shui of a bus station. I am no fan of long, skinny rooms, whether it's my old 9' x 20' train-car living room in a prior Evanston abode, or the old Garcia's in Lincoln Square, or Sel Marie's indoors, I just don't enjoy those spaces. XOCO has the feel of being on a tourist boat in the lake, especially with the central smoke stack-like structure which houses the restrooms in the middle of the dining room. Couldn't they have put those downstairs? I'd rather not have my torta followed by a flush. I chose to wait outside for my dinner companion, since the weather was nice. The good news is at 5;30 PM on a weekday, there was no line to speak of. I was impressed with the sheer number of employees who at the time, outnumbered the customers. Enthusiastic. Outgoing. Helpful and friendly were they. I salivated at the choices on the chalkboard. We settled for the Milanesa and the Pork Tortas, a side of chips and guacamole, a wine and a Bohemia. The guacamole was a little too salty. The tortas justified the drooling in line. While I wanted to save half of mine, I just couldn't. My dinner companion and I were trying to catch up after a long period of no contact, and XOCO was not the place to do that. It 's way too noisy and frenetic. You can feel those who were behind you in line hovering and waiting for your table. So we headed out to Flatwater to sit outside and sip wine instead. Had I better managed my expectations about XOCO, I probably would have enjoyed it more. The food and service was superb. I will, however, remain a big fan of Dick. I will shop at his discount shoe source, I will watch him on TV. I will make his recipes, and I will fantasize about being his neighbor in Bucktown and getting invited to a cookout. I love Frontera and Topolobampo, but as for XOCO, it's feng shui 0, food and service 5. The best takeout joint I've ever been, too. (And the priciest.)
