I was worried. No lie, walking in the door I was sure we were going to get attitude and a seat somewhere in the back, possibly the basement. This place is beautiful. Gorgeous. Huge, spacious and wonderfully dark in the sexiest way, I was certain the lovely hostesses would give us grief. Didn't happen. They were happy, helpful and polite. Our seat was wonderful, and while it was situated right in the busy heart, it was comfortable and nice. We opened our menus and were stunned by the variety and intensity of the offerings. Everything sounded so wonderful, we had to come up with an immediate plan of attack on how best to try the broadest range of foods. Our waitress' arrival meant we had to toss out drink orders (which we had prepared) and we began with our first choices of food. She was quick to give advice and assure us that we'd picked some of her favorites as well. Even as it began to get busy, the noise level did not rise too high and we soon had the first round of food. This was it, the moment. Let me tell you something, I love food. I eat all the time, whenever I can. This stuff was amazing. The worst stuff we had was the best I'd had in awhile and I ate here a night after coming home from NOLA. This place has some magic they sprinkle in things.  Steamed Soup dumplings - Sounds crazy but these were the best soup in a bite I have ever had. Somehow they manage to get the broth inside the dumpling so biting into each is this explosion of flavor in your mouth. Its amazing and delicious. Lemongrass Beef Lollipops - Chop into these like the owl or unroll them and enjoy at leisure but if you like beef these are one of the tastiest ways to have it period, bar none, and I say this in this city. These things are a miracle of flavor. Charsui BBQ Pork - BBQ pork, a staple of Asian style cuisine, usually something dessicated and chewy. This was moist, succulent and delicious. The pork flavor shined through and the smoky BBQ was amazing. Crunchy Pig, Hidden Lobster - Lobster rolls with bacon, SMART! Veggie Q Roll - Tasty, clever and refreshingly light. A great accompaniment for any meal. At this point, understand, we were stuffed. Full. To the gills. Bulging out of our clothing full. But dessert, dessert had to happen. Had to. It was writ, burned into stone, like from on high. For dessert we had... The Ridiculous - Ever had fried Ice cream? The Ridiculous is standard fried ice cream taken to the extreme. Its the size of a football. It could feed three people. Its covered in this delicious crispy shell then drizzled and drowned in sauce. Its delicious. Anywhere else on Earth this would be a king of desserts. At Sunda though, it is second to... Taro Bread Pudding - This is ambrosia. No not your Aunts salad, I mean the Old School food of the gods kind. This is the most delicious bread pudding in the city. Its wonderful. Words fail me here, but it tastes like sweet taro tea mixed with cream, cake and heaven. That's all I have. Its better than that but really, its all I can do. So yea. Been there since, just as good, so they get my full on love.
