With over 440 reviews, should I even bother writing this review? You bet your sweet ass, I should! Why? Three simple words:  Pistachio Rum Cake. But before I welcome this unbelievably tasty number into the Deborah E Death Row Food pantheon, a few mentions: - Bacon and date appetizer is a must. No, seriously, you don't like dates, you say? Try them - your tastebuds will thank you. Only 4 to an order, I could have eaten 10. Don't worry about the bacon - I have heard dates counteract the artery-clogging properties of bacon. I am also full of shit. - Coconut shrimp appetizer. I know, I know - you're thinking "seen one, seen 'em all." But au contraire. Our fabulous server Lisa said they were her favorite and she was correct-o-mundo. Shrimp, red bell peppers, green onion & maduros, sauted with a touch of spice & a coconut glaze, served over a bed of curried rice. Fab! - Cuban Roast Pork entree: slices of Cuban style roast pork with caramelized onions & mojo over top. Served with congri (beans & rice) & frituras de yuca. Good flavor, but the pork was rather dry for my taste. Worth another try. - Beet salad: fresh greens, roasted beets, roasted sugared pecans, small slices of a citrus fruit (perhaps tangerine or orange), with a slightly sweet dressing. Worth ordering again! - Spinach quesadillas with sun-dried tomato pesto, brick cheese, garlic mushrooms, sour cream & salsa morita = a perfect accompaniment to the beet salad. Special shout-out to our friendly and upbeat server Lisa who, before we knew it, plopped down a piece of pistachio rum cake on our table and said, "you both have been so nice. Here's a piece of cake for you on the house." To.Die.For., and I don't even like rum. You can't really even taste the rum in this cake but whoa, oh so moist, flavorful, mouth-watering and - oh just GET it! Added bonus: outdoor seating with heaters.  Things to consider: it's loud. Make reservations. Due to the Groupon that was expiring this week, they were booked for days but we were told to come early and we would get a table. Which we did. At 6:30 pm. On a Friday. Surrounded by a boatload of babies and children under 6. Just sayin'.
