This is my favorite restaurant in Chicago. If you have never had Cuban this is the place to try it. It's more fusion than 100% traditional. I would recommend this as a place to go for fine dining rather than authentic Cuban, but none-the-less I would recommend anyone to go. Everything at Caf 28 is amazing, from the atmosphere to the service, to the drinks and finally the food. I have tried a majority of the specialty drinks and have liked each one but in particular I recommend the mojotini. The wine list is limited but contains some good choices. I am not a vegetarian but I only eat seafood and fish and Caf 28 has a nice selection from which to choose. There are some vegetarian choices but they are somewhat limited.  Your experience starts with a basket of bread, big deal right, it's not the bread that is fabulous it is the jalapeo butter. Amazing. I've never been a fan of butter until this. I wish you could buy it in the store (or maybe thankfully you cannot). My favorite appetizer is the coconut shrimp, which I am so happy is not battered and fried, but there isn't an appetizer that I would tell anyone not to have and many are big enough for a meal. If they have the beet salad when you are there I think it is a must have, a little small but delicious. When it comes to the entres I have to admit I only have tried the halibut. Every time I go there I have to have it. My friends at one point or another have each had at least one of the other entres and no one has ever been disappointed. There is a great amount of food for the money. I don't really order dessert but I was given a complimentary dessert once (they were out of halibut and I had to have the coconut shrimp for my entre- I didn't ask for anything or make a fuss- they just bought me a dessert because the waitress heard me mention I was sad they didn't have the fish!) but it was fabulous as well- it was something pistachio. To end the evening they have a nice selection of after dinner cordials and drinks. Expect a wait on a Friday or Saturday night. The waiting area is very small with a few table but has a bar. You will be packed very tight if you go when there is a wait. I have never had bad service, sometimes it may seem like the server is slow but I think they have a lot of tables and the wait assistants are always there to get whatever you may need.  Basically- just go.
