Oh, my dear feathered friend. I've avoided eating you for years and years because - well, you're cute and I couldn't stand the thought of someone cooking you up and hacking away at you. Nevertheless, I was tempted to try you at Sun Wah back in February, I craved you ever since, and finally I can now say without a doubt: I WANT TO EAT YOU, YOUR FRIENDS, AND YOUR FAMILY - but only if the masterminds at Sun Wah prepare you. Sun Wah deserves five stars just for their delectable duck, however, as many reviewers have already mentioned, their service is terrible. My family and I went on Mother's Day, so there is room for leniency considering that the restaurant was much busier than usual - but seriously, the service shouldn't have been this bad. The waitress seemed annoyed while we were taking our order and asking questions, it took us three times of asking three different people for glasses of water (which didn't come till we were about halfway done with our meal), and it was absolutely impossible to get our waitress' attention (or anyone else who looked like they could help). Complaints aside, Sun Wah has great food.Tonight we ordered fried oysters,black bean mushroom tofu, wonton soup, and the duck meal.The oysters and tofu were both flavorful and cooked to perfection and the wonton soup was actually comparable to Honkee's on Argyle (which I think has the best bowl of wonton soup in the city). The only thing I have to say is that the broth was a bit too salty and there wasn't enough shrimp in the wonton. On our last visit, we ordered their clam in black bean sauce and their shrimp in lobster sauce which were also rather delicious. Now on to the star of the show. The second that cart came strolling down our way and I saw that beautiful steaming bird ready to be sliced into delicious pieces, my mouth watered with excitement. There's something about the combination of succulent duck, hot buns, pickled radish, scallions, and hoisen sauce that sends my taste-buds in a frenzy. When delicious food is in my mouth, it's like my taste-buds hit the play button on my mind's radio and I can't help but dance. No joke, I literally bounced in my seat in pure delight of such wonderful food! And though the duck fried rice and duck soup didn't give me quite the same reaction, I still found them to be satisfying.  Sun Wah definitely hits the spot when you're in the mood for some Peking duck, but don't expect great service. Do, however, expect to have a party in your mouth. Yes, it's that good.
