Duck... duck... duck... GOOSE! Wait, no, I mean DUCK! Ok, I've noticed a theme in all these Sun Wah reviews, but honestly, you gotta call a spade a spade. From beginning to end, this place is all about the duck. We were first intrigued after driving by the storefront day after day and seeing the glistening ducks roasting in the front window. Thanks to a couple glowing Yelp reviews, we made our way to Sun Wah on a chilly Friday night to check it out for ourselves. We looked past the "Corporate Offices" signboard and made our way into this sprawling, exposed-brick location. Having the glass-walled kitchen in the front was a treat and we licked our lips as we read the chalkboard specials: duck, roast pig, lobster, crab. Amazing. After being sat, we sipped on $3 Tsing Taos (awesome) and wandered through the extensive menu, never really pulling our eyes away from the roast duck. We finally ordered some wontons, fried rice and other tasty side dishes to complement our 'medium' roast duck. We tried to order a couple "small"soups but our waiter looked frozen when we ordered two - and with good reason. A "small" soup filled each of our bowls three times over. Thanks to him for correcting our egregious mistake. A word of warning, you don't really order in courses here. You just order what you want and it comes out when it is ready. The first thing to arrive at our table was actually the duck - precut and glistening. We tried to wait for the accoutrement to arrive, but no doing - we had to dive in. And it was delicious. Fatty and crispy and flavorful. The other items arrived and everything was far better than your usual Chinese takeout, but nothing, NOTHING, really upstaged the duck. We realized that if you order the 'large' duck, that they bring the whole bird to your table and butcher it for you. We plan on doing so when we have more bellies to fill in the future. Overall, the food is delicious, the prices are more than fair, the service is somewhat slow and infrequent (but who cares when you have a pile of delicious waterfowl in front of you) and the duck is the best I've ever had. Come for a great time and get addicted to the quack. Bad pun fully intended.
