Once again, Hot Dougs does not fail to deliver. After almost a month of waiting I FINALLY got to satiate my hunger for some encased meats. Why a month? The last time I went was my birthday and was unable to return since, because of my work schedule. Fridays are the only time Im able to go, so when I have the opportunity, I take it! Especially on a day when its 78 degrees out!? What more of an excuse do you need to trek out there! As usual, I approach the line which moved fairly quickly this time around. After biding my time for the usual 20/30 mins (I got in line about 245 pm, at the counter by 315pm) I stepped up to order. Duck fat fries are a must on a Fri/Sat, since thats the only time its available. Next on the agenda, the foie gras and sauternes duck sausage! My guilty pleasure and addiction, a must try at Hot Dougs. And since I always get 2 specialty dogs, I opted on the game of the week, buffalo sausage. Topped w chipotle dijonnaise and smoked gouda cheese! If that order doesnt make youre mouth salivate, I dont know what will. Eagerly awaiting, my food finally arrives, diving headfirst into the fries before moving onto the buffalo sausage...intense flavor profile, simply put a flavor explosion with every bite! The foie gras sausage needs no intro, any fan of this delight already knows words cannot even begin to describe the deliciousness. My buddy that accompanied me ordered the beef and lamb gyro dog which I sampled. I must say, it surprised me. I think it was missing something, perhaps the tsatziki sauce and onions? overally though, it was tasty. Hot Dougs, I am forever a loyal customer, Im glad such a place exists! And again I cant stress this enough, BRING CASH! The couple behind us were shocked and the poor guy had to sprint to the nearest ATM like Tyson Gay in the Olympics, but he made it! No plastic accepted. Also, if youre in line BEFORE 4PM, you are granted entry. If its 4PM and youre not already in line, dont bother getting out the car. Ill save you the disappointment and walk of shame. Bring cash, be early, and depending on flow of traffic, be prepared to wait.
