Q for quality, Q for quantity. This is one great restaurant! We did not know what to expect, but the ambiance in this spot is fantastic. A cute bar area in the front with high top tables...walk a little further and a very large, bright, cozy dining space with regular tables, comfortable padded chairs and booths, an open kitchen area. Servers dressed in very nice plaid or checked shirts. Upscale BBQ. The taste? Delectable. They bring out spicy potato chips and bread and butter pickles to start. We ordered from the restaurant week menu. Let's just say this was Southern hospitality at it's finest. They did not skimp by giving an alternate, cheaper restaurant week menu or smaller portions. Surely, they will certainly be rewarded for this best foot forward approach with new customers. Our first time there....we will be back! We tried the flight of pulled meats. Every one a winner....LOVED the sauces, all different styles - something for everyone. The original sauce is noteworthy, as are all the rest. The brisket was melt in your mouth tender!!!! The baby back ribs, great. Loved the BBQ shrimp. Even the french fries were noteworthy. The desserts were very good...with a little tweaking, they could be fantastic. The wait staff should be commended, as each and every one of them was great - they work as a well oiled team - and this is after what I imagine was an exhausting restaurant week. A special shout out to Otha(o?), who could not have been any nicer, or more helpful.There is one other 'Q' to be mentioned...the 'q'ute chef/partner, Lee Ann Whippen. I recognized her because I had researched the restaurant before making a reservation. She is not only pretty, but she was working just as hard in back with her cooks, while also keeping an eye on the house. That hands on management style insures things run smoothly. Q is a restaurant to be added to your list. You will definitely not go away hungry! You will be pleased you gave it a try....because you will want to come back again and again!
