The bf and I went here early before the AC/DC concert to get some good food and beers. We sampled a lot of things, here is my rundown: -bf got the chef's selection of 6 oysters. He really enjoyed them, however, no one told him which were which, in case he wanted to make note and order them again. Boo. They also came with great super-thin crackers that were salty and maybe a little cheesy -Beets- this was my dish, I love beets and these didn't disappoint. The creamy cheese served with them and the balsamic made them great. -House Pickles- these were ok, I make my own pickles and thought these had too much vinegar. I am usually a HUGE pickle fan. -Spicy Pork Rinds- the bf got these, I tried one and it's the weirdest mouth feel ever. crunchy, they stick to your lip and dissolve into nothing on your tongue. The spices were good, if not a little pre-packaged tasting. -Half chicken w/summer sausage and frites- bf got this, I had a bite of each; the chicken was so juicy and roasty-good. The frites, especially with the chicken juice on them (ew, haha) tasted delish. The summer sausage was sausage...so it was good. :) - Soft shell Crab- this was my pick, too. Appetizer-sized, with freshmade pasta and some veggies. Lightly smoky, very moist.  So, a lot of food that they brought out mostly well timed. The chicken was the only 'entree-sized' selection we got and we almost finished everything. It was starting to get louder as we left, at about 7pm. The only detraction I have about the place is that with their upscale and extensive beer list, they tend to talk down to you about the selections, or in some cases, give a completely inaccurate description. The bf is a beer geek and knows most obscure beers, as a result, I've learned stuff too. The waitstaff should preface their beer lectures with a question about your general beer knowledge, and calibrate the way they suggest things. If a restaurant has a beer list akin to theirs (like hopleaf) they should assume that people come for that and know what the hell they're ordering, or what they're looking for. Don't tell me a german beer is a brown ale or a lambic is hoppy, that's just not doing your job.
