Went to the Bongo Room with Brian K. this morning for breakfast. We even got up early enough to actually go before noon! Hey, when you've got nothing to do during the day, you might as well wake up and eat some breakfast. I got to the Bongo room and looked at the menu and there was so much on it that I wanted. All of the pancakes sounded delicious, but since I am most definitely a savory breakfast person, to an omelet I went. And it was the right choice. I got the egg whites, which were fifty cents extra, but I am ok with that. That's not a ridiculous price by any means, and in fact, is one of the cheaper prices for egg whites that I've seen. You can choose what is in your omelet and there were so many delicious cheese options! That was the hard part for me, but If I had gotten three cheeses, I would have been disappointed in myself. In the most delicious way, of course. So I chose to get roasted red peppers, spinach and feta. Mmmm mmmm. The omelet was nice and very thick, which I very much appreciated. I really enjoyed that the egg whites were thick, light and fluffy, because sometimes when you order egg whites, they totally suck. But these ones were good, and my ingredients were folded into the half moon of delicious egg. Yummy. The potatoes were also very delicious, what with the touch of dill. Amazing because I love dill. I also got a side of bacon, medium cooked, which is how I like it, and they did a very good job. I tried to eat everything but really couldn't. I wish I had, because it was delicious but I just figured that running the rest of my errands wasn't possible if I were in a food coma. Ugh. I only took away one point because as another poster says, they only serve eggs benedict on the weekends. Not that I would ever order that (seeing as how I don't like egg yolks) but I would appreciate the full menu when I come, just so I can see everything. However, on the weekdays, there is barely any wait, so I guess it's a toss up. I'm not complaining though, I really enjoyed my meal.
