So, for my 100th review, I get to review the place I just went to for my 10th wedding anniversary. Made our reservation (through Open Table) and noted the occasion, as well as some dietary needs. We were greeted with a complimentary sparkling cider (gluten-free). The occasion wasn't noted for the freebie, but its always appreciated.  This is our kind of place. Wall art was of swine. They seemed to know where just about everything on their menu was sourced from, mostly local small farms. Seasonal produce. Unique dishes. Staff was very knowledgeable about the menu (the one item that came out that we found out had flour in it was quickly noted to be removed from the bill, and the waiter very quickly triple checked everything else we ordered). The menu is a little lacking for descriptions, so we asked a lot of questions, which didn't seem to bother them at all. A little more description on the menu would go a long way, but I guess that would take away from the minimalist reading they are going for. Started with the halibut crudo. Nice fresh and fatty raw fish. Very refreshing. Followed with the Scallops. Not really wow, but very tasty. The melted leeks were really good. Our choice of vegetable was the baby artichokes. This came with a spring pea sformato, which was basically a savory mousse (which had flour in it). I was able to eat the sformato, which was very tasty. The artichokes were very good also. The larger courses we had started with the rabbit balantine. We didn't really know what a balantine was, and with no description on the menu, we had to ask, but was still a little unsure what to expect. I believe the description was 'rabbit saddle wrapped around mortadella, and cooked through with a crispy skin'. It pretty much was a mortadella sausage with a flavorful, crispy skin. Good flavor, but the mortadella was the primary taste, not the rabbit.  Second large dish was the suckling pig. The first bite was soooo good, I had to put the fork down and lean back in my chair. Slow cooked, almost all dark meat tender pork. Crispy outside. Dripping in pork fat. We had the parmesan fondue on the side (gluten), which was the way to have it (really, the fondue wasn't needed at all). I think it would have taken away from the awesomeness of the suckling pig if it was on top. A definite must have dish in my opinion. If/when we are able to get back to Publican, we will probably be more adventurous, as we usually try to be. I know their menu changes regularly, but I wish we'd have tried something like the fresh sardines, or the duck hearts. We saw many tables order the spicy pork rinds, which looked, and sounded great. Table next to us ordered & split the farm chicken, which also looked great. Highly recommended. We could have chosen a hoity-toity restaurant, and maybe had fun eating a 'foam' something, or a 'deconstructed' something, but I'm very glad we came to Publican for our anniversary. A little out of our way, and a little pricy, so will probably have to be relegated to special occasions.
