It's dark, it's casually stylish, it's slogan is "Eat. Sleep. Whiskey." I can get behind that! They have a hotel above the restaurant / bar. Longman & Eagle started the night off right with well crafted cocktails. I chose the Yuzu Toddy. It hit the spot on such a cold December evening. It's your typical hot toddy but with Makers Mark, Apple Jack Brandy. The unique part was the Yuzu, Japanese citrus fruit...much like they told me, a Meyer Lemon. This cocktail could warm even the Grinch's cold little heart. I also got the Rye Not? flight later on in the meal. I really enjoyed the Old Overholdt Rye, the R1 was far too abrasive for me and the Whistle Pig 10yr was decent but nothing to write home about. To start: Buffalo Sweetbreads : this app was delicious but only truly impressive knowing that it was made from sweetbreads and not from your average chicken wing. It didn't taste bad, but they didn't taste like any new ground was being broken. They were forgettable aside from the fluffy pillow of ranch that accompanied them. The lightness of the ranch dip made for an interesting twist on a classic. Pig face with Sauerkraut Gnocchi and what tasted like a more sophisticated take on a thousand island dressing. This was by FAR the star of the night. It was as if someone took all the great flavors out of a Reuben Sandwich and made it into a 5 star fancy pants dish. My friends and I all fought over the last bite of this one. Don't let the name scare you. The Gnocchi with sauerkraut sounded awful to me but was very subtle and was the perfect bite with the pig meat & thousand island reinvented sauce. Entree: Wild Boar Sloppy Joe & Beef Fat Fries. I don't know what made this so disappointing, but it was. The bun was just far too big for the wild boar and made it hard to fully taste the meat...and well that's just not OK when it comes to sloppy joes! The fries were really crispy and tasty but had a bit too much salt and the sheer portion of fries was just madness. It was a mountain on my plate! I wouldn't order this again. Other friends of mine all ordered more sophisticated entrees and I had some serious dish envy. The Venison being the one I wish I had ordered. It was cooked perfectly with not the least bit of gameyness to it. For Dessert: Peppered Shortbread cookie with Bacon ice cream, a baked apple & buttered popcorn mousse. This dessert tasted good all in one bite, not too heavy on the bacon ice cream unless you really enjoy a smoked flavor. The bacon ice cream's smoked flavor overpowered the other flavors quickly so I added it to bites sparingly. I could have even scrapped the shortbread and just eaten the butter popcorn mousse and the baked apple together. The butter popcorn mousse was the most surprising hit of the whole dessert dish. It had this wonderfully light consistency but then that slight after taste of popcorn. Wonderful. I smiled with every bite. That's how I know I'm hooked. Overall, a great place to dine. Great service and a really dark yet pleasing dining atmosphere. Probably the coolest old juke box I've ever seen too. Eat. Sleep. Whiskey indeed!
