I highly enjoyed my first experience at Lockdown Bar & Grill last night (on a Monday). As my two friends and I walked in around 7:30 we were immediately taken in by the sounds of a Corrosion of Conformity concert playing on the numerous flat screen TVs that surround the bar and dining area. We were greeted by a nice guy who informed us that the wait would be fifteen minutes; in reality, it was more like eight. In the mean time the bartender offered us drinks (which we politely declined) while our table was being quickly cleared so that we would be accommodated. The major downside to the wait was that there was nowhere TO wait. The restaurant is relatively small (similar in size to Kuma's), and I constantly had to move out of the waitresses' way.  After being seated our waitress, Kaiylee, took our drink and appetizer order and shortly thereafter we were presented with beer and half priced barbeque wings. I have to say the wings I ate last night were some of the best I've ever had. I highly recommend them and would pay full price for them ($9 for an order of 10).  We then proceeded to order our burgers, which arrived in about 15-20 mins; well, at least two of them did. One of my friends and I ordered the same burger (Cruelty to Animals), and they only put in an order for one. Kaiylee graciously apologized and gave my friend his burger on the house, which was great. It only took 5-10 mins for his burger to appear in front of him on the table. I ordered my 'Cruelty to Animals' burger well done and it was more like medium well, which was fine by me. This burger was big, but not AS big as a Kuma's burger. However, my friend who has been to Kuma's many times commented that a Lockdown burger is accompanied by more fries than a Kuma's burger. Overall, it is one of the best burgers I have ever had and I would order it again. It is on par with a Kuma's burger, in my opinion, though I prefer Kuma's selection of burgers better than Lockdown's. I will definitely be visiting Lockdown sometime again in the near future, likely on a Tuesday when there are half price burgers. Paying $6 for a burger sounds much better than paying $12, eh?
