So I have been absolutely itching to go here for a few months and today was finally the day.  Ever since my other half lost his job and our income became pretty much the equivalent of the lowest salary card in the boardgame Life (you know, the one NO ONE wanted and the one that caused much chaos and infighting whenever the person with said card landed on the "trade salary card with any other player" space), we haven't been able to enjoy the lifestyle that we had been in years past so we used Valentine's Day and his birthday as an excuse to treat ourselves and eat here.  We went for lunch thinking it would be less crowded and we would eat less, thus our bill would be less but I also didn't want to be too frugal seeing as this is a place we would not likely be able to return to for a good long while.  We were able to find a parking spot in the lot which was super nice and saved us a few bucks had we have had to park at a metered spot. It was fairly full inside, yet not packed. We arrived around 1 and only had to wait about 10 minutes for a table.  My other half ordered a coffee. A regular coffee I guess. Whatever. I decided to be adventurous (as I am not a huge coffee drinker at all) and ordered the smores latte. I had planned on ordering the dessert but decided I may save some grams of fat by going for the beverage instead.  I had the small sunshine salad and macaroni and cheese (lunch portion was $3 cheaper than the dinner portion) and the other half ordered the sweet potato fries with goat cheese fondue and the whitefish tacos.  My salad and his fries were brought to our table after just a couple minutes. Our waiter was so nice and seemed like the kind of fellow I'd be friends with if I knew him in "real life."  The fellow at the table right beside us had to send his soup back because he had asked for no garnish or something and it was presented to him with garnish. Then almost as soon as our fries and salad were given to us, a girl came by and set a plate with a burger down in front of the other half which ended up being for the guys beside us. Although almost right behind her came our food order. We had to play Tetris with the plates trying to get everything to fit onto the table and were ultimately successful. Yay! My food was very good. The salad came in kind of a cup-shaped device so it was kind of hard at first to get a forkful without spilling some out of the sides. The sweet potato fries were REALLY good. I didn't try any of the goat cheese though, not a fan of anything that comes from a goat. The other half said it was good though. He enjoyed his fish tacos but said that since the tortillas had not been warmed up at all, they kept falling apart as he tried to eat them. My macaroni and cheese was just fine. I enjoyed it. I was already getting pretty full so I had to have the other half finish the latte, the mac and cheese and the seasonal slaw or whatever it was that came with the mac and cheese. I didn't have room in my stomach for that at all so I can't say how that tasted. The first thing the other half did was dump a whole bunch of salt and pepper on the mac and cheese, said it needed more flavor. He has a odd palate though. I thought it was fine the way it was. This is the same guy that also decided to pour the remaining sweet potato fries on top of the seasonal slaw and eat it together so... I can't complain at all about the service. Everyone was very friendly and prompt. We never waited for anything longer than what is normal, and actually, everything was very fast. Faster than we could keep up with, in fact. Our total bill including tip (and I always tip 20%) was $65. That was definitely more than I had anticipated but $12 of that was for our coffee. Apparently, you are charged per cup and my husband had two but as I learned in the car on the way home, he never got the second cup. I wasn't paying attention so I didn't realize that and he didn't realize that he'd have to pay for the second one so that stunk. If we paid for it, he should've been able to drink it. Water will be just fine for us if and when we go again.  I probably would not order the macaroni and cheese again, not because I didn't like it, but because I'd want to try other things on their menu since, as I said, this was a huge treat for us. It's also kind of a hike from where we are in Forest Park. I'm glad we went though and I do want to go again. Some day...
