I had no expectations about what Aaron S. and I's brunch here would be like, and yet I was still very disappointed. I kind of expected a wait, I know brunch places are insane on the weekends, so that was no big deal. What sucked is once we got inside everything just got slower and slower. It was also very cramped and chaotic inside, not my style at all when dining out. They were just not organized at all. We were seated and given a menu, and the person who seated us was gone in a blink of an eye. Then we sat. And sat some more. It really seemed like eons before the waitress came and asked what we were having. Aaron started off with an apple juice and I with coffee (of course). I saw in keeping with the organic theme here that they only offered sugar in the raw and "Stevia Balance" for coffee sweetening. I tried the Stevia because I usually put splenda in my coffee, YECH. It made my coffee taste horrid. Why are they torturing me with that crap? I ordered the Jeremy skillet. Aaron went with the farmers omelet. We waited, and waited. A bus boy who really was sorta creepy came by a couple of times to look at the table to see if things needed refilling, not one of the many staff that were in there asked if we needed anything, nor notice that my coffee was empty. I was getting peeved and I am sure that if you had looked close enough steam would be coming from my ears. Finally when our food was brought out, It wasn't the waitress. The guy just sat the food down and went to walk away. I snapped "Can I have some more coffee?" He should have asked if anything was needed before walking away. Tiny tiny portions. Aaron lipped to me "And this is worth nine bucks?" I just nodded. Also um toast? Where the hell is the toast? Skillets, omelets and most egg dishes, should come with toast. Sometimes pancakes. I noticed that the salsa that was on top of my skillet was a pink color. Pink? Did you not use ripe tomatoes? Also there was ONE count em ONE lonely egg on my skillet. Boo. Also nothing was seasoned. (Nor cooked in butter). Hell there was not even enough cheese in my skillet to taste it. Any cook that works at a restaurant SHOULD know that potatoes should be salted while being cooked so that they actually taste like potatoes (the reason why you taste food in the first place is salt). The only good things I do have the say is that it was well prepped and the bacon was super yummy. The potatoes while tasting bland, were cooked right. Nice and soft in the middle and crunchy outside. The ONE egg (grrrrrr I am a biker I need my fucking protein thank you very much) was also cooked to a perfect over easy. It is seriously sad that those three things are the only good things I can say. I'm really sad that there is a freaking brunch place in my own neighborhood that I really don't see returning to. Maybe in the future to see if they have gotten any better. I have never been big on organics, any experience I have had with anything with the organic label on it has been a huge let down, and this just is being added to that pile of let downs. (Really all it means is "more expensive")
