One of my friends told me that she swore she once saw a bus on Elston Avenue some time back in the '70s, so I followed Sacramento Avenue up to its suicidal collision with the Nystrom building at Elston. I didn't see any bus signs, but wondered if maybe there was a secret off-the-schedule bus, or if CTA drivers still took occasional bribes for doorstep service like they sometimes did in the pre- GPS surveillance era. After waiting for hours with no sign of a bus, I became restless and hungry, so I followed Elston vaguely towards O'Hare. For those of you who don't know Elston, it is one of the few streets in Chicago that travel through both time AND space. That's why I wasn't completely surprised to have arrived, just past Addison, at a stained-glass caf in Bucharest circa 1930. Inside, a curly-haired Django Reinhardt was playing his guitar alongside a female Stephane Grapelli and some other rascal on guitar, gliding through standards like After You've Gone, Corcovado, and Misty before landing on an unrecognizable tune. Django scraped the strings lengthwise, Stephane moused her fiddle, Django plucked the strings between the saddle and the bridge, Stephane launched a small jet along the concourse of the strings. They smiled at each other, knowing the moment of spontaneous genius they had created. Branko, the owner, weaves his way through the dining area, checking on his customers.  Flames leap dramatically from plates of saganaki seemingly every fifteen minutes. $7 may sound like a lot for a plate of cheese, but with the fire and Branko's effervescence included in the deal, it's a steal. If the beer selection is noteworthy- Old No. 38, Barley Island Wheat Ale, South Hampton White, Peak Organic Amber- the wine selection may be more so. One specialty I didn't try was the Dracula's blood wine. There's good food here, too- I tried the whitefish but that's just the start of it. This could well be the best little world music venue in town right now. Other regular acts include a French accordion duo, Bossa Tres, a tango group, and a rumba group. I came here with a couple of guys... but now that I know the way the stained glass and orange light cast a warm glow on all around, I'm coming back with a woman. And maybe take credit for what Branko so tastefully created.
