My wife and I are Chicago residents who were doing the tourist thing for a day so we decided to check this place out again. Hadn't been there since I was a kid. The decor was just as I remembered it from the day, with all the writing on the wall of course. A unique tradition that they've maintained. There are dining areas on three floors and they are appropriately darkly lit. Very cozy feeling. The building is also very old, and the E. Superior location that we went to is the original that opened in 1966. Apparently, it closed for a while and reopened relatively recently. So A+ for ambiance and history. The service has been bashed by some reviewers but when we went, it was pretty good. The waitstaff was friendly and fast. Of course, it wasn't very crowded when we went (very cold night) but still, this was a plus. The food though, to be honest, was relatively ho hum. We got a deep dish pizza and it was ok, but there's much better pizza available even in our own neighborhood (Berwyn). Nothing was per se wrong with it, but it was underwhelming. Nothing stood out about it in terms of flavor, even the cornmeal crust. To me, it was just a moderately seasoned pan pizza with a slightly different crust. No big deal. We also had a side house salad which, like the pizza, could be described as average. Value also isn't a strong point. The small 'za we ordered was barely larger than a personal pan pizza at Pizza Hut. And it didn't come cheap (about the price of a large pizza at home). However, to be fair, the place is on the Mag Mile after all, and restaurants there are just going to be more expensive than they are in the further out neighborhood areas. Some "tourist" markup is to be expected and dealt with. So in short, if you're a tourist staying near the Mag Mile and want to incorporate Chicago style pizza into your trip, this isn't a bad choice. All the pizza joints in that area are chains (Pizzeria Uno, Giordano's, etc.) and Gino's probably stacks up pretty well against that group. And it has some history that those places do not. But if you live in the Chicago area, odds are you have much better pizza options right in your own back yard, so there's no reason to travel downtown for this. Since there's no 2.5 star rating, I'll bump it up to a 3!
