If Whole Foods, Trader Joes and a local farmer who raises cows feeding them organic wheat, and covets acres of 6ft tall crops of fresh corn with the occasional walk through by the county agriculture inspector had melded their souls for a night of fiery passion and created something that even a flying stork couldn't produce. This would be their spawn. Have I reached another point in my life that I openly enjoy going to gourmet food shops to prowl through each aisle and see what abstract or definitely usable perishable or non perishable for that matter, item I can use to spruce up a very basic dish? Grab the Sharpie and circle that Yes. I am always in search for a great go to specialty food store that stands out from Whole Foods and TJs. Someplace that chefs and professional cooks would go to, because secretly when I'm in the kitchen...I am totally the winner of Top Chef. Driving into the location, at first seemed like a stupid idea because of the whole parking issue but there's ample off street parking meters around the corner and if you decide to park in the pay lot, as long as you pay $20 on groceries within 2 hours, you are automatically bumped up VIP style and get validated. I had an inkling that this place was going to make the little excitement bubbles rise but as I walked through the entrance, I was slapped in the face with food couture. This is a great specialty food store. I hate to even label it like that because if I lived in the area, I'd make it a weekly stomping ground hands down. For starters, the store really is small but makes use and wraps itself around the space that is allotted for the merchandise. It's broken up in sections split up by metal racksfilled with spices, tinned foods that are local and international, biscuits and tea cakes. A whle lot is going on and I could easily see myself spending enough to have matched that parking validation, which of course I did but whatever it was a first time visit and definitely not a last one. ....and this is where I got excited and question my sanity because I am on full geek overload. I am not a huge bread fanatic but there is a station within the baked goods and dessert glass case where fresh batches of bread lay out. It is exactly like a French bakery (approche amricaine), this one section. I literally felt a jab in my chest, it was that brilliant. Small tarts filled the glass cases from chocolate to coconut, paired with a lovely date it's a night capper fo sho. Gourmet deviants, I ended up walking out with a rich Camembert cheese after getting educated from the staffer on appropriate temperatures and serving accompaniments, a fresh baguette and a bottle of wine. The prices are not out of this world and if you go in thinking that way then you'll leave disheartened because there is a little bit of everything and more.
