You know the now-defunct parenting strategy of making your kid smoke a whole pack of cigarettes when they get caught taking a puff or two? The idea being, make them so sick that they never want to so much as look a cigarette ever again. Yeah, I had a similar experience at Purple Pig yesterday... But let's back up. For the last few weeks, I've been getting cravings for meat. Serious cravings. Like, drive to Taco Bell in the middle of the night for a 10 pack of tacos cravings. And then maybe stopping at Mickey D's for some McNuggets on the way home. As a committed vegetarian, I felt shame at these lusty, beefy thoughts. I decided that the only way through this problem was to do the gastronomic equivalent of smoking an entire pack of cigarettes in one sitting: Eat so much meat at once that the thought of even looking at a burger would make me want to hug a soybean. I feared that sheer quantity wouldn't do me in, since as a 110-pound lady person, I can't each that much. So I decided on a different tack: Eat so many unusual, seemingly gross animal parts that my stomach revolts and goes on a meat strike not even In-N-Out could scab its way through. But where could I find such a place, I wondered. Enter Purple Pig. I gathered my party of five and launched a full-scale assault on pork. We ordered almost everything on the menu, the grosser, the better. Pig tails. Pig ears. Pig shoulder. Pig bone marrow. Eight different kinds of pig charcuterie. Throw in a giant turkey leg, razor clams and prosciutto for good measure. If you'll pardon the pun, I went whole effing hog. It was a massacre. A sh!t show. There were so many varieties of pork that we could have reassembled the contents of the table into an entire new franken-pig. At long last, I threw my napkin to the table and sat back. My brow was damp from meat sweats. My mouth was a cotton ball from the sheer salt quantities I had eaten. And my fingers stank of swine. Do I feel shame at the damage I did that day? Yes. But think of all the animals it saved me from eating in the future. Because, walking away from the smoldering, porky wreckage, I know one thing for sure: It will be ages before I want so much as hear the word meat. Although I wouldn't mind a cigarette...
