I live in Uptown and I've decided to start checking out breakfast/brunch spots around Chicago, getting away from the brunch stuff up here anyway. Meli Cafe was first on the list. Overall my experience was good and I would return, alone or with others. However, probably not often. The tab on my excursion ran me roughly $28 including tip. And that included: Coffee an Orange Banana Strawberry with Honey juice Sun Dried Tomato Ricotta cheese Fritata Side of Sausage Links Side of Baby-Reds (their take on potato) Walking in getting seated Experience. I walked in and the place looked a bit fancy, but then not. Sort of like Olive Garden but with classier silverware. The host was chating with her friend when I got in, but noticed me pretty quickly and got me a table. I sat at a four-top and glad she did so. The extra room on the table would come in handy when my food arrived. the Action: A bus boy walked about with a glass of water. He was pretty slick, set the glass down as he continued walking on to the next table. I observed him for a bit, he seemed to be off on a daze for most of the while. This was to be true for almost all the staff as I discovered when asking for things. Everyone just seemed enchanted. My server was polite,and that's about it. I flipped over my coffee cup and was delighted to see the Lavazza logo. I enjoyed their coffee drinks a lot when I worked in the loop. And the coffee was perfect, not too bitter and perfectly hot. Anyway, I ordered my food, and beverage. My server brought out a plate of butter and marmalades. The marms looked pretty good. The juice came next. I was intrigued with how they'd infuse the honey. Since it settles pretty quickly in liquid. The juice was okay. Too warm. Needed some ice. And by the time I got to the honey layer I stopped drinking it. It started getting a bit bitter. The food arrived pretty quickly. The Fritata was presented quite nicely. I got an english muffin and proceeded to go to town on the marms. Unfortunately, I couldn't taste much flavor in them. But they looked nice. My Fritata was pretty tasty, not too bland and not too spicy either. Which is how I like my omeletes. Then I realized, hmm. Potatoes don't come with this dish. By that point another group of four were seated and some other 3's and 2's came in and the place started hopping. The music changed from some folk style music to a more euro-jazz flavor. That was a nice change. I think it's good when restaurants are in tune with their clients. Whether it was intentional or not, i'll probably never know. I was pretty intrigued by how the server took the 4 top's order. Unlike me, she didn't write a single thing down. And then proceeded to assist another table and finally me with my requests for potatoes. The first four top got some really delish looking items. This strawberry french toast plate look absolutely scrumptious.. Anyway, the only thing I can knock a star down from is just the cold feeling I received from my waitress. I don't think it was intentional, but at least put some good face on for kicks, or try to remember us single people come out to eat once in awhile to ya know. :) At least I helped her check average.. :)
