Let's start by saying it was a mistake not to byob because it would have helped me forget all the time that passed before we were even noticed. After being crammed into the left corner of the dining room between two tables watching the kitchen, the (busman.... Server, well the guy who was walking around looking like he didn't know what to do brought over a bottle of water and poured us a glass them removed all the unnecessary wine glasses considering I didn't bring any wine( stupid me!)..... Well after 26 mins of waiting and not being acknowledged... ( as we watched to young cooks run around chugging red bulls and not putting anything in the window to leave the kitchen.) one of the cooks( who we later found out was the sous chef ran out of the kitchen with two plates for our table. First course, out of breath he mutters wagyu beef umami sauce and candied octopus. Where to begin..... The first sin- one of my two pieces were cut with the grain making one of the best cows from American ranchers tougher then old leather boots. Second- candied octopus powder looked like filthy crumbs around my plate, tasted like a fishing boat caught a boatload of fish when to dock left all the fish fermenting in the sun, then took the fish dehydrated it till it was dry like the dessert then threw it in a food processor and sprinkled it all over my plate. Why? Third- the umami sauce is reduced soy. Big whoop overly salty tastes like shit. Then after waiting another long period of time this time 19 minutes we were blessed with "8 bites of summer" Fuck where to continue..... The servers aren't trained well enough to remember all the garbage lame garnishes thrown on the stupid little bites. Honestly the only way I remember all this food is because I like to take pictures of food when I fine dine( or try to) for learning purposes ( as I am an aspiring chef) Our journey through 8 bites begins here 1- red and gold beet puree gelee with chardonay gel on top( nothing special) 2-horseradish infused blueberries with a pineapple baton ( weird) 3- green beans with marcona almond and preserved lemon( underseasoned and a waste of time my dead aunt could make greenbeans taste better) 4- pickled lotus root with sauted mushroom( only interesting one that had potential) Also needed salt 5-shaved asparagus with truffle oil( it seems as if they were finished cleaning the jumbo asparagus and thought it would be a great idea to charge the poor people who decided to gothere $85 for scraps) 6-ALBACORE TUNA it was garnished with something can't tell you what because the decryption by the lousy server was so long describing these unmemorable bites of food( when I tasted it is when it got HORRIBLE) my wife is Asian we eat lots of sushi and fish, it tasted like my 95 year old great-grandmothers 95 year old loofa( it was fucking disgusting I spit it out) 7- boiled quail egg rolled in seaweed dust with Asian mustard. The egg was way overcooked And the mustard left me with an abrasive bitterness lingering in my mouth for a good while 8- black seasame puree with a cucumber slice and I guess a half sphere of frozen cucumber juice. If I didn't take pictures I would have forgotten already and I ate there tonight and there was a crack on the side of my plate that I pointed out to spacy busman After another long wait between courses 16 mins Sadly there signature dish came out.... Scallop and crab fotomaki with dried chive garnish this was the biggest disappointment it looked like A hubcap that fell off a 20 year old car had unfortunately landed on my plate with a crispy dried chive circle stuck in one of the spokes. It gets worse so I am apprehensive about trying it cuz it looks nasty and I take my first bite a hold the shell up and the broken sauce and all the moisture that leeches out of the scallop from the untimeliness of the kitchen spills out onto my plate.... Big disappointment. Then again a super long wait for a cold shit soup with cold shit veggies Now this was plated in a bowl on a plate and on the plate were the undercooked carrots and supposedly grilled veggies( but from the lack of grill marks and how fucking cold they were it was probably cooked a day or two ago and then stuck on my plate for me to eat) the bowl was cracked AGAIN and on my plate was a dried caked on yellow matter that I brushed the side of my palm on while trying this course. I mentioned this to the same weird busman with nothing but a stupid joke to cover up there faults again. ONE LAST TRY Veal a delicious succulent young cow who's muscle tissue has yet had had enough blood running through it's body to change the pigment of it's delicate flesh to that bright red flavor. One of my most favorite thing VEAL..... with eggplant nasty I asked to speak to the manager and that also took forever and gave him my criticism and no apology just defense. Thank fuck AVEC was open(delicious) highly recommend anywhere but here blackbird, ria, Alinea, boka, Graham Elliot, sepia, L2O,
