Geja's ended up being an impromptu fancy date night for the boyfriend and I, and coincidentally turned out to be the great way to cap off a long weekend. We were early for our reservation and were seated immediately in a cute booth tucked away in the corner, which was perfect because we didn't really have noise coming from the kitchen or other tables. It is true, however, that the booth benches are not the most comfortable. They have decent specials on bottles of wine, and my philosophy was that I was going to be eating so much food already that I might as well have some alcohol to help me feel hungrier. The Geja's Chardonnay was light but flavorful (is that possible?) and went well with dinner. Of course, the spotlight should go to the fondues. We both felt like we wanted to go all-out with the fondue options, so we both ordered a combination plate. With the combination plate comes an appetizer salad and cheese fondue. The cheese was just heavenly; one of my favorite home-cooked meals happens to be Mac n Cheese with Gruyere, nutmeg, and Cheddar, and that is exactly what the cheese fondue mixture was! Divine with apples and bread, a little strange with the grapes. I probably would have licked the bowl clean if I had been in the comfort of my own home. After the first course, they promptly delivered two portions of Prince Geja's Combination: beef tenderloin, chicken breast, lobster, scallops, shrimp, potatoes, broccoli, onions, bell peppers, and mushrooms. What a spread! With the magnificence that was just placed in front of me, I had a hard time paying attention to the cooking times and the sauce descriptions, but that didn't really detract from anything. If we weren't sure about the temperature of something, we just cut it in half, put the individual pieces on separate skewers, and stuck them back in. No big deal. We found that it was better to cook one or two things at a time (despite the fact that we each had four skewers) so that we could take our time trying it with multiple sauces and not worrying about trying to remember what was still cooking. My favorite combinations were the beef tenderloin with the horseradish sauce, scallops with the white spicy sauce, and mushrooms with any sauce. If I had to do it again, I would likely just get the beef and scallop combination - it would still be plenty of food and would be slightly less expensive. And, surprise surprise, we made it through to the dessert round with a sliver of space left in our stomachs for the chocolate fondue! Being able to flambe marshmallows on top of the chocolate is a nice touch, and I actually enjoyed the slight taste of alcohol that was left in the chocolate once it was burned out. I'm not much of a chocolate fan to begin with, so that helped cut away some of the sweetness. Can't go wrong with a chocolate-dipped strawberry. The meal overall was presented well and luckily cooked well despite our novice fondue skills. We certainly enjoyed the meal but felt that the value came from the experience, not the quality of the food - i.e., $52 per person for the Prince Geja Combination might be stretching it but for a unique experience of pairing it with the fondue, we were willing to pay. It seems like they offer specials fairly often and I can see it being a fitting location for small celebrations in the future.
