For brunch place, def 4.5 stars!  We waited for freaking AN HOUR AND 30 MINUTES. First time trying, got there around 1 pm. on Sun, thinking it would be less busy then. The line was not too long, but we were so out of luck. First, the patio was closed cuz of rain (less # of tables than usual). Second, while 2-person tables kept becoming available, bigger tables had HORRIBLE HORRIBLE TURN-OVER RATE ystdy. Bad luck, I guess. Or, those who were sitting in the big tables were all enchanted to be tied there. Not upset with them, it's just.... three of us were sooooo hungry. =(( The hall manager and a server apologized a few times during our wait (because everyone else who came after us got sitted and, in fact, finished their brunch). When we were finally sitted, they served us a complementary french toast dish immediately - we were joking that we must've looked like jumping all over and eat their tables... lol. It was nice of them, as the french toast was really yum and we somehow restored our sanity back with sugar in our blood! I had a Bloody Lawrence, a bloody mary with corn whiskey. Wow, impressive! It was spicy, but well-balanced, with great after taste. It was not a from a mix, but made with their own recipe. I loved it! Our food was also good. Three of us ordered skirt steak, chicken with waffle, and biscuit with gravy, and all were very good. I loved the spicyness of their sauce and in the gravy. My chicken must've been cooked twice - very tender indeed. We all agreed that the skirt steak was the best. The reason for a small deduction: The potato garnish for the steak dish was yumm to the guys, but too greasy and salty to me (ah, well, who cares about healthy food in brunch place....). Also, the gravy was waaaaaay too thick and heavy, I couldn't steal more than 2 bites as I got fed up with the taste (again, it tasted super good in the first bite.) My chicken dish was good (somehow reminded me of KFC chicken...), the waffle was so-so, the maple syrup was awesome, but the sweet potato garnish - the major reason for my choice - was meh. I didn't see the point of dicing in such small cubes, and I couldn't really taste the flavor. It was just greased potato-ish orange-color cubes. If it were served in thin crispy fries, or mashed potato like, it might've been better IMHO. Finally, I felt that the manager could've been creative in putting two 2-person tables together for us. Despite all this, it was a very good brunch place! We are coming back soon.
