Let me preface this by saying, maybe they were just having an 'off' night...from the wait staff to the kitchen...but I have had maybe one dining experience that trumped the sour event of that night. I've had Ethiopian once before and LOVED it (ahem, Ras Dashen). I loved the flavors, the communal atmosphere of the cuisine, etc. and was very excited for another take at it.  My friend and I stopped by for dinner on a Sunday evening a few weeks ago before heading to the Green Mill and at that time, there were only a couple of tables seated. We were greeted by our server who took our drink order (a diet coke) and food order consisting of a few meat and veggie entres. She gave us each a water. Twenty minutes later (no exaggeration), a few more tables arrived and still diet-coke-less and with now empty water glasses, we had no trace of our server since we sat down. The place was a ghost town besides the hungry patrons. The others around us were whispering and craning their necks as well in search of service. Thirty minutes into 'dinner', she appeared to greet the newly-arrived and now disgruntled tables and eventually dropped off a watered-down coke in which all the ice had melted. After forty-five minutes, the few round of appetizers were brought out to those who had ordered even before us.  Sixty-minutes in, meals began to exit from the kitchen (this is after I watched two tables stand-up and walk out and their drinks sat on their tables for the duration of our meal as no one bussed them). The food was borderline warm and in my opinion, just okay.  Oh, and then they were preparing for a party of some sort so for a good 5 minutes, employees emerged from the wood-work to drag tables around in circles on the tiled floor deciding how best to arrange them and it was so loud and intrusive, that over the cold and overly-salted food, my friend and I could do nothing, but laugh. It was like a joke was being played on every one there.  The others around us were just as shocked and appalled at the entire scene (from food to atmosphere) so it wasn't an isolated experience. This place has such excellent reviews that I expected so much....I'm not giving up on Ethiopian, but next time I'll just stick with what I know. UPDATE: I raised my rating by a star because the manager actually did reach out to offer me a free meal to compensate for the last experience, but sadly I haven't made it back. The gesture was very kind and next time I'm over there, I'll try to return...
