Ever had that problem where everyone tells you that you need to watch a certain movie because it is "SO GOOD" and you'll "TOTALLY LOVE IT!" and then you finally watch it and it just can't match all the tons of hype so you just end up being disappointed? That was what happened to me when I went to the Chicago Diner. For years people have been telling me how great it is, and how I just absolutely MUST try it. Sure, I'm not a veggie but I do love me some good vegetarian food. So when my girlfriend asked me to take her here for her birthday, I was happy to comply. The menu appears to change seasonally, which is kind of cool. Lots of items looked really tasty, but I finally settled on the veggie buffalo wings. I've had and made all kinds of veggie buffalo wing flavored foods. I've enjoyed all of them, so I figured it would be a safe bet. I also decided to get chips and salsa, just in case the wings weren't enough. My girlfriend had the avocado tostadas. She was going to order the Pomegranate Wheat beer listed on their specials board, but we were told the board was "really out of date" and they were sold out. Fail #1. As we waited, I noticed the music they were playing. Well...I really wouldn't call it music, but more of background noise. It seriously just sounded like weird buzzing noises for a lot of the time. Not exactly what I'd like to eat my meal to. We received our food shortly, and I must say I didn't quite know how to respond to what was put in front of me. Brown, almost black, lumpy logs drenched in sauce. I was a little nervous, but I decided to give it a go. I felt even worse when I had a hard time cutting one of the little logs with my knife. But the worst was when I put it in my mouth - horrible chewy dense texture with a disgusting spicy sauce. This was not even CLOSE to buffalo wing flavor. Maybe they mixed up and gave me BBQ sauce, but either way it was horrid. I managed to choke down one and then I couldn't eat any more. It has been a LONG time since I ordered something I couldn't eat, but I definitely could not finish this. Thankfully my girlfriend's food was the saving grace. Tostadas layered with a spicy black bean paste, topped with grilled veggies, quinoa, and avocado. It was pretty tasty. The chips and salsa were good too, but how do you mess that up? Overall, I'd be willing to give the place another try given the previous reviews. But I will have to wait until the brown logs of doom stop causing me nightmares.
