Well the color is what brought me in, and the writing outside...Southern Reconstruction Cooking. What an odd concept? Let's eat here! Asking folks outside, before entering the spacious dining area, what they thought about the food inside was responded, "It was OK." Well that spooked us a bit because you'd say wonderful or amazing if it was of note, but just OK? She said she just had the salad. Oh well salads are just salads right? Let's go in! Remember that spacious dining area? Wow, totally impressive...that saved this review from a lower score. Cocks everywhere, and by cocks I mean male chickens! Yes, rooster paintings, rooster statues, roosters everywhere. That's pretty cool, but then the servers have t-shirts with a poodle on it. Yeah OK Wishbone/Dog, I get it. But pick one or the other! Poodles or Roosters. Oh did I mention really cool lighting, made my brain dazzle with the color and brilliance of this space. So before this review gets out of hand (Too Late), the service was confusing. Not sure if we ever were told our servers name, nor did he know anything about the history or writing on the building. I mean come on the only reason we came in was because of the way the restaurant looked, and because we love a good southern meal. Hospitality, right? The table and chairs were lacquered with some kind of sticky substance that felt like they needed a heavy scrape down. I hate, I hate going to a restaurant with sticky tables. (Read TR's Old reviews) I understand that this was not a clean problem but a lacquer choice problem. The daily specials seemed nice, and being Monday, Mmmmm Pulled Pork, we had to have it. Again I did mention confusing! Pulled Pork special with Cole Slaw, cornbread muffin and two sides, $8.95. But make it a sandwich for just $6.95 (you don't get that cornbread muffin, and the two sides). You have to order them separately $1 per side. The menu didn't explain anything beyond, Make it a Sandwich, $6.95. Very confusing! Oh if you want more water your going to have to ask for it by flagging down the waiter that you don't know the name of. Tedious, and to boot when I asked for water the waiter brought over three new glasses of water for the three of us seated, but my friend hadn't gotten to half empty so the waiter took the third glass away rather than leaving it for later. Goodness, maybe we don't want to have to ask for water later! Something to thing about, Waiter! The only reason this location gets a second star is because the food was genuinely good. Maybe another location will have better service.
