DON'T GO! places like this kill me. KILL ME. i've lived in ny & la and cannot deal with the pretentious approach to sushi in chicago. i've eaten sushi everywhere from my college cafeteria to the $500 course sushi dinner at urasawa in beverly hills, and i can honestly say wakamono may be my worse sushi experience EVER! i went once, and was not blown away but not dissatisfied. the garden, or salad- whatever, roll was good for the price, simple, fresh, and clean. it was byob and in a good people watching spot, so i went back. the second time was dreadful. everyone around me in the restaurant, just like the first time, were clearly inexperienced sushi diners ordering godzilla or california rolls struggling with their chopsticks and having so much fun because it was more a "trendy experience" than a "dining experience"... the annoying girls trying so hard to be cool in a "gay neighborhood" is almost incredible. the rolls were too contemporary they lost their appeal. the host had no idea what he was doing, and the waitress didn't seem to understand or do anything we asked for. i ordered a bunch of rolls. the safe ones were okay tasting. the wakamono, tons of raw fish, was incredibly awful. ive never tasted such a fishy roll than this roll. the entire roll tasted like the scent of a bad lake or ocean dead fish smell. i have NEVER, NEVER sent a meal back at a restaurant because being a server myself, i always fear the "rudeness" of sending something back.... however, if you're spending money i think it is definitely acceptable, i'm just too nice sometimes. well, i sent the wakamono roll back, the waitress was an idiot about it. she was like oh sorry the computers at this restaurant don't let us delete anything from the menu but i can order you a new roll instead for free. (she suggested having the sushi chef make another wakamono roll, really? because your first one sucked and chances are you didn't get a fresh boat of fish in 20 minutes). not wanting to deal with drama, i went with the whatever approach and ordered another... it was sub par... we got the bill and the wakamono roll was DELETED! and the new roll was added as additional charge, AFTER SHE TOLD US SHE COULDN'T DELETE ANYTHING. the wait staff CANNOT speak any english, is rude, and you have like 12 servers. the place may be the worst dining experience EVER.... okay i'm angry now writing about it... the place is filled with pretentious & desperate losers who think they are cool for eating sushi in a gay neighborhood so rate it high, even though they have no concept of food. the sushi here is probably the worst i've ever had. please DON'T GO....
