Totally mixed feelings on Violet Hour. Great food and drink, mediocre experience. I have a strict "No Bars With a Line to Get In" policy, which I was willing to break as I've been looking forward to checking out V.H. for quite a while; plus it was Saturday at 8:30, so what do you expect? That said, we were standing in line with some of the worst people you can imagine: some crone tried to bypass the line saying "We're restaurant people, we won't take up a spot long"; one girl held the door open (letting cold into the warm waiting area) so she could chat with the guy she was there with who was still in line outside; another girl made a quasi-racist comment about the guy working the door; and four loud cougars from the 'burbs were carrying on at shrill tones that should be reserved for experimental music. Ugh. Willing to let all of that slide, as the hostess totally hooked us up on our request that she not seat the cougars next to the open table next to us. Thanks!!! I think V.H.'s seating system needs a little work. Our group of four ended up awkwardly arrayed with two couples in a booth that would have been better for a group of 6-8. While I was glad not to be in the line anymore, I was a little surprised we ended up in the booth given that the process of selecting groups of 2, 3 (3???), 4, 6, or 8 out of the line as seating became available seemed fairly regimented. The menu was superb. Love the arrangement by booze, descriptions, etc. that some people seem put off by. Loved getting to try rare gins (Genevieve's) that I haven't seen elsewhere. Love devilled eggs basted in brown butter with candied pork belly. Great waitress. Her recommendations were spot on, and she quickly and willingly replaced my friend's gin and tonic when it came out with flat tonic. But that begs the question how a hardcore cocktail lounge could end up serving a gin and tonic with flat tonic in the first place? Sharing is our caring, and our group passed each drink around for sampling -- I loved everything I tried. Complaints about too-sweet drinks seem a little oversnooty. I love to complain, so another word of complaint: when we ordered our first round, our waitress informed us that it would be fifteen minutes before the drinks came out. After forty-five minutes in line with a-holes, I was starting to get the shakes, so we decided to place our second round order when the drinks came. Strictly professional. Unfortunately, the second round (which seemed considerably more complicated in terms of required preparation) came out in five minutes, and since V.H.'s drinks are served in glasses plus a small vial of additional drink, our miniature table ended up packed full of glassware. The couple next to us bounced without finishing their tempura green beans, and offered them up to the girls next to us. I'd already been vulture-eyeing the beans when they arrived while the couple had been out for a smoke, and these girls were also cool with sharing, so we got us some beans and they were phenomenal. Order them beans when you go son! I will not go back on a weekend night.
