OK, as a traveler it may be tough to get in a cab and go 20 minutes to get to a burger and beer joint but Bad Apple is not just a burger and beer joint and coming from Texas I feel like I have some degree of expertise! If you are planning on piling on the condiments, getting it well done etc you may as well turn around and go to the local sports bar or Micky Ds and save the bucks,,,if you're looking for a burger that tastes like a steak on a bun than Bad Apple is for you. The owners get their beef from NYC uber butcher Pat LaFrieda and it is awesome, heavy on ribeye so it has amazing flavor and is already matched with good and simple condiments so you don't want to drown the beef flavor. Coming from Texas it really does have more taste without dressing than any other burger I've tasted! We(3) walked into a cool bar scene only a few tables busy and a few people at the bar,,nice big, clean space,,the first thing we noticed was a ridiculous beer selection,,,maybe 15 on tap and another 50 bottles,,we just let the bar keep pick our beers and I can say we were in there for a number of hours watching college football on HD big screens and I never had a beer that I have even remotely heard of before so the selection is astounding. Special was a Burger Wellington,,,OK,,weird enough but the second light came on that this is not a sports bar or average burger joint,,,burger came wrapped in a perfect puff pastry with fresh cut fries perfectly crunchy and done perfectly. We split the wellington and some fries and then we all ordered burgers. I ordered the Mahalo burger (Time Out just rated it best in Chicago) which was again LaFrieda beef with weiss ham, perfect provalone, slices of pineapple on meat done to perfection,,mediaum rare. Thank goodness for a place that will still do a mediaum rare burger,,,this one was picture perfect,,a bit bloody just the way I like it. My buddies got the Pat LaFrieda which was very basic and I believe just had avacado and basic condiments and the other buddy got the breakfast burger with egg and cheese on it,,it was sweet. I can go on and on but this was no burger joint alone,,the beer is out of this world and the burgers were ridiculous and I've seen some other posts on cost but I can hardly get a burger in Fort Worth Texas for $8,,see LoveShack, Fred's etc. so to get one in a big city,,this is a real deal and is it really $2 better than the avg. Fridays and local sports bar,,uhhhh,,,yeah,,,its wayyy better and yeah it's $6 better than chains!  Even with teh $13 cab ride I'll be back!  PS...music and HD sports were the toppers I guess!
