I ordered parts of my thanksgiving dinner from Fox and Obel simply because I was not in the mood to cook anything, neither was the mother, and we thought it'd be nice to have it all catered. Now, the plan was to order the sides, plus a FRESH capon which they said they'd have, and a dessert tart. Never again in life. First, I sent my mother to pick up the food as I was dealing with some holiday things and although I'd used my card to prepay for it, and gave the card to my mother, while telling Fox and Obel staff that she'd be coming to pick it up (to which they said fine) when she got there, they wouldn't give her the food! My mother told them to call me, which they did, and I said it was fine, even described what clothes my mother was wearing, and referenced the name of the person who said the transaction was okay. Well, they weren't dealing with it. So eventually, my mother paid for it all on her card...which essentially meant we paid TWO times for the food. I was told to email the management to get a refund on my card. (That later turned into a bit of a logistical nightmare). Well, mom comes home with the food and we discover (it is THANKSGIVING DAY after all) that the fresh capons...are frozen. LAWD! I about passed out. We paid a price that you'd pay for a fresh, UNFROZEN capon, and yet, they were frozen. So I felt totally taken advantage of and was truly pissed. However, the crisis of frozen bird the night of the dinner managed to be averted as we were smart enough to thaw them. The sides we got were so-so...nothing to write home about. Overpriced for what it was. We're eating the meal, and it's all...OKAY. Not worth the money we paid for it. Time for dessert and the brulee on the top of the tart had run off the sides, and leaked all in the box...creating an aesthetic mess. Mind you, we followed the instructions we received on transport, care and maintenance of said tart to the T. So, we tried the best we could to fix it, but again, it was a big ol' disappointment. Plus, it wasn't even that good. So, I was pissed because the poor quality and deception of the staff at Fox and Obel pretty much ruining my Thanksgiving. I was asked to take a survey and I relayed my sentiments to them. About a week later, I get a call about it, and again, told my story. At this point, I wasn't asking for refund (except for the charges on my card since my mother actually paid it and I reimbursed her for the cost, which means I paid for the dinner twice while my mother paid once so we have spent THREE times as much on this passable meal), but an apology would have been nice. About a week later, after calling and emailing in regards to my refund, a manager calls and says that my initial payment was a 'transaction hold' and the funds were never officially charged to my account. LIE. I call back and finally, after a debate explaining the situation, which involved getting my mother to show the purchase on her bank statement to get them to agree to okay the refund on mine. Comments were "How do we know your mother actually bought the same thing as you?" UM, I doubt that we'd both be able to go into Fox and Obel and spend the EXACT same amount on things in that short period of time. Ironically, after all that was done, my mother mentioned in a separate survey call that she received (since she was the one who paid for the dinner in their physical location), she complained about the tart (which I did repeatedly), they agreed to refund her the tart. Knowing that getting that same refund on my account would be a moot point, I let it go. TO this day, I've asked them not to email me about any meal...and yet every holiday, I get one. I'd go shopping there, but catering services...heck no!
