I have very mixed feelings about this place. Wish I could give 2.5 stars to reflect my ambivalence. First with the positives. Great location in Logan Square just steps away from the blue line. Nothing to sneeze at when you're coming from the south side to try out a new restaurant. Service was knowledgeable and friendly (I'm giving her a pass that she hit on my hubs - he is extremely cute after all...) The whiskey selection is very impressive, not just extensive but top-shelf selections. For cocktails I had the Full House, which combined Laird's applejack with benedictine, yellow chartreuse, and bitters. Hubs had the Ringer. What we love most about whiskey cocktails is how unassuming they are. They're not boisterous or pretentious, just simple drinks highlighting the whiskey in a way that says, "I have nothing to prove." I also appreciated the concept of rooms on top of the restaurant that travelers can stay in on the cheap. Almost seemed like a reversal of the usual concept: 1. hotel 2. restaurant. L&E reverses this: the hotel rooms (only 6 of them) are subordinated to the restaurant. Very cool. So those were the positives. Now for the negatives: the food was absurdly and shamelessly rich and fattening. Part of the problem is that I determined beforehand I was going to order whatever my server recommended as the "best" which ending up leading to absolute chaos - and by that I mean lipid overload in my poor, unsuspecting stomach. It wasn't just the recommendations, though, since I tried to find an item - something, anything - fresh on the menu to balance all the heaviness and was unfortunately unable to do so. My wild boar sloppy joe was tasty but left me feeling physically ill, especially when coupled with the "beef fat" fries (to me, "beef fat" anything sounds like a bad idea) that tasted exactly like fast food fries. Ugh. What I did next must have been prompted by momentary demon possession or perhaps a strange alignment of the planets at the very moment my server asked, "Would you like any dessert?" to which I replied, "Yes, I'll have the gruyere stuffed donuts served with side of whipped goat cheese." Yeah, that was an awesome idea. I felt sick for two days following this experience. I fasted the day after - eating only a small salad and a bit of plain oatmeal - and ate only slightly more the next day. I really hope L&E is not a reflection of the direction of foodie/restaurant trends, but unfortunately I have noticed a similar backlash-against-health at other supposedly "hip and trendy" new restaurants. Overall this experience reminded me that trends can be terrible and even downright stupid. I don't think I'll be returning to L&E anytime soon, certainly not for dinner!
