There were pros and cons.  Pros: Location couldn't be better. We stayed at the lakefront location last year and even though that hotel was in better shape and the stay was an overall better experience, we preferred the centralized location of this hotel.  Check in was efficient if not overly friendly. Room was up to date, clean, and boasts very comfortable beds.  Breakfast was well cooked and of good quality, although often a little on the chilly side. Reception drinks were well-made and the line moved quickly. Excellent snacks. The attached restaurant (not run by Hilton) was *wonderful*. Cons: (Small complaint) No automatic upgrade for Diamond members. I didn't bother to ask because this was a weekend point redemption and I was pretty sure they were sold out by that point. It's nice to be recognized for loyalty. Breakfast seemed incredibly understaffed. Tables sat waiting to be bussed for 30 minutes or more. People were wandering around with trays looking for places to sit while 1/3 of the tables were piled with garbage and dishes. The floors were sticky and dirty. The service area was sticky with spilled food and sported balled up napkins and discarded cups. Food was chilly even as it came out of the back because I'm guessing they had to make it way ahead of time. Breakfast was regular-weekend crowded, not line-snaking around the atrium crowded, so I can't imagine why the cooks and bussers seemed to be so overworked. Maybe everyone called in sick that day? Price was bad. Granted we came for a weekend in the middle of summer, but the price on this hotel for that weekend was the same or more than Conrad, the Drake, or the Wit. I opted instead for a rewards redemption, but I had to bust out the same number of points I would have for anything in Hilton's luxury line. So my expectations were enhanced and as a result, I was less than impressed. I love the Embassy Suites chain in general and as we travel and move around a lot, I've stayed at 30-40 different ES properties over the past 15 years or so. This one was middle of the road. The price was exhorbitant in comparison. If you are staying with kids and you can snag a price of say, $179 or less, then give this place a shot. But if you are trying to get away as a couple, there are better choices. Much better. Please don't EVER pay the $349+ dollars they wanted for last weekend.
