This review veers a little off the 'traditional' review. Hopefully, it will give a little insight into more than just what most people see when they visit a restaurant. First of all, the cooking and presentation of food is an art form; and like all art, beauty is in the eye of the beholder. You cannot be 'everything to everyone' and it is a fools folly to try. Just as you may be thoroughly in love with a particular movie or musician, you will find it utterly baffling that your friend can take it or leave it. That is part of what makes any art form so fascinating - the passion it stirs within individuals. Pizza is such an art form. In a city such as Chicago, with it's tempting variety of pizza styles, it is not difficult to engage in a heated discussion over what establishment has the 'best pizza' or 'best service' etc. You will not find any 'perfect' restaurant (or 100% agreement of reviews) in this city. The Italian culture cherishes art & food - from the dock worker to the fashionista, the Italian people are filled with passion. This is the feeling of authenticity Spacca Napoli successfully recreates in its restaurant. From the beautifully decorated mosaic imported Italian brick oven to the pureness of the Italian ingredients, to the family ambience it seeks to create. Unfortunately, some reviewers fail to appreciate the authenticiy of this experience. Others, don't understand why a small restaurant that is immensely popular will not book a party of 9 at 7:00pm on a Saturday night. These people have never owned a small restaurant. It's a business - livlihoods depend on it. Most parties of this size trickle in over the course of an hour, often not ordering until all are seated. Often, several do not show. A small restaurant does not have the luxury of holding tables. Spacca Napoli is doubling in size with an addition slated to open very soon, which will allow it to book reservations for large parties, which will alleviate some reviewers issues with reservations. However, they must understand that an owner should treat all guests equally important.  When you have patrons waiting an hour for a table and see 3 tables for a party of 9 sit open while they trickle in either late, or not at all, you alienate more customers that way. It is the only way to treat customers equitably; unfortunately, some people can't see beyond their own world - they need to. When the owner is personally handing out food samples and wine tastings to patiently waiting patrons, how can one possibly complain of that? Of the thousands of restaurants in Chicago, you can't count on one hand the restaurants that treat their customers this respectfully. (A side note: I have seen Rick Bayless, sitting on the bench waiting patiently for a table just like everyone else). Obviously, when you have over 300+ reviews as Spacca Napoli does, and the vast majority have glowing reviews, has been recognized as one of the outstanding pizzerias in Chicago, the United States, and the world, by the Italian organizations that recognize outstanding authenticity, excellence and adherence to quality, you must be doing a LOT right. I'll let the other reviewers speak about the food, beverage and ambiance in more detail; it's not too hard to see why this place is so loved and frequented by so many regular customers. If you haven't visited Spacca Napoli yet, you need to make a point of it. If you love authentic dining experience, an owner passionate about people and the food he serves, then Spacca Napoli should be high on your list.
