i knew this place was good as soon as i walked in and started hearing the famous voice of Shakira. no she was not there but she was the artist being played at the time. latin music for a spanish restaurant put me in the mood for some tasty tortas. There was a line when I got there but it was actually moving along pretty smoothly. While in line I got to look at some of Rick Bayless' books that he set up on some shelves as you walk to the counter to order your food. As i kept walking to the register there were nice chalk boards up that displayed where they got their food and i was pleased to see that they get their meats, dairy and other farm products local. always a plus for me! supporting the local businesses! When we got to the counter the server there asked how many we were and was getting a table ready for us while we were ordering our food. I ordered the pepito which had Braised Tallgrass shortribs, caramelized onion, artisan Jack cheese, black beans, pickled jalapenos all for the price of 12 dollars. Just looking at these ingredients makes my stomach hungry. The torta itself was cooked in the oven burning stove which made the bread extra tasty. The short ribs were cooked to perfection, very tender and very moist. At first I thought the portions were small but after finishing 1/2 of the torta i was already feeling the impact of the short ribs. I also ordered their chips and guacamole. The chips were nice and crispy and they were also thick, i usually like thicker chips if i were to dip it in some guacamole so that was a + in my book. the guacamole was very flavorful but nothing stood out for me to say that this is the best guacamole ever. But the dessert here is why i truly came here. I am a huge fan of Churros and have been craving this sweet snack for the longest. It is 3 pieces of churros for 3 dollars and 1 for $1.50 so the 3 is worth the deal. I also got it with a nice small serving of soft serve to dip my churros into. They delivered my churros perfectly right after i had finished my entree. They came back later to give my friend his churros and the server dropped a churro on my jacket and made it rain churro all over my arm. I wasnt mad because this churro was made in heaven! way better than any carnival or amusement park churro to date. The soft serve was a great compliment to the churro as i dipped every bite. I could seriously come here just for the Churros and Soft Serve. Cash and credit accepted.
