I wouldn't come back if I didn't like it, right? Right. The first time I came here I took a girlfriend out to dinner because she was moving to SD, CA and I wanted a nice atmosphere on a summer night. We got seated in the middle of the restaurant and even though it was an early dinner, the place was packed and LOUD. I don't even think there's music playing in the background but all the chit-chat from the patrons just filled the sound waves. Our server was very nice and explained the menu to us. We each got a meat entree (sorry we ARE omnivores).She got the braised beef short rib and I got the crispy pata and split a pork adobo flake fried rice. We swapped some of our entrees and both plates were so flavorful and moist. The rice was perfect to share for two with enough garlic to flavor. I came back again for a 2 friends' birthdays with a party of 15 and had the same server from like 2 months before. This time we sat in front of the sushi bar on a long table with stools, which to tell you the truth, looks like a great set up, but sucks when you're wearing heels and a dress. One gentlemen from management (I believe) introduced and greeted us all personally and then all of a sudden, we were being asked for our IDs because he bought us all a shot. Nice, and thanks. I ended up getting the braised short rib because I couldn't stop thinking about it from before and tried the rock shrimp tempura (AKA honey walnut shrimp) which was very good, but the shrimp were teeny tiny. Still good though. We ended up ordering a dessert for the birthday peoples and I don't know if it's on the menu or not, but it was something of a taro bread pudding and it was DELICIOUS. Subtle and sweet, I would probably pretend it was someone's birthday to try it again. Service is awesome. Whether it's a party of 2 or 15, they never slacked and were always attentive. The only thing I really had to ask of them was where is the bathroom? (It's downstairs towards the back BTW) Otherwise there was no rush to order, eat or leave. Came back again for girls night out. I can't stop. Little bits: 1. Make a reservation (You can do it on yelp) 2. Valet parking is available and so is metered parking (which is free after 9pm)
