Boo, Jerry Kleiner. I'm trying all your places because I hear such great reviews from you, and am disappointed that all of them, with the exception of Gioco, are quite mediocre Carnivale, in the old Drink bar, is humongous, ginormous, a monstrophic restaurant. The dcor is, vibrant, colorful, without being nauseating to the eyes. Ceilings are quite high, and the place can hold a huge groups, and tiny dates. 2nd floor, has private rooms to hold private parties, to be reserved ahead of time.  Onto business...the food. In the bar area/waiting room, me and the bestie had some drinks and appetizers. Wow, the drinks...They were so good, but I am a little biased towards capirinhas, as they are my ultimate favorite. Had a nice amount of cachaca, as it was not watered down. Made you wanting a second, and then a third...For appetizers, we had the ropa vieja. Served as small sliders, don't be deceived, they are pretty addicting. Meat was tender, and not sopping with the sauce. Bread was nice and soft. When our table was ready, we were escorted to the large room. From outside, you would never guess how large the inside dining area was. The ceilings are very tall, and there was a decent amount of room between tables to not feel overcrowded. I had the Arrachera, which is their skirt steak. It's pretty good, but I prefer the skirt steak from Caf Bolero, which is about a third of the price less. The chimichurri sauce wasn't runny, and thick enough to cover the steak perfectly. The bestie had the Bife Angosto, which I had a taste of. For double the price of the Arrachera, you would think that it would be outstanding. Not so, it was pretty plain, had an okay amount of flavor, but not worth the $38!!!! In addition, the truffle potatoes were just as plain tasting as the meat. Boo In summary, my primary reason why I go to places in hopes of finding great cuisine. Second, customer service better be good if I'm paying you a tip to serve my food. You need to earn your tip, not feel like you are obligated to it  The ambience and dcor come far third. If you can't meet the first criteria, then I really don't care too much about the others...
