Best restaurant I have ever been to. Small plates, so be prepared to order a lot and spend a lot. But you won't leave hungry or dissatisfied. They use family style seating, where most tables inside seat 10 or so and you will be next to strangers. I noticed some tables for smaller groups, even for couples, but it appeared to me that the majority sits at the larger tables or the bar area. There was outdoor seating underneath a tent as well. They had a very extensive wine and beer menu, with options for a glass, 1/4 bottle, 1/2 bottle and full bottle for some of the wines. We had a 1/2 bottle of the 2010 La Cartuja, a red blend, and it was amazing. I tried to break the meal down into three courses. We started with three plates: Pork Fried Almonds with Rosemary & Garlic from the antipasti section, Pig's Ear with Crispy Kale, Pickled Cherry Peppers & Fried Egg from the fried items section, and Roasted Bone Marrow with Herbs from the smears. All were incredible. The almonds lasted us all night, and were easy to eat in between dishes. The Pig's Ear might have been my favorite dish - you crack the yolk of the fried egg and mix it together with the fried ear, kale, and peppers for a wonderful mix of tastes and textures. the cherry peppers give it a little zing and the fried ear has a great taste and texture. Don't be afraid of the bone marrow - yes, it comes in a bone, and you spread it on the bread like butter, add some sea salt and top with the salad - and it's delicious. Try it, you will not regret it. Our second "course"/set of plates was a cheese and cured meats plate. Our waiter put it together, combining the tartufo and some prosciutto with a soft, hard, and semi-soft cheese. It was good, but I probably would have rather stuck to the larger items that were "prepared" rather than just served, if that makes sense. With the cheese plate, we got Mussels with Pancetta, Crme Fraiche & Marjoram and Wagyu Sirloin Tip with Fingerling Potatoes, Red Onions, Olives & Bone Marrow Vinaigrette. The mussels were very flavorful, but not as filling as other items. The sirloin was sadly somewhat ignored, because we were so full at the end. I did try a few pieces of it, and it was very, very good. I wish I could have had more of it, but I had to save room for dessert. Our last course was dessert. Save room for it. We got the Affogato, espresso over ice cream - I'm not a coffee fan but this was very good. I think we got it with the salted chocolate ice cream or something like that. But the winner of the dessert menu was easily the Panino con Nutella - a panini with Nutella, bananas, and marshmallows. Omg. Drool. To me, The Purple Pig is Chicago in a restaurant - full of people, so many different things to try, and so much fun. I love the seating, I love the menu, I love sharing all the food you pick out with your group, I love the wine, it's just all so great.
