I was here last year while driving across country with my wife and 6 month old son. I have been wanting to try rick bayless' food since i was a kid watching him on PBS. We went to go to frontera grill but it closes during the mid afternoon. Anyway so we debated going here and I am glad we did because as soon as we walked in i noticed Rick Bayless behind the line actually cooking the food! I was so happy! Needless to say over the next 3 days I ate there 4 times! One morning I was asked if it was ok if the news camera man filmed my son, then the next morning I actually got to talk with Rick Bayless for a few minutes! I am such a nerd but it was cool. MY only complaint was that my poor son wasnt eating solid foods yet so the only thing he was able to enjoy was chewing on the menu. Thankfully we will be going back to chicago next week so he will finally beable to eat! My other observation is that my tomatillo salsa is better! Though I am willing to try xocos again and see if theyve improvedover mone haha. Btw their salsa is incredible! All the food here was good, I am very much looking forward to returning. Like I told Rick Bayless last year, I moved to a small town in az with no good mexican food, I plan on stealing as many recipes as i can so that I have good food to eat between my visits to chicago! Highlight Besides meeting the entire kitchen staff and laughing with them, I remember one chef made an old restaurant joke like we only serve kids medium rare. We laughed and then they proceeded to play with our son and try and make him smile. Sorry the highlight of this "take out" place was that when I was there they we not using plastic utensiles instead when I got breakfast togo they gave me metal forks. The manager pointed out that they were not that expensive and people were more likely to reuse them thus not clogging up landfills! Stupid thing to get excited about but i think it is nice to see people actually willing to spend a little more to make less waste.  Oh regarding lines, I was there in september of 09 and hardly noticed any line. The line moved very quickly and by the time your food was ready there was a place to sit.
