Everyone knows I love hot wings so I keep hearing, "Have you tried Crisp?"... well, now I can say, "Yes." So here's my honest review... we tried the Bad Boy Buddha Bowl (w/ Beef), jumbo wings with Seoul Sassy sauce, and jumbo wings with Crisp BBQ sauce. Buddha Bowl - We got the one with 8 veggies and beef. The size is generous. The only veggie I didn't completely agree with was the corn... I haven't seen corn in the Korean version (bibimbap)... well... ever... but that didn't stop me from devouring it - and liking it. The gotchujang (red hot) sauce was far from spicy, and it was almost sweet, which left me a little disappointed If they're going to advertise it as spicy sauce, they should give the patrons an option for real "spicy" sauce. Of course, they should keep the spicy version behind the counter lest some Lakeview patron unknowingly burns a hole in his tongue thinking it's ketchup. Buddha Bowl = 4.0 stars Wings with Crisp BBQ Sauce - I believe they are trying to go for the Korean wing "kkanpongi" taste here, but it's been tamed down a little bit for the local tastebuds. The Korean version is much spicier and contains more garlic. This version at Crisp is good, but it could be better if it were a tad spicier and a little less salty. But overall, I like it. Crisp BBQ Sauce = 4.0 stars Wings with Seoul Sassy Sauce- I'm not quite sure what to make of this. It wasn't spicy. And it wasn't really sweet. And it didn't have much kick. It just wasn't much of anything memorable. I recall eating it, but not really being able to taste much of it. And if I have to strain to taste it... well... ok. If I were eating wings at a bar, I would say this would be close to Teryaki, but a very mild version. So from my viewpoint, it wasn't all that. Seoul Sassy Sauce = 2.5 stars Service and Establishment - Nice location in Lakeview. Lots of foot traffic in the area. Parking is spotty, but not impossible. Several communal type bench seating areas and some stool seating as well (can get a little awkward). It can get busy at times. Helpful staff (plus a cute cashier is always a plus).  Good selection of drinks. Fast service. You can tell this place puts in effort. Overall = 4.0 stars. Total average rounded up to 4 stars. Eat at Crisp. If choosing between Crisp BBQ sauce or Seoul Sassy, go with the Crisp BBQ.
