If you do not want to read the whole thing....Great atmosphere for a night out, lil dark but classy. Sides and apps were really good, drinks were nice, and i had one of the best ribeyes i have ever had. Most items were about 20%-30% overpriced in my eyes....but great meal, even better service and def a place to impress a lady or two. So let me start this party off with letting you know i was treated to this dinner so my review may be slightly more positive then if i was the one paying.  My self, two friends and their uncle decided to enjoy a delicious steak and treats for my first visit to Chicago. As soon as you walk into Mastro's you can feel the buzz not only in the bar but in the dinning room as well. The restaurant was packed but we found a little nook by the bar and posted up like Hakeem the Dream. I enjoyed my first ever Martini not dirty. It was not one of these small dainty drinks....this was a steakhouse size martini. Best part was it included the shaker which housed about another half size drink in it. After about a thirty minute wait we were seated. The bar and dinning area have the same super dark lighting which was a bit unpleasant but nothing to cry about. I started with the Tuna Tar Tar and Sea Scallops (split with a friend) and thought both were great choices. The Tar Tar was layered with the top being Tuna, second being avocado and the third i believe was pankco. I give the tar tar a 4 and a 5 for size. It was one of the largest serving of Tuna Tar Tar i have ever seen and the price was not to crazy. The scallops (3) were cooked perfectly and covered in a garlic + cream + who knows sauce. It was very tasty and overall have to at least give it a 4 for flavor...just wished you got four scallops. Now the main event...steak and sides. I went with my favorite cut the rib of the eye and we ordered a side of spinach and a full order of lobster mash potatoes. For how busy this place was the service was freaking incredible. My steak did not have the "crust" most traditional steak house steaks have but i did not mind it at all. It was one of the best marbling for a ribeye i have ever had, and my medium rare was perfect, The spinach was as exciting as spinach and garlic can get but it was cooked well as we tasty....4 stars. The lobster mash was just as great....4 stars . The mash potatoes were super silky and topped with a gracious amount of our sea faring friend. Bottom Line: If you want a god martini, great steak and amazing sides Mastro's is te name of the game. Classy spot to bring a lady or just to relax and enjoy some great. Hit this spot up and let me know if you sing this Mastro's praises as well!
