While this place may not be for everyone, it sure is close to perfection. Located just north of the Walgreens at Division and Dearborn, super close to the Clark/Division Redline stop and the Broadway, Clark, and Division bus lines, Third Coast has been one of my favorite hang-outs since I moved to Chicago. I used to work in the area and afterwards would head on over for some delicious grub and its inviting, homey, almost hypnotic atmosphere. Being at the garden level really helps transport your body and mind to an otherworldly state. You just seem to forget time is passing outside without having to stare at all the hustlers and bustlers on the sidewalk. There are windows that you can see out from, don't get me wrong--it's not a dungeon--but you just don't seem to notice the outside world. The food is excellent greasy spoon fare. What it is not is gourmet, exotic, organic, fusion, or some other type of haute-cuisine nomiker that is good for visiting friends from "Bon Appetit" or "Food and Wine." This is much more of a Rachel Ray joint where you could bring that chronic eater and hear 1000 "yum-os" before the meal were through. The breakfasts come in overwhelming proportions, the sandwiches are always humongous and come with a large salad or a cup of their delicious soup, or some other choices (I can't remember). If you order the salad, ask for light on the dressing or they'll smother it, which isn't always so bad except when you're on a diet. Then there's some decent entrees and classic desserts. Of course there are drinks and coffee to add to the fun, and I must say their coffee is very good, bespeaking it as a truly classy joint. I am not sure but I would imagine they buy whole bean and grind it on site. The prices are middle of the road. I would not call this expensive for the area at all, and I don't even know if I would call it expensive at all. Considering the portions are so huge, you definitely get your money's worth. A few recommendations: the Mexican steak and eggs breakfast; the breakfast sandwiches (plain old egg and cheese, or with bacon or with ham); the Dutch club; the applewood smoked bacon BLT; and for the chicken salad lover, the Coronation chicken salad sandwich (not for you if you don't like curry). Also, for a quick snack, the quesadilla is a good choice. I can't stress enough that this place is more importantly about its ambiance. The staff is friendly and patient, if not a little slow but they're always busy. The place is so warm and inviting that it is perfect for a cold winter's night. Go with a book in hand, your journal, or just a friend for a deep conversation. You won't be dissapointed.
