It was Thursday afternoon and we were running a bit late. I was meeting a team of fellow Yelpers for an afternoon snack at Revolutionary Brewing. You know what's funny? Telling people that other people like a place before you've even stepped foot in the door. I'm definitely one of those people so powerful is the buzz from Yelp. Delighted to find no wait, no line, no crowd of people sitting next to me eavesdropping on our conversations, it was a hot day outside but the bar was kept exceptionally cool and I noticed a guy in the background tinkering with the climate control. To my right were giant windows revealing massive vats of beers being brewed to perfection. How disappointed I was to find out none of these beers were ready for the day! One o'clock and they had no homebrews ready for me! The tag team combo of Yanyao N and Aurore L had managed to spill water all over the place but that did not deter us and the menus were laminated to prevent our clumsiness from slowing down our decision making! We agreed on some bacon fat popcorn for $4, although I felt like two orders would have been wiser! I helped myself to a Left Hand Milk Stout after the waitress informed me that the guest brews were unavailable :( The bacon and the popcorn and the melted cheese on top was a veritable treat and the size of the order was good enough to eat politely and not earn an early food coma. There were big pieces of bacon crumbled over with freshly grated cheese melted over the tasty treat. Not long after came my Working Man Burger featuring cheddar cheese and bacon. Having seen one person politely slice their burger in half, I contemplated the same. Instead, I decided to attack my burger like a Great White Shark and took the biggest bite I could! The garlic mashed potatoes and fries I had on my plate were delightful and Judy M had no such dilemma of whether or not to engulf her food as she was the only one eating something healthy in the form of a salad. The server came to check on us and we were doing fine. Nice interior and I was surprised to see the big TV at the bar showing the Cubs game. I can't imagine what Revolution Brewing looks like packed to the brim and I can't say I like anywhere that is packed to the brim (that includes you, old friend Hopleaf). The food was truly terrific and I wish I could have tried some of the house brews. Til next time, Revolution Brewing!
