This is the last time I book any of my colleagues and clients at this hotel. We've booked with W Chicago-Lakeshore in the past and there has always been something but this time around was the final straw. I booked a hotel stay for one of my colleagues and my colleague was suppose to check in on Sunday. I called a week prior to his check in date to prepaid for his stay (since every time I asked for a CC Auth form, I never received it). The account woman took everything over the phone and said my colleague was all set. Here comes Sunday, the day my colleague is set to check in. They will not let him check in because they require him to put his card down for room & tax. My question is...what's the point of prepaying for a room when the guest is going to have to put down his/her card for ROOM & TAX plus incidentals. My colleague called me explaining the situation that Sunday night. Then I called the hotel and spoke to the night manger, who name begins with a G. She herself told me that she can see that an authorization has been made to his account but the account woman clearly didn't input the hard swipe. Another question I have to ask, why is that our problem? That was negligence on your employee's part not ours. Then, for her to say we have to put down for incidentals and a night stay in order to stay at the hotel(which would have been $650+, after I repeatedly told her I would send the details over to her first thing in the morning and my guest can not pay for this. I don't think Ms. G understands that everyone doesn't have $650+ to give at the drop of a hat. Which is why the company was paying for his travel.To cut a long story short, my colleague was waiting outside of the hotel for about to 2hrs, at night after flying in from NY to be told he couldn't stay at their hotel because a W Chicago Lakeshore employee was negligent in processing a CC Auth form. Which lead for me to intensely search for a hotel for my colleague to stay in for that night and the next 3 days. I am just beyond frustrated with this hotel. They treated us like we're new to doing business with them and we don't book a lot of our colleagues and clients at their hotel. Never again.
