I have not waited in line to give someone my money since college - and that was the East Coast where I expect it. I was leery of this spot for that reason but I am glad that I was able to get over that and give it a shot. Frankly, I think it is worth waiting in line to be someplace that is not ridiculously crowded. The crowd at this place could have been annoying but I would never have known because I had plenty of room and never had to interact with anyone that I did not want to.  The music was great. Given my druthers, I would not ahve to listen to anything recorded past 1966 while out in public. I have a soft spot for jazz recorded in the late 20s and early 30s but also like much of the popular music made through the 1950s and into the early 1960s. What they were playing at Violet Hour was, therefore, right up my alley. The interior was attractive. Instead of opting for the dark interior you find in most drinking establishments, the walls are cheerfully painted a light color that could be blue or purple (I could not tell) with white trim. The large chairs were neat and I even liked the big square bar stools. The long, dark curtains were dramatic but they were balanced by the lighter colors. Since we were seated at the bar, we got to watch the bartenders. They looked pretty nifty with their vests and arm garters. Heck, so did the barbacks. I really enjoyed watching them make drinks. I don't know that I would go so far as to call what they do an art, but it is certainly a craft.  The drinks themselves were amazingly good. I had two drinks and loved them both. My cousin had one and it was a bit too sweet.  Since it's hard to know what the drinks might taste like unless you are a mixologist and familiar with all of the ingredients, I would recommend asking for suggestions based on your likes.  I asked our bartender Troy for a suggestion with the caveat that I do not like gin. He responded buy asking if he could make me a gin drink that he would happily take back if I were dissatisfied. That drink, one of his own creations he called the Mademoiselle, completely changed my views of gin. I loved it. His second recommendation was also solid. The drinks were $11 a piece but I think that given the quality, this is more than reasonable. I was a little tipsy after 2 drinks (which is rare for me) but I did not think that the drinks tasted too strong at all.  All in all, this was a singular experience. Me likey!
