Hopleaf has been on my list of places to try for quite some time. I've put it off because I'm generally not in the area, and after reading the reviews about the pretentious staff, I thought, maybe it's not the place for me. Jury's still out. We went to Hopleaf last night for a late (9pm) dinner after exploring the city for the majority of the afternoon. We were greeted right away by a server in the front bar area, who let us know we could either sit in front and order from the bartender, or see the host toward the back for full service (what is this, a gas station?) We walked toward the back, as I was hopeful for a table on the patio. When we were told it was a 45 minute wait (and the kitchen was only going to be open for about that long) we opted to sit inside, and did so immediately. It seemed to take our server a bit of time to get to our table, maybe because we were in the corner? In the meantime, we were able to choose beverages from the extensive menu, and take in the dcor. I loved the exposed brick and antique artwork. To drink, I had an Original Sin cider, which is from NYC. It was light and crisp, just what I wanted, nothing heavy. My counterpart had a Manheur (sp?) #12, which is dark, but not heavy (I found it comparable to a barley wine.) Neither of us were very hungry, so we decided on the mussels for two, and we told the server we'd split a salad, but hadn't decided on which one. The mussels came out very quickly, and were very tasty. We ordered the Belgian style, the traditional way. I love mussels, people. They *might* be my favorite shellfish (don't tell the oysters.) They were served with a cone of frittes with garlic aioli, and three large chunks of assumingly fresh baked bread for dippage. The server checked on us a few times, but didn't ask about the salad until her third trip back to the table (when we were finished with the mussels/frittes). Had she asked the first time, I would've ordered something, and probably another beverage. But all she said was (while both of our mouths were full) "everything ok?" and as I nodded, she turned on her heels and was gone. Well, her loss for not up-selling us? It was not jam packed busy as some other reviewers have mentioned, maybe we got in at the right time, late on a Sunday? The mussels were very very tasty, and I'd like to go back for a full meal someday.
