I rate this visit to Anteprima at 3.5 stars -- not great, but enjoyable. I probably would not have discovered it, but my companion heard about it from a friend and thought it would be worth a try (and it had been a long time since we'd strolled around Andersonville, so that cinched it). One very curious thing about trying to view Anteprima's website: both Yelp and Google intercepted my request, warning me that my computer might be damaged by malware if I continued to the site. I'd think that Anteprima would fix this, but apparently management doesn't know or doesn't care about it. (NOTE: Subsequent to posting this review with the paragraph above, I received a message from the restaurant's owner stating "we have been talking to google for in excess of a month trying to get the problem fixed. we definitely know and we definitely care In fact, what we have discovered is we have to completely rebuild our website. I'm a bit perplexed that you would make a comment as to the fact that we could not care." In the interest of fairness, I want to acknowledge that management does care about the problem and is trying to fix it.) But on to the food. I'm glad we visited -- the menu is appealing; there are many non-typical Italian plates with some Sicilian dishes and a compact but well-chosen wine list. We came on a weekday, so tried their "prix fixe" deal: $29/diner for a starter, an entre, and either a half-order of pasta or a dessert -- a pretty good deal. A shrimp appetizer was an engaging combo of grilled shrimp and cauliflower in a pleasantly peppery sauce; it was a nice concept, but the shrimp were a little limp. A grilled calamari starter was similarly inventive, but the bite of squid I tasted was a little rubbery and the vinaigrette a bit sharp for my taste. Cauliflower risotto was pleasant enough. A sauted rabbit entre had good flavors, though it was just a little drier that I'd prefer. A braised duck leg with couscous was the star of the show, tender & richly flavored. For dessert, a chocolate hazelnut tart was satisfying, and cappuccino was pricey but acceptably flavorful. Overall, the food was good, but not quite as good as it could have been -- hence 3.5 rather than 4 stars. Anteprima's dining room is homey & relaxing, the music is appropriate and not intrusive (though the room got louder than I prefer as more diners arrived). There's a nice patio out back, too, though the fan noise detracts from the ambiance. Our server was cordial & helpful, and the bussers asked if they might clear plates (rather than snatching them away or asking "are you still working on that?") -- bonus points for good training. I may give Anteprima another try -- there's promise here, and an interesting menu...
