The wife and I stopped in at The Gage this past Friday after the Hopper/Homer exhibit at the Art Institute. When we walked in the restaurant, which was around 5:30pm, we were told it was going to be a 2 1/2 hour wait without reservation! Luckily, we were also told that we could go downstairs where there was a bar and order food. After making our way through the crowded upstairs bar, we found the stairs to the basement bar. I was surprised at how nice it was down below. And how empty. We found a table right away and ordered food and drinks. Apparently, we got there at the right moment because by the end of our meal the downstairs bar was packed. Okay, let's talk about the food. We started off with the Gage Fondue appetizer. According to the menu, the cheese filling was made of butter kaase, brie and spinach. It's served with long strips of toast. And it was fantastic. The folks sitting next to us saw us enjoying ours and ordered one for themselves. There seems to be a lot of recommendations for the Scotch Egg. But if you're with a party where you don't know if everyone is going to be down with eating an egg for an appetizer, you might want to look into the Fondue. For dinner, the wife got the fish and chips. Like many others I'm sure, we had seen the Metromix piece about the fish and chips and wanted to try them out. My wife, who has tired multiple fish and chips dishes around the city, ranked them up with the best. If you didn't catch the TV piece, the fish and chips are wrapped in a newspaper. Check out the photo I've added. I got the prime burger with blue cheese, and it was one of the best burgers I have had in this city. And the chips or fries were extremely tasty as well although they give you way more than you could possibly eat. My only complaint for The Gage is the price. $17 for fish and chips?!? $16 for a burger?!? Come on! Still, I knew beforehand of the extreme prices so I wasn't shocked. However, the inflated prices will certainly deter me from making The Gage a regular spot. Of course, if you live or work in the area, it might be the perfect place to meet up for drinks and enjoy an amazing appetizer. And if you in the mood to splurge, an amazing meal as well.
