Two lovely lady-friends and I were drawn into Kinzie by the allure of their Fall Prix Fixe menu* - three courses for $20! Who doesn't love a deal like that? The first course was a choice between seafood chowder and chopped salad. As the seafood chowder was in a tomato-based broth (something my inner Cape Cod-der cannot stomach), I went with the chopped salad. This course came out lightning-fast - beating our drinks to the table and giving the impression that our dishes had been sitting in the kitchen awaiting us rather than being fresh-made/laddled when we ordered. The salad itself was wholly underwhelming. There was far too much dressing and it was unceremoniously plopped in one big glob on top of the lettuce. My dining companions had the soup. While eating, one of them summed it up perfectly when she asked, spoon in hand, "Where's the seafood? Is this it?" holding up a piece of fish. The main course was a choice of ten ounce rib-eye with mac & cheese, butternut squash ravioli, chicken pot pie, and perhaps one other option. We all went with the steak - this is a steakhouse, no? Bad choice. I had a pretty terrible cut of meat. I realize it 's the prix fixe menu, but don't you want to entice me to come back? And the mac & cheese! This was, undoubtedly, the most horrifying mac & cheese that ever lived. A veritable affront to the entire genre. The sauce was all butter - no cheese. Even when salted to death it was just... bland, bad. Yick. My plate was eventually taken away about as full as it was when it was brought out. Dessert, however, was delicious. We all went with the pumpkin cheesecake ('tis the season) and all absolutely loved it. If Kinzie were to morph into a dessert-only place, I'd be a huge fan. Sadly, this wonderful dessert coming after such a lackluster meal does little to alleviate the general disappointment. * Were you there recently and unaware of the Prix Fixe menu? Yeah, you had to know to ask for the special menu... it's kind of a secret, apparently.
