Stayed here for a conference so I had no choice in the matter. Despite everything being fully paid for, I would not stay here again even if my stay was paid for OR if you paid me to stay here. I'm not going to be drastic - there were no bugs in my bed, the floors were clean-ish and to their credit, the cleaning staff was incredibly nice. It's not like this place is a dump. However, it just didn't feel like a nice hotel (which, at the rate they charge, it really should be). I've stayed at Four Points which are nicer than this place in both hospitality and cleanliness. Let's talk about the hospitality. The front desk people here are RUDE! Almost downright insulting rude. The first day I came in to check in the guy at the front desk asked me in a very accusing way "are you here to check in or what do you want?". UHM why else would I be standing in the registration line? Then I asked if I could apply my Starwoods number to the stay and he said sure and handed me a Gold key. I was excited because sometimes conference don't let you apply your starwoods numbers to get credit. PLUS, I am one night away from Platinum and was excited to make Platinum. So off I go into my room. Like other reviewers said, no upgrades unless you're platinum. I didn't hear anything about a concierge level or ANY benefits that the hotel provided (probably because there are none that are free). NOBODY asked me if I needed help with my bags, nobody wished me a good day. Nobody told me where my conference registration was. And this is just check-in. Check out was worse. I got a voicemail saying I will be getting a bill under my door in the morning. I woke up at 8am, no bill. I went downstairs to check that I made platinum (I was one night away) and also to check out, and get a bill (I like to have a copy of these things). The woman at the front desk was terse and curt with me. She said that no, I was still Gold, that no points or stays will be added to my stay because it was a conference. Man, I wish the guy who checked in had told me that instead of getting my hopes up. She then said that she could not provide me with a bill of any sort because it was being paid for by the conference even though I know for a fact that extra expenses are not paid for by the conference. She offered no explanation and treated me with no respect. I left feeling very upset at not having made platinum after being such a long standing SPG member (and frequent traveler) and having offered no consolation. I asked where the Java Lounge storage room was and she said "downstairs". Well ladies and gentlemen, she was wrong. I finally found the luggage storage area which was not downstairs but was on the same level and was SCOLDED by a Sheraton staff member for not wearing my conference name tag. By now I was both upset at my conference and with Starwoods for providing such an upsetting experience. I know this review sounds more like "I'm upset because I didn't make Platinum" instead of "This place sucks" but I would say that there is a right way to approach customers and a wrong way to approach customers and I would say that the front desk and members of the staff here (cleaning staff excluded) were the rudest hotel staff members I have ever experienced at ANY Starwoods hotel. I thought for a minute it was because I'm a Southerner in Chicago but then realized that no, I have stayed at the W City Center in Chicago before and everyone who works there (from the guy who opens the door for you to the people who check you in) are more than accommodating, nice, and a fresh breath of air when you are away from home. I will end this review with a review on the catering here. The vegetarian options are good, the cookies are hard and way too huge, pound cake and any baked goods are always dry, and there is a wider variety of soda than water. Oh, and the beds were not comfortable. Please don't even book this place as your wedding hotel as you will probably be more upset than me with your experience.
