In a complete food coma right now after my first experience with this restaurant. You don't have to take this review with a grain of salt: I didn't have any preconceptions because I've never seen Rick Bayless on any of those competition shows and find him to be a bland tv personae and while I love food but am not a foodie. Anyway don't bother with reservations: there is a bar with some of the tastiest cocktails I've had in many years there where you can happily wait with everyone else. We were quoted a 2 hour wait, but we're seated much sooner in a primo 4 top on the sidewalk patio. We couldn't believe our luck.  As I said treat yourself to a cocktail: the blueberry mojito or the summertime margarita with the cucumber juice were both original and exciting, and more importantly perfectly balanced delicious drinks. This restaurant's forte is clearly presenting fresh ingredients, and always making each dish- whether its the side scoop of rice, or the dash of sauce accompanying a relleno-and giving it a twist, a nuance, that makes each dish's flavor complex. You could taste the fresh corn in the tortilla, the different smoked flavor in each peice of meat, and the ceviche we sampled was the best fish experience I've ever had. Not everything was outrageously good- my rellenos were a little bit of a let down- but everything was fresh, and everything had a curious flavor if you looked for it. The restaurant experience was everything you want for a special occassion. The restaurant is full of people of all types, the servers are friendly and knowledgeable, and they clearly stress a pretension-free atmosphere from the staff. That's so key: I can't stand being talked down to by a server esp. since I used to be one. We were so relaxed we let the server upsell us all over, but nothing we tasted wasn't worth the experience. Even the guacamole was creamy and subtley different... It was a destination restaurant that lived up to a certain level of hype. We really were happy with a group because we shared our food all around and got to try a hundred different flavors which made the experience much richer. I don't think I'd go back with just my partner- definitely with a group who you can talk and laugh with while you wait for a table. It was a fun night, and no area was wanting: great service, and really fun good food.
