i finally tried hot doug's! since i live in chicago, i didn't want to venture over to hot doug's on a weekend to wait over an hour in line (although this means no duck frit fries), so i went with the BF on a weekday right after lunch rush (well around 1). we waited for about 45 mins and then placed our order with mr. doug. we tried to order a large soda but was told that since there are free refills, we should just get small (um, why would you say no to that?).  considering we waited in line for so long, we didn't want to order just 2 dogs and leave feeling hungry (cuz we were not going to stand in line AGAIN) so we ordered the fois gras duck sausage, bacon sausage, the Dog (chicago style) with everything and a small order of cheese fries.  the fois gras duck sausage was sooo good. it was so smooth and tasty. i didn't like the bacon sausage too much - it came with onions and brie cheese but compared to the duck sauage, the bacon sausage's flavor and texture just wasn't as great. the chicago style dog was not the best - the celery salt was really heavy - but then again, that one was only 1.75 (tax included). and the cheese fries... were oh so delicious! they do not go cheap on the cheese or the fries actually. a small is def enough for 2 people and you don't have to fight over the cheese. i pretty much ate the whole order myself though because i thought the fries were really good (i was afraid i would be disappointed in not having duck frit fries but yea.. the cheese fries def made me happy enough). everything other than the special dogs are pretty cheap here. the prices on the menu are tax included so you can calculate your total quite easily so you know you have enough cash (that is exactly what we did because we forgot about the cash only policy till we were in line but thankfully BF had enough). the specials are kind of pricey but then you can't find it anywhere else! i would come again (on a weekday to hopefully not wait in a long line) to try the special dogs (going to skip the basic ones) plus order those cheese fries. and yelpers are correct - there is always an empty table. i think they have a policy where you can't sit at a table until you order your food, which totally makes sense. people can't hog up tables while waiting so that the people actually trying to eat can have tables to sit on! this way, you will always be able to find a table to open for you when its finally your turn to eat.
