This is the ULTIMATE sausage shop. Greatest sausage I've ever had. seriously. If this shop were sponsored by Squaresoft or Origin, it would be called ULTIMA SAUSAGE. Apparently Doug went to Kendall Culinary School in Chicago, but then decided that ENCASED MEATS were his life calling, and he opened up this temple to delicious sausages of all sorts (made by himself of course). So hear's the lowdown. There's pretty much always a line. Deal with it. expect it. It probably takes about 30-40 minutes to get through on a typical day. While in line you survey the vast selection of gourmet sausages, and classics like the classic chicago dog, andouille, louisiana hotlinks, etc. They have DUCK FAT FRIES on Fri and Sat. Yes you heard me. Best. fries. evah. When you get to the counter, you order directly from Hot Doug himself. Doug is very friendly and cracks some hilarious jokes. No condescension. He just shares with you a mutual love of the encased meats. You can customize your condiments as much as you like. He also gives you the option for preparing the sausages: grilled or steamed. A few of the sausages I had (I'll post a pic of the menu from the wall as well): -Cognac and Hazelnut Pheasant Sausage, with black truffle mustard, foie gras mousse, and some course salt sprinkled on top. As I was eating this, my life flashed before my eyes, and I wanted to tell my parents I loved them. and then it was done. and I wanted another. -the classic Chicago dog. The classic chicago dog (for the uninitiated) is a boiled/steamed Vienna Beef hot dog with sliced tomatoes, relish, onions, a long dill pickle, and celery salt. Doug's has grilled onions instead of the raw onions, and he recommended I get it grilled instead. he was right of course. -the spicy smoked alligator sausage, with shrimp remoulade and a peppery brie-like cheese (affinois? thanks michael l!). Spicy and exotic, it was just exciting to eat a formerly endangered species....haha. but seriously, everything came together beautifully on this sausage. -citrus burgundy pork sausage, with course dijon mustard and smoked gouda chunks. people that know me know that I love pork. I'm chinese. This sausage made me want to propose marriage to pork. you know. like the scene in harold and kumar. -the Ribeye sausage, with horseradish cream sauce and fried onion strings. This was (as the name) a very "pure" sausage. just encased ribeye--the grind was rather course as well. a complete departure from your standard spiced sausages. -smoked duck with chili-garlic aiolli, blue cheese, and drizzled with honey. I didn't think I'd ever get better duck sausages than the rosamunde grill in SF. Doug proved me wrong, happily. I took pics of all of these, and posted them here.... so check em out. oh and don't forget to get your DUCK FAT FRIES I can't recommend this place any more. seriously. the only thing that could make it better would be a large selection of finely crafted beer. :)
