I'm no expert on Cuban food, but after reading all the rave reviews about 90 Miles, I decided to try it out with my friend who was in town for the weekend. He was also impressed by the reviews (and that says a lot because I'd consider him a food snob), so we went on a Saturday night around 7:30pm. We brought a bottle of rum - a friend of mine who had eaten there said they will make an amazing pitcher of mojitos for $10.  The atmosphere is pretty cool, even though the location is not desirable. Great music and fun Cuban decor. Definitely the sort of place you go to just for the food - kind of dive-y and really small inside, but great outdoor patios. Unfortunately, they closed the patio right when we arrived because of a few sprinkles of rain. So we ended up sitting inside.  To start, the mojito pitcher was the first disappointment. I guess if you're looking to drink glass after glass of rum with a very mild minty flavor, this is your drink. But I wasn't a fan - and it took forever to get 2 glasses with ice in which to drink it. Our server was really enthusiastic about stuff on the menu and recommended a few appetizers - the croquettes and a shrimp/garlic/tomato/plantain type biscuit. Both were good, but nothing I'm dying to eat again. My friend ordered the skirt steak, and I ordered the pork after our server raved about it. I was not particularly impressed by the pork, and my friend agreed it was not the best pork he'd ever had. I liked his skirt steak, but we both thought it was pretty fatty.  This might just not be my kind of food; I don't think I'll be back anytime soon. I ended up wishing I had taken my friend to Cafe 28 (even though that's a totally different atmosphere). Perhaps 90 Miles is better for lunch/their Cuban sandwiches? Also, we were a bit irritated because about 20 minutes after we sat down, they suddenly started seating people outside again even though the hostess told us we couldn't go outside because they had sent all the servers home. I also watched our server sneeze into his hands outside and then proceed with the night... without washing them.
