You have to understand I'm a San Franciscan who starts to shriek like a little girl when the temperature dips below 40. OK, maybe not shriek...just silently moan. OK, maybe not so silently since I hate how I have to take an inventory of all my clothing every time I move from place to place this time of year. Well, in the midst of this wintry turmoil, I was determined to try a Chinatown restaurant in Chicago, so I took the Red Line down to come to Lao Sze Chuan. The editorial staff at Citysearch picks it as the city's best Chinese restaurant, so I took the leisurely walk down Cermak to find it since I loves me some Szechuan food. I was tickled to see the Yelp sticker on the door, so things looked promising. The elaborate hotpot dishes looked good from afar (...it's just sukiyaki to me!), but I was by my lonesome and didn't have quite the appetite to Hoover a whole hotpot myself. I have to tell you they are none too pleased by the presence of single diners during the dinner hour. Every table accommodates at least four, so I must have represented a net revenue loss by taking a whole table to myself. You should have seen the face of the veteran waitress when she saw me. You would have thought I invaded Manchuria single-handed. I felt guilty enough to volunteer to share a table, but all the diners came in groups of four. I guess I could have eaten in the kitchen. So my alternate plan was to eat like four people, not the first time my mind came to the feeble conclusion of overeating to feed my basic insecurities. I was first treated to their fiery pickled cabbage appetizer, which nearly burned my tongue and lips off concurrently. I loved it. Suddenly I went predictable and ordered a $1.95 cup of Won Ton Soup (see my photo). Small bowl, two won ton. That would be considered a double-fault at Wimbledon. Things looked better with the $10.95 Chef's Special Crispy Duck (see my photo) - definitely a hefty portion, but the meat was strangely dried out. It came with a plum sauce, but I usually don't need that much lubricant when it comes to parsing out Daffy and Donald. I had to remind them to bring me my order of the $7.95 Chinese eggplant in garlic sauce (see my photo). They probably couldn't believe I was tossing it down my gullet. Well, they were kinda right since the eggplant gave me a long night of heartburn. But it was tasty going down. The decor is very simple here, just a single room in a calming peach tone from what I saw (though I noticed a second floor when I walked outside, perhaps a private dining room?). Lots of people came in and out with a lot of regulars who knew what they wanted. The comprehensive menu overwhelmed me quite a bit. I wish I could have gotten more of a recommendation from the staff. By the way, except for the grizzled veteran, the staff was very nice to me throughout. FOOD - 3 stars...not the best Szechuan I've ever had...I shall be prepared to be pelted with stones AMBIANCE - 3 stars...pretty simple set-up though it would be nice if they could accommodate single diners with large appetites like me SERVICE - 3.5 stars...if it weren't for that initial glare, I would have given them four stars TOTAL - 3 stars...I need to bring friends with me next time 'cause those hotpots looked pretty darn good
