Five stars for a "Korean" place that serves hot wings but no booze? Yep, that's right. The formula is actually quite simple: Tasty Food + Hefty Portions + Low Prices + Friendly Service = 5 Stars It's amazing more restaurants don't know how to pull off this combo. But Crisp does it with flying colors. I had dinner there with a group of friends last night and the consensus around the table was that the place serves some damn good chicken. Some things to note if it's your first time there: - If you're in the mood for their fried chicken, I would recommend ordering a whole chicken and doing a half-and-half. I got the Seoul Sassy and the BBQ and they're both really good. Just be prepared to take some of it home because you get a mess load of chicken. - When you order a whole chicken, you can get a 1 lb portion of the sides for the cost of a 1/2 pound. Such a great deal! I ordered the People's Choice Green Awards, which were basically all of the veggies that come with a Bi Bim Bop. Good choice in case you're looking to balance out all the fried goodness that is your chicken. But my friend got the fried mushrooms and they were fantastic as well (especially with the spicy mayo dipping sauce). - If you're not in the mood for chicken, Crisp also has sandwiches, burritos, rice dishes and salads. While I'm sure they're good, I probably would just order more chicken the next time I go back. - I believe Crisp is booze-free, which means you can't order any alcohol there nor can you bring any in. But they do have an assortment of beverages, including some Asian drinks. Go for the barley tea -- it contrasts well with the tanginess of the chicken. - Speaking of little things -- Crisp has these nifty paper towel dispensers on each table. They're the type where there's tension built in that allows you to rip off a sheet with one hand, thus not contaminating the roll with your other greased up hand. So handy and efficient! - The place is cash only for now but I believe they'll be accepting credit cards very very soon. - The owner (I think), Doug, is a really friendly guy who really makes an effort with his customers. I really appreciate it when an owner really takes an interest in making sure that you enjoy your meal. As cliched as it sounds, it truly is the little things that count. Go check out Crisp! You won't regret it!
