I have given this place two chances in the last three months and I am done! Last night three of us went out for dinner and we started with seafood gumbo. The seafood was not fresh and it tasted terribly fishy and it smelled awful. When we informed our waiter, he was put off and proceeded to write us off for the rest of the evening. He reprimanded us about later about trying to order small salads before our entrees arrived. You see we were hungry and our entrees were taking forever. He said sternly, "I thought you said you were just going to wait for your entrees."  The entrees came and we were equally disappointed. I had some of the worst catfish ever, and the hush puppies that came with the dish were cold and so dense that they could have been used for golf balls. My partner's Chicken Benne was flavorless and also not hot. They seem to have a problem getting hot food out of the kitchen. And it took 55 minutes to get our entrees. No complimentary bread, no boiled peanuts as was once customary in this restaurant, and no politeness on the part of the waitstaff. Other problems: 1) I had an old menu that had been discontinued. My dinner mates had the "true" menu...so there were items on my old menu that were no longer available...and no apology. 2. It is cold in the restaurant...the heat is sparse and the door opens continuously making it really uncomfortably cold inside. 3. They appear to be rationing Splenda and other sweeteners, as we had three premium $5 iced teas and asked for sweetener...the waiter returned with three packets. 4. All three of us got horrible diarrhea later in the evening because of the Seafood Gumbo which was clearly spoiled and filled with seafood that was not fresh. 5. Their mardi gras menu made absolutely no sense...not user friendly, not easy to make sense of, and unappealing to the eye. 6. One of the water glasses was soiled with lipstick from a previous patron. RUN THE OTHER WAY...WISHBONE DOES SOUTHERN MUCH, MUCH BETTER FOR A THIRD OF THE PRICE WITH NONE OF THE ATTITUDE AND WISHBONE'S FOOD IS ACTUALLY GOOD AND SERVED HOT AND FRESH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
