THIS RESTAURANT WILL ALLOW YOU TO MAKE RESERVATIONS, BUT WILL NOT HONOR IT UPON YOUR ARRIVAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! A couple of months ago, I dined at Big Jones for the first time. Knowing that it is a very popular breakfast/brunch spot in the city, we were sure to make reservations. When we arrived, they had absolutely no record of us even calling. Fortunately, the wait that day wasn't too long, so we were seated promptly. Little did we know that being seated doesn't actually mean that you will receive any service. (I would compare it to getting excited when a nurse calls your name in a waiting room only to have to wait another hour for the doctor to actually see you.) Once we were finally served it took forever to get coffee and our beignet appetizer arrived AFTER we finished our meal. It was so loud that we were barely even able to hear our server. The food was good so we decided to return, chalking the experience up to an "off" day at the restaurant. So, we made reservations again - this time through Open Table - for a noon brunch this past Sunday, April Fool's Day. The reservation was originally for 2, but we called a couple of hours before arriving and added an extra diner. We were told over the phone that we might have to wait for about 10 minutes upon arrival. No big deal. We arrived exactly at noon. The hostess said, "I see you have reservations for 2?" I had to remind her of the third member of our party. She told us that we would have to wait 25 minutes to be seated. Instead of offering to send us to the bar (increasing revenue for the establishment), she offered to call me on my cell phone in 25 minutes. Since there was nowhere there to wait, we headed over to Hamburger Mary's for a cocktail. In exactly 25 minutes, we walked back over expecting to be seated. We were told that we would have to WAIT ANOTHER 35 MINUTES!!!! They had supposedly attempted to call, but couldn't get through.  At any other restaurant my reservation would have been honored. If not, the host/hostess would have been apologetic, we would have been directed to the bar for a drink and we would have been told that the very next available table would be ours (not "hours" lol). At Big Jones, the host very rudely stated, "well, since you didn't answer the phone, you're just going to have to wait." Who says that to customers???? The atmosphere may be cute and the food may be good, but here are way too many great restaurants in the area who provide fantastic customer service. Unless you are visiting the city from out of state or a neighboring burb and just want a trendy dining experience, do not waste your time here.
