This review pertains to actually staying at theWit Doubletree. As the novelty and shine wears off this hotel (already displaying maintenance UNaddress problems both in rooms and public areas), along with staff that are just doing their jobs; will theWit continue to be rebooked, doubt it. First and most importantly, theWit should start to realize Diamond Honor Members are the most active loyal REPEAT customer their hotel will book.  If they have no respect for these valuable Hilton members the word will get out and they will go to LOTS of other choices in the city of Chicago. theWit staff not only turned off this SET of members from ever returning, but makes us question why we are so loyal to Hilton!  We were willing to try to experience what all the buzz was about for a VERY special evening event and theWit TOTALLY let us down from the Front Desk check-in to you name it. By the way, The Roof bartenders do not know how to make a large variety of drinks correctly, especially for the price.  The wait staff are only interested in serving the younger trying to be hip customers, even to the point of ignoring a hand up in air signal. Believe us, there are plenty of better views, trendy bars with classy people in attendance!The room size of their regular rooms are nothing to compare to other Chicago hotels. The square sink is ridiculous and non functional, the shower apparatus needs to be removed and replaced with something that actually functions and gives some water pressure/flow. Room service is a joke, got order totally wrong after long wait.  Top it off, every hotel we have ever stayed at for a special event has sent some sort of item to room as special touch from management. This was noted on reservation and called ahead to ask for Honors upgrade was mentioned again.  We will be returning to our tried and true luxurious Chicago Conrad Hilton who knows how to treat loyal Hilton REPEAT members!!! We will not be recommending this hotel to our customers, friends or anyone how asks!
