Gino's East was on our list of food places we had to hit up in Chicago and we were delighted to find that it was literally next door to the Affinia Hotel where we were staying. When we checked into the hotel, around 6PM, we were a little disheartened by the length of the dinner line, and decided we'd check it for lunch the next day...best idea ever. Fearing a huge line we got there early, about 20 minutes before opening. This proved entirely unnecessary. On weekdays, we later observed, it seemed like more people came for dinner and that you could pretty much just walk in for lunch. Unless you want to waste hours waiting in line (on top of the 45 minutes it takes for your pizza to come out), you really ought to consider this place for lunch - the menu is the same and your time (which if your are only visiting the city is probably precious) is better utilized. We ordered a medium deep dish 'Meaty Legend' and some mozzarella cheese sticks to help keep us going while we waited for the pizza. The cheese sticks were monstrous, delicious and a good sneak preview of what was to come. The pizza was tasty - but overwhelming. We probably made a mistake by ordering the pie stacked with peperoni, sausage, and Canadian bacon - which were plentiful to the point of being a distraction from the basic elements of the pizza: the crust, the sauce, and the cheese. Believe the servers when they say a small pizza is enough for two - or be prepared to take leftovers (which is fine since this stuff tastes great at room temp or out of the fridge). I can't compare this to any other Chicago style pizza establishments, but I can certainly say Gino's didn't disappoint and was way better than any of the generic chain deep dish versions I've had (i.e. Unos). And to those who whine about how NY pizza is better - it's okay to have a preference - but shut up already. The two styles are practically different foods and can't be directly compared. Both taste delicious - so why not agree that when in Chicago enjoy deep dish and when in NY enjoy thin crust?
