As far as I am concerned, the best BBQ place in the USA is in a gas station (OK Joes in Kansas City), and most BBQ places worth anything are far from glamorous looking places. So when I saw the Veuve Clicquot umbrellas outside, and the stylish interior of Chicago q, I was skeptical to say the least. I simply had never been to an upscale BBQ restaurant before. I was expecting to be served overpriced and underflavored BBQ, but living only a couple of blocks away, I had to try it.  As the saying goes: don't judge a book by its cover. The BBQ at Chicago q was very good. Having tried the Kobe beef brisket and the St. Louis style ribs, I know that someone in the back of this posh restaurant really does know how to smoke meat. The kobe brisket was incredibly rich, tender, and flavorful. The ribs were not quite falling off the bone, but close to it. They had a distinct smoky flavor and i really liked the dry rub that Chicago q uses. And although it is a classy place, they don't skimp on the portion sizes whatsoever, which would be a sin at a BBQ joint. Beyond the meat, the sauces were quite good. I liked the spicy sauce, although it could have been a bit spicier. The mild is a good sweet option. I personally don't like mustard based sauces, but my companions have seemed to like it. The sides also were very good. Both cornbread options are great (honey butter and Jalapeno cheddar), and the brled mac & cheese is also delicious. The fries are better than average, but not outstanding.  As you might expect, this place is a bit more expensive then your average BBQ joint, but I think that the high quality food makes it worth the trip. The service was also good, and I have to say, being able to get a reservation at a BBQ place is not something that I will complain about.  BBQ purists might look down on Chicago q, but in my view, it is perhaps an improvement on, or at the very least, an evolution in BBQ dining. I very much look forward to going back several times and working my way through the rest of the menu!
