Glenn's Diner is a small restaurant in my neighborhood that serves some of the best seafood I've ever had. You'd never guess that by the name. Most unknowing folks figure it's going to be patty melts and BLT's. But this place has great, high quality food, even if your not a seafood lover, they have many other menu choices as well. We love going to Glenn's and used to go at least once a week. Now, we only go about once or twice a month. In fact the only reason I didn't give Glenn's five stars is that they've gotten so busy (which is good, I'm glad people are supporting them) that I think their service is starting to suffer a little. 9 times out of 10 I'd say we get seated relatively quickly, and have a great server that offers good service. They are friendly and attentive. On rare occasions, we'll get a server that is friendly, but isn't very attentive because they are so busy that it becomes hard for them to handle and you can see and feel their frustration. However, the dinning room attendants are amazing! They seem to anticipate your every need. They've even brought us refills when our server was too busy. Recently we made reservations for one of their specialty nights. I was unable to go at the last minute, but heard from those that did go that even though they had reservations they ended up having to wait 45 minutes for a table. Now, this would be understandable if every table in the house was full, but they had empty tables and were seating walk-ins at those. I read another review that had a similar experience. I feel that if you have a reservation you should have priority seating and walk-ins should have to wait the 45 minutes. I think they need to rethink the way they handle their reservations. Overall though, this a great, no, awesome place and we'll definitely go back, again and again. By the way, the Manager is extremely friendly and accommodating. I saw that someone else had posted something negative about her and all I can say is perhaps she had a bad night that night because she's always been nothing but professional and friendly to us. In fact, most of the time she recognizes us when we come in. She may not know our names, but knows we've been there many times and always says, Its great to see you again" or "thanks for coming in again". She was very accommodating to my friends that had to wait for their reserved table. In fact she did more than what was necessary to correct the situation but it was very much appreciated nonetheless! Go to Glenn's, but know before you go, it's not exactly what you would consider diner food and is not diner prices. It's not overly expensive either. I'd say mid-range. Despite my comment above, I highly recommend making reservations, especially on their specialty nights otherwise you could find yourself waiting for quite a long time to get a seat. In either case, it's worth the wait.
