Came here on Christmas Day (yikes!) with the bf's family and my mom. It was crowded of course (being Christmas we expected lots of people) but we were seated promptly which was nice (FYI they would not seat us until all of our party was together, so if people are running late, etc. plan accordingly). We refused to pay the $11.99 valet service fee. really? The ambiance of Sunda is nice, with warm lights and Asian inspired decor. However, it is LOUD. I could barely hear myself think. My mom, who has trouble hearing, could barely make out anything people were saying right next to her, let alone the waiter talking about the menu at the other end. We basically had to shout at one another at one table.They had music playing, which in the end, was not needed as people's voices took over any sound in the speakers. gross. They have Sapporo on tap, so that's good. My mom wanted a mango ice tea. Several minutes later, servers set down two carafes of plain ice tea and soda water. They then set down mango and pomegranate syrup so we could mix the flavors into our drink of choice. A nice effort, but there was no explanation of how much syrup to mix in a glass, or why we had to mix our own drinks in the first place. We had to help my mom get her own glass of mango ice tea because she didn't understand the concept, and really...I can't blame her. Appetizers were decent but overpriced in my opinion. Everyone seemed to be raving about the brussel sprout salad, but I...just didn't like it. It felt overcooked but no one else complained, so I guess I have weird tastes. The egg rolls tasted like hot dogs, and the crab dish we ordered came in a pot of cooked hot peppers that seemed only to serve as decoration since the crab itself was not spicy. I will say...the shrimp toast with tuna "jam" was the best thing we ordered. I usually don't eat tuna, but this was amazing and the textures were just right. I recommend it highly! The entrees were better. We ordered chicken, sea bass, braised short rib, and pork. The ribs fell right off the bone and was seasoned nicely. The chicken was decent, but nothing to write home about. The pork skin was a little too crispy for my taste, but otherwise delicious. The bass was cooked perfectly and tasted great (I recommend that one too!). We were pretty full by this point, but we ordered a few desserts to try. My mom insisted on the chocolate lava cake, which was AMAZING. I love chocolate and anything that oozes chocolate, so that was a win. The fried ice cream also gets my vote..for some reason it tasted like something from my childhood, which brought back crazy memories of summer for some reason. The chef's special dessert of the evening was a walnut/caramel cake with strawberry compote and that was...interesting but not my fave; I found it to be on the heavier side than the rest of the desserts. all in all, an enjoyable experience but I'm not sure if I want to return. Too pricey for what you get; and what you get is a loud room with mediocre appetizers.
