I'm spoiled enough to get Fox & Obel catered/brought in for work lunches from time to time, and I can't complain.  We finally came here to the market to eat dinner (first time) before we caught the advanced screening of Be Kind Rewind. Between the four of us, we ordered the turkey brie sandwich, grilled veggie sandwich, sweet potato fries, butternut squash and chestnut soup, turkey panini, and the 1/2 lb burger. All the sandwiches were a little pricey, about $8-$9, but it was soooo good! The burger was at fair market value at $10 -- a steal since it was 1/2 lb. Everything was prepared and flavored so well. They really know how to make their sandwiches here. The fries were skinny crispy fries, and not too oily either - so good! My turkey panini was yummy - the bread was prepared like the bread of a grilled cheese sandwich, with turkey, peppers, tomato, (and of course butter). It was oily/buttery, but I didn't mind b/c the combination of flavors made up for it. They managed to serve the burger medium on a kaiser-type roll - which was a pleasant surprise considering how many restaurants these days overcook their beef. I've had the grilled veggie sandwich here before which was really good (had portobello mushrooms in it), and I'm a carnivore... and the sweet potato fries were scrumptious! Some of the sandwich options came with their chips, which is a good alternative if you don't want fries. The chips are freshly baked and are thickly sliced. I didn't try the soup (our friends ordered it), and I took off 1 star b/c the server was confused by our soup order.. she claimed that we ordered a chicken soup with chestnut as a garnish, when we noted that the soup for Tuesdays WAS butternut squash AND chestnut.. She didn't seem to believe us and almost wanted to argue with us, which was really annoying. In the end, she brought out the right soup, so we brushed it off. Other things that I've tried here (via catered lunches) include the shrimp salad sandwich (yummy but fatty), the turkey cranberry sandwich (Hellooo.... thanksgiving dinner in a sandwich - need I say more), and the BLT. You honestly can't go wrong here. They also have truffle fries here and salads, which, to be honest, I wouldn't recommend ordering a salad here when you have such great sandwich/panini options. There were also entree selections (steaks, etc.), and desserts too. I do live their GUS drinks (Grown Up Sodas), and they have ginger ale, grapefruit, and orange flavors -- i prefer the citrus over the ginger ale here.  One thing we didn't take advantage of due to our time crunch was the actual gourmet market. Being inside a gourmet market for me is like a child in a candy store.. I wanted to see, touch, smell everything.. but I'll have to save that for next time. Their bakery section looked so good, and I hear they make a mean cheese platter.  Fox & Obel - watch out!! In the words of Arnold Schwarzenegger... I'll be back.  I have hope that Fox & Obel can redeem themselves and gain their 1 star back.
