3.5 stars went this past sunday to use the groupon i purchased ages ago. there was no menu (no-menu sundays) but they did call us ahead of time and asked if we wanted the 4 course menu or the 7 course menu. unlike some other establishments, everyone in your group has to get the same menu. they also asked if there were any allergies in the group. we drove over to the restaurant and were surprised to see that it was such an unassuming place. we almost drove passed it but good thing i was looking out for the numbers! we entered the restaurant and i was a little surprised at how tiny the restaurant is. decor is very simple, plain, minimalistic. we were immediately seated and our waiter took our wine bottle to get corked and double checked my food allergy (shrimp) and confirmed that we wanted to go with the 4 course. we debated going with the 7 course but the hubby had a lot of work to do that night and had an early AM flight the next morning so we stuck with the 4 course. all 4 courses were great, and the presentation was wonderful. the food is asian influenced and very foodie-esque. my favorite of the night was the lamb dish which included lamb sausage, lamb tenderloin, a medley of mushrooms, turnips, and some other veggies. the beignets and ice cream were also a great finish. so, with all this great praise, why the 3.5 star review? after our first 2 courses, my hubby and i looked at each other and were like, "we are going to need another dinner after this is over." the 4 course dinner + an espresso cost us about $100 which means dinner was $50/person. for the amount of food that we get, $50 is not cheap and we should definitely not be leaving hungry. i get that it's BYOB and corkage would have run us $25/bottle (or more) but they definitely have built in the free corkage fee into their cost of the food. good thing we had that Groupon... maybe they should start serving some bread?? food was good but we left hungry so i went home and made some more food. date night is supposed to mean no cooking!!
