For about a year or so, every time I have had a great or terrible experience at a restaurant, doctor, or auto body shop, I have said "I am going to sign up for Yelp so I can review this place and tell everyone how awful/amazing it is!!" My friends would say "yeah right, you say that about every place and you've never actually done it."  Well, I have finally found the place that made me quit procrastinating and do it. I feel like a bit of a traitor to my beloved San Francisco, writing my first review for an out-of-state bar, but the Violet Hour truly deserves it.  While visiting my mother for Thanksgiving, things had begun to get a bit tense- as things tend to do while visiting one's mother. Being a bit of a cocktail enthusiast, this bar was pretty much the only thing on my to-do list for the weekend. We spent the day exploring Wicker Park in the blistering cold, and when Mom got tired, we decided we were ready for a drink. I had heard great things about all aspects of The Violet Hour, but somehow wasn't prepared for just how gorgeous the interior was. High ceilings, heavy floor-length velvet curtains, and everything in a stunning shade of dusky violet (with purple being a *very* close second for my favorite color, this earns major points). The high-backed chairs reminiscent of Alice in Wonderland were enticing, but I always prefer to sit at the bar, chat with the bartender, and watch as my drinks are being made. Luckily, we got there minutes after they opened, so there was no line or wait and we could sit where we pleased (I noticed maybe 20-30 minutes later the place had become completely packed). Always indecisive, I was a bit overwhelmed by the cocktail menu. Everything sounded incredible. I told our bartender, Henry, that while I normally drink the standard whiskey drinks (Manhattans, Old-Fashioned, Sazeracs), I was open to trying something new. He recommended the Woolworth Manhattan, which was not on the menu- Buffalo Trace, Cynar, Carpano Antica sweet vermouth, angosturra bitters, and house-made bitters. It was excellent- perfectly in balance, with a subtle hint of root beer flavor. My mother, who had just been introduced to whiskey by me just two days earlier (and had not been a fan), actually found it quite palatable. As for Mom, a non-cocktail drinker who I've never seen sip anything other than red wine, I picked out the Juliet and Romeo- Beefeater Gin, mint, cucumber, and rosewater. I know her taste well, and she was thrilled with the selection, although she found it a tad too sweet- there must have been some simple syrup in there that the drink could have done without. For my second drink, I wanted to try something totally different, that I wouldn't be able to find back home. I asked Henry what he thought of Bankers, Beggars and Brides- a concoction of Cynar, whole egg, St. Elizabeth allspice dram and nutmeg. He said it was uniqe and interesting, kind of a bartenders' favorite. It sounded like precisely what I was looking for--and I was right. It was perfect. The cynar base gave it a pleasing bitterness and the allspice dram, a Jamaican rum distilled from fermented molasses and flavored with clove, cinnamon, and nutmeg, gave it a spicy warmth that made me almost forget about the freezing weather we would soon be venturing back into. I wanted to text message this drink to my friends back home. Since Mom had already downed her one cocktail for the night, Henry whipped up a non-alcoholic mixture to keep her occupied consisting of house-made grapefruit bitters and I think some citrus juices, free of charge. It was delicious! When the check came, Henry had taken care of one of our cocktails as well.  When it was time to leave, I was devastated. Sure, San Francisco has Bourbon & Branch, Orbit Room, and Beretta, among many other places to drink fabulous cocktails in style, but never have I been to any other bar that gets EVERYTHING right the way the Violet Hour does. Lucky for Mom--now I have incentive to visit again.
