I love this place with all of my Fulton River heart!!! I live super close and make a point of going there every other week. It does get a little pricey but I swear it's worth the penny pinching the rest of the pay period. Here are some insider tips that I have to say really do pay off when you have business clients in and/or want to show off a Chicago Hot Spot to friends: (01) The best bar isn't the front as everyone would normally think.....it's actually in the back by the full service restaurant. I discovered this one day when the front was packed..as usual. The best part about this little bar is that the bartender "sometimes" might slip you a little taste of some tequila or rum. Also - I sat next to a famous White Sox pitcher on more than one occasion and let me tell you my fianc was super happy! Just tell the hostess you want to sit in the "back bar." (02) They can add almost any of these "tropical" juices to a drink. My favorite drink isn't even on the menu. I always order the Passion Fruit Caipirinha....but I must warn you - it's made from real passion fruit so it will burn your mouth if you order more than two! (03) They run this awesome gift card promotion towards the end of the year - usually starting Thanksgiving to New Years. Spend $100 on a gift card and get another $50 GC for free. Here's the kicker - and I am not going to spell it out for you - but know that you can use the gift cards for the same meal you are dining in on. Figure it out and you will realize there is a deal to be made here. (04) If you take one of their "Margarita" or "Mojito" classes it is good to invite your team from work or boss. I have bonded with my managers many times over a freshly made drink. Education at its best! Call them for details. (05) Try the fish tacos, Ceviche Tasting (almost as good as what I usually get in Key West), and Carne Aguayon.....they are worth the high price tag....I promise! Well...that's it for now. If you hear any other deals let me know - but get out and try it already....SERIOUSLY!
