Ate at Schwa for the first time last night. My husband and I both agreed that it was an incredible food experience. DH is usually more of a straightforward meat-potatoes guy, so I was a bit concerned that some of the more out-there pairings would not suit him, but he couldn't stop talking about how great the food was. We both had the long tasting menu, but mine was slightly tailored because I have a fish/seafood issue. (I mentioned this when reserving, and they were very accommodating, which I greatly appreciate in such a small establishment! And they did a great job of substituting. Example: in place of lobster, I was served delicious, tender pork belly instead of some boring vegetable. Tasty!) Obviously all of the ingredients seemed to be topnotch, and the different creations had been carefully formulated for maximum impact, and so it is difficult to point to any particular standouts. That said, we both loved the beet risotto and sunchoke soup. Of course, the quail egg ravioli was also incredible. The best surprise, however, was how much we liked the more *unusual* things. DH really liked the pad thai made with jellyfish, which I was afraid that he'd dislike. Then, of course, there was dessert. As he was clearing the table, one of the chefs heard me say (someone tongue in cheek, as I was already very full) that I "live for dessert." "Well, you won't like this one," he said. But I was misjudged! Or perhaps he underestimated the appeal of his own dessert: a creation that contained both passion fruit and sweetbreads. Sound odd? Yes, it was, but it was also a fitting end to the menu as it wasn't cloying sweet, but a nice mixture of sweet and tart and...meat. I liked it very much, thank you. There are two things that will bring me back to Schwa: (1) creative food that doesn't try too hard, but is still innovative and downright good; and (2) lack of pretension. The whole chef-as-server thing worked for me very well. They were all down-to-earth, yet friendly and much more attentive than you might think given their dual role in front and back of the house.(My husband noted how quickly his emptied wine glass was filled every time.) It was a treat to be served food - and have it explained - by the individuals who created the food. When comparing Schwa to other dining experiences, as I inevitably did, Alinea naturally came to mind. I've been to Alinea and would be fine if I never returned. However, I plan to return to Schwa - hopefully to see what they do with spring produce (peas, morels, etc.) - because I enjoyed the food more than the food at Alinea, and also liked the lack of pretension. BYOB doesn't hurt! Thanks for the great dinner, Schwa.
