My wife and I drove from Louisville, Kentucky to Chicago for a New Year's celebration, and we made reservations at Sprout. Its a long way to go for an evening, but the food, service, and fun would have justified a drive to Alaska. It was our most fantastic dining experience, ever.Front-of-the-house was incredible. Although the restaurant was sold out, we greeted very warmly, led to a wonderful table in the main dining room, and given an excellent preview of the night's menu. A great way to start the night - we felt honored and valued, and from the looks of everyone around the restaurant, everyone was having a similar experience. Then Ginny, our server, stopped by to greet us, and the evening started.Each of the 10 courses was presented with a brief discussion of the ingredients, technique, and flavors we would be experiencing. Throughout the mean, Ginny and her co-workers stopped by often to ensure that everything was fine, and that our needs were being met. Service and front of house far exceeded any other fine-dining restaurant we had ever visited, from LA to NY to Dallas or beyond.And the food? Incredible. A very deft hand obviously prepared the curried prawn, which was a perfect mixture of heat and sweet. My wife especially enjoyed the citrus sauce, which Chef Dale took time to explain to us, and the venison, which was adorned with an equally rich sauce. For me, the best bite fo the evening was the pistachio cake with fois gras icing - a wacky combination, sure, but a perfect blend of savory and sweet that was easily the best bite I've had, anywhere, any time. I'm a sucker for anything with fois gras, but this was a unique take and a stellar preparation.We were surprised by the consistency of excellence throughout the evening. The chef and staff obviously put a lot of thought and care into the evening's menu and preparation, and it showed. With a greeting and table service that was unparalleled in its excellence, we enjoyed a perfect evening and a great startto our new year.
