I am willing to put my vote in that the Violet Hour is one of the very best bars in the country, if not the best.I have long been a fan of the bar, and followed the bartenders' methods and formulas for crafting drinks. Everything on the menu is solid; there is a perfect drink for everyone, and for every season. Having some of the best cocktails in the country isn't the very best part about the Violet Hour. What makes it the best bar in Chicago is how it set the trend for all of the great bars to come along since, and led the cultural revolution that is craft cocktails in Chicago. The Kold-Draft ice you see in any establishment that wishes to be taken seriously, the fresh juices, homemade syrups and bitters, these are all thanks to the Violet Hour.My most recent visit was just as phenomenal as all the others, but rather than talk all about every drink that I enjoyed, I'm writing this review to call out a lot of idiotic ideas that turn up in countless yelp reviews:-Stop complaining about the ice: Anyone who thinks the large chunk of ice in their Old Fashioned is taking up all the space, and leaving them with less booze is a moron. That's not how surface area and volume work. Cheap, crappy ice is designed to fill your glass more efficiently, taking up more space, meanwhile turning your cocktail into a watered down mess. That big ball of ice in your drink is your best friend.-The drinks are not over-priced. Granted, not every night is $12 cocktail night for every person. We all have our priorities. However, when you are looking for a good cocktail, $12 is a damn fair price. Considering all of the care and work that goes into using fresh, homemade ingredients and fine spirits, you are drinking creations that could easily go for $20. When you can go to a high-end restaurant and still pay $8-9 for nothing but lame flavored vodka drinks, why is $12 considered pricey for some of the best stuff on earth? New bars are already starting to charge $13, or more on their cocktail menu. 12 is nothing to complain about.All in all, for people who like a really good drink, there is no place better than this. This is a force for cultural good in Chicago, and the entire country.
