First things first, the pizza here is good. (If it was so so, my star rating would be docked to just two stars.) What's bad is the service that I received. Before coming to Giordano's, I read on Yelp that they had a lunch portion pizza available. I'm not too big of a fan of deep dish pizza hence a lunch portion is perfect for me to just say I had the iconic Chicago deep dish pizza. I sit down with my friend, we both decide we'd like to order the lunch portion pizza. After 20 minutes of being ignored, the waiter takes our order. I proceed to order, only for the waiter to say that the lunch portion pizzas were not available and we could only order regular sized pizzas. Annoyed that we had to wait so long to order and also that we couldn't have the lunch special (especially when it was supposed to be a daily special), I decided to go ahead and order one small pizza and no appetizers. Shortly, a man came in sat down at the table behind us. The bartender at the restaurant came to serve him and offers him the lunch special! Irritated I asked what was going on? The bartender then helped me change my order. 15 minutes later, the guy behind us receives his order and is happily eating. Another 15 minutes later, we're still waiting for our pizza. The table to our right is irritated because their appetizer still has not been served. (They must've been waiting for 20 minutes for the appetizer.) The next 15 minutes later, the table directly ahead of us is irritated because their meat pizza came with no meat. We waited about an hour when the small pizza we had originally ordered comes. "We changed this order to two lunch specials" I said to the wait staff. This proceeded with much confusion all around me, however, it's eventually sorted out. The two lunch specials come, and yes, it was good... but it was hard for me to enjoy my meal with how annoyed I felt about the whole experience. The waiting I can endure, but to initially tell me that I cannot order a special whereas all the other customers could... hard to shake that annoyance.
