I REALLY wanted to write a bad review for this place. Why? Because I would love to go back. Confused? Let me explain. The staff at PUBLIC cares a lot about their guests. It shows in everything they do from check in to check out. One example of this care can be seen while scouring other yelp reviews. They have a staff member who replies to negative reviews and offers to be contacted to talk it over and, I only assume, offer something in the way of compensation with a free stay. This is business 101--please the people who have not been pleased--but is something you rarely see anymore these days. So I was really hoping to have bad things to say in this review so that I could receive such contact and get to go back to PUBLIC for another night. Sadly, my experience was superb all the way through. I booked hotel PUBLIC with my Visa Signature, since it's part of their Signature Luxury Hotel Collection. This was a great idea if you're able, because it means a 2 night stay will come with $100 food/drink credit, complimentary valet parking, breakfast and a late check-out. This will help you go even further in enjoying what PUBLIC has available. Their restaurant, The Pumproom, is a slight revamp of the Chicago classic. Photos in the lower level show the hundreds of powerful people from Chicago's history who would sit down there at "booth 1" where they could take calls at the resident phone. Prices were hi, as expected, but food was superb in flavor and presentation and they threw in a couple shotglass sized samples of their gazpacho soup, which was a highlight. They also have "the library," which sports a changing coffee shop/bar, depending on the time of day you make it there. We brought a friend with us to enjoy cocktails there on our second evening and everyone was very pleased. Everyone working there is very kind and seems very sincere. They are able to work in what is obviously a high class environment without being snobby or snooty. Swell folks. The room was comfortable, nice lighting options, great water pressure, considerate housekeeping (even plugged my laptop in for me when they were in there). I hope to go back some day on my own dime, because the PUBLIC hotel is totally worth it.
