OK..I'm a food snob (and a good cook). Been this way for a very long time. I first discovered Hot Doug's in a small blurb in Gourmet magazine touting the duck-fat fries (old location, MANY years ago). My husband is a duck freak (anywhere anytime for any reason at all) and I'm an enabler. My particular weakness is food related nostalgia and there it was, on the list...thuringer. I hadn't had thuringer since the 60s, and I hesitated to order it because that might have soiled the divine memory, that is if it wasn't great. OK, I guess we all know it was spectacular...Recently my favorite sandwich underwent a curious name change; from the Don Rickles to....the Marty Allen. People of a certain age know who Marty Allen is - an 85 year old comic who was in his heyday at least 40 years ago. Maybe I just love the droll sense of humor....Another HUGE draw for me is selzer water on tap. It's bar none, my drink of choice. I guess I've dragged at least 20 people there over the years including my husband and 4 adult kids - as I said I'm a food snob and people take my food recommendations seriously. As far as I'm concerned, Doug does everything right. That he and only he takes only cash gives him tremendous freedom.  Worth mentioning is that his staff has been incredibly stable. I remember the guy from the 1st location (others might call him a bus boy, I'll call him a ballet director) who makes that tiny room function like a precision machine . Also, tip jars are usually offensive (to me, anyway) in Starbucks type businesses, and they're way too common these days, but in this setting it is entirely appropriate - the jar is labeled "for the people doing the actual work". That really does keep the prices insanely low. I love the fact that Doug treats everyone well. I must admit, I have felt a bit foolish standing outside in 10 degree weather, but for every reason previously stated, I will continue to do so - but hope that the weather will let up a bit when the crew gets back from their latest well-deserved vacation. As Dr. Suess taught me in his only non-rhyming book, The King's Stilts, "when you work, you really work, and when you play, really play" Have a great time guys!
