I soooo heart Spacca Napoli. I mean, I don't think I can express in words how happy I was to find this place. I actually found it relatively immediately upon moving to Chicago but only because I was REALLY looking for it. Having discovered during my time in NYC that real Neapolitan pizza does actually exist here in the states, I was on a mission to make sure that if it was also in Chicago, I knew about it. And, YIPEE! It is! Needless to say, this was not my first dining experience at Spacca Napoli... just another wonderful one. I can't decide if I wish it was closer to my apartment so that I could have it all the time, or if that would be a bad thing because I'd never want to eat anywhere else. So here's the scoop: In case I haven't made it clear, the pizza is wonderful.... amazing.... delicious.... perfect. The crust has that 1000-degree-oven char where it blisters and burns in just the right way. Plus, it's still chewy and bouncy from the gluten development in the dough. And it gets rolled so thin that the center is flimsy and limp (that's a good thing). Then there's the tomato 'sauce' which is simply San Marzano puree (exactly as it's done in Italy) with no additions. It's not cooked with garlic or onion or basil or oregano. Simple and pure. Just sweet enough, just acidic enough. And the mozzarella. Imported buffalo milk mozz that's still so milky and juicy you have to slurp it up when you bite because the thin crust can't even absorb it all. Wonderful! They have fior di latte mozzarella too, but I just can't bring myself to break away. Not when there's mozzarella di bufala to be had! There aren't all that many different types of pizza on the menu (only 7 red and 7 white) and most of them are super simple, but that's kinda the point. When simple is this good, who needs complicated?  Every once in a while I do like a little something extra on a pie, however, so I was very happy when they let me add prosciutto and arugula to the Bufalina pizza. Gawd, it's good. As for the rest, there are some things that I like better than the others. The soups are always fantastic. The eggplant, too, is wonderful but only if you're in the mood for a gigantic mound of EVOO-soaked, tomato-braised, deliciousness. I think it's kinda weird that it's all by itself like that but I'm not going to complain because it's an excellent addition to a pasta sauce the next day. Mmmmm... The only thing I wish they had on the menu is some sort of sauteed greens, like broccoli rabe or chicory or something. I think that's be nice to be able to have along side my pizza. There are usually a couple of specials, as well, which I occasionally indulge in. Last night's was a meatball appetizer that was quite tasty. All beef meatballs with pinenuts and raisins atop a WELL seasoned tomato sauce. Both parts were nice but I wished the meatballs had been simmered in the sauce. I think they would have helped each other out, giving the meat a juiciness and the sauce another layer of depth. Good though.  The atmosphere, too, is an authentic representation of Italy, but with a little extra. The tables and chairs are straight out of a restaurant there, but the wall decor and presence of music let you know that you are, in fact, still in the states.  And the service is fantastic. Attentive, quick, unpretentious. Ask for Angela, she's the best (and pretty funny, too)! The short version (out of 10)... Food: 9.5 Service: 9 Ambiance: 8 Overall impression: 9.8 Would I go back?  A meeeelion times, yes! In fact, I've made the 30 minute drive on multiple occasions just to sink my teeth into that juicy, charred, heavenly pie. I recommend you do, too.
