My BFF and I went here for her birthday dinner. It was a Tuesday night @ 6:45 and the restaurant only had about 8 other patrons. It did get a little busier later in the evening. When using OpenTable, I requested they do something special for her- but they didn't bring out ANYTHING or mention it once, especially at an establishment of this caliber, so I was kind of disappointed! Even Cheesecake Factory brings you out a [complimentary] small sweet treat. We ordered the 5 plate tasting menu. All the entrees were delicious. I know what a Caesar salad is made up of, however when the dish came- it had half an anchovy lying across the top! Thus, while eating it, it was a VERY sharp fishy flavor. AVOID this dish if you do not like seafood. The curry butternut squash was phenomenal! This was only my 2nd bowl of this type of soup in my life and I LOVED it. They brought it out in a beaker (different & pretty cool), explained what was on our plate, then poured it in. It could've been a bit hotter though, it was lukewarm nearing cool. The scallops were cooked PERFECTLY, had a slight bounce to them, tender, and not chewy or fishy. The wagyu beef was good, the potatoes were just right, not too mushy or overcooked, and the truffle consomme SOUP- this is where the money was at! They give you that spoon for a reason, after one sip, I had this urge to put the bowl to my lips and throw my head back! Since I am a dessert person, this dish was my runner up. Dessert was my favorite part of this entire meal! We had smores, sounds simple, but it wasn't. There was chocolate ganache, a tiny scoop of (half-melted) vanilla ice cream- but ice cream nonetheless, peanut butter crme (not aesthetically pleasing though I must admit), cracked pieces of graham crackers, and perfectly roasted cube shaped marshmallows. DELICIOUS, much better than camping! I ordered a Diet Coke in the beginning which cost me $3.50 because it came in a little glass bottle- SKIP IT! I also ordered coffee- an additional $4- but it came in a French press and a little hour glass (like the kind from a board game to let me know when it would be ready). I loved it- this was worth the $! I am a huge fan of Dunkin Donuts coffee, and this was mind-blowingly delicious with 3 packets of Splenda & some crme. TRY IT! BUT I don't understand the plating. They used huge dinner plates but only put food on a tiny portion of it. I understand presentation is a big deal, but all the white empty space is a waste IMO- plus it makes your portion look TINY! Also, the wait time between dishes a tad bit longer than I would have liked on a slow Tuesday evening- can you imagine how it would be on a Saturday night?! FORGET IT! I would have liked for them to leave the popcorn tray so we could have had something to nibble on. Let me tell you, they have some superb busboys. They are very attentive. Filled water very quickly, folded our napkins almost immediately, cleared our plates quietly- I appreciate that b/c I also serve P/T. We sat near the orange drape that led to the bathrooms; everyone who passed made it a point to shut it ALL the way- which was appreciated since I could see the bathroom doors. The waiters wear GE's brown t-shirt with jeans. So it does give off a laid back feel to the venue while maintaining a classy dining experience. Hostess greeted upon entry and when leaving. The music is just fine- not too loud or disruptive. Lighting is dim and romantic. Overall, good experience. I left happy on a full tummy.
