Food: 5 Service: 4 Atmosphere: 5 Value: 4 I remember a time when Davanti Enoteca had a 4.5 star average on this amazingly informative web site. Then some neanderthals had to ruin this impressive distinction with some childish 1 and 2-star reviews. Hopefully this 5-star blockbuster will do its part to tip the scales back in this deserving restaurant's favor.  I took my wife here for her birthday and managed to convince her that it would be worth the long trip down to Little Italy and the even longer wait. How, you ask? I told her the restaurant is reminiscent of our honeymoon to Italy last spring. So after a 20 minute drive, 5 minutes to find parking, and a surprisingly short 30 minute wait time, we were seated around 6:45 on a Saturday night. We decided on the bruschette du jour (eggplant with olive oil and marscapone cheese), Farro Salad, Cacio e Pepe (Spaghetti, pecorino romano cheese, and black pepper), and Pizza della Terra (Foraged mushrooms, braised leeks, taleggio cheese, and truffle oil). The bruschette instantly transported me back to Italy. Calling this dish authentic would be like calling Menachem Schneerson religious (for those of you not familiar with your Lubovitch Jewish history, this is a severe understatement). The bread was nicely charred, but not burnt, the cheese was smooth, creamy, and slightly sweet, and the eggplant was grilled to a tender medium well. A drizzle of some high quality EVOO tied everything together. A great way to start. The farro salad came next and I have to be honest with you, I don't really remember what else was in it. However, I do know that it was like nothing I've ever tasted before. The farro was earthy and dense, and it was complimented by some sort of honey-balsamic drizzle (I think), arugula (again, I think), and some type of nut and cheese (not even going to guess on those). It was small, but powerful and memorable. Yes, that's what she said. As for the Cacio e Pepe, I can't say I would have tried this if it weren't already recommended by two of our friends. I mean, it's spaghetti, cheese, and pepper--how interesting could it be? Boy was I wrong on this one. This dish was a perfect example of why food in Italy is so spectacular. They took a simple dish, used the freshest ingredients possible, and cooked and prepared it flawlessly. It had the right amount of texture, body, and flavor. It wasn't too rich but it didn't leave me very hungry either. Simply genius. Now for my most anticipated moment of the evening: the pizza. I'm not sure if I've chronicled my lukewarm feelings about white pizzas before, but I'll give you a little refresher: I try really hard to like them, but I can't help but always think how much better they would be with sauce. With that in mind, I was a little hesitant to order it, but leeks and taleggio are two of my favorite pizza toppings so I couldn't resist. The taste was spot-on. Salty leeks, sharp cheese, rich mushrooms and truffle oil all on a perfectly crusted palette of Italian style dough. My ONLY critique (of the whole meal, not just the pizza) is that the middle could have been a little crispier. I know it's hard to do with numerous toppings, but I feel like I have to at least say one negative thing about this otherwise Mana Food Bar-like, (see my review) out-of-body, culinary experience. I'm guessing that if you're a vegan, you haven't even made it this far down the review so I'll go ahead and recommend this place to anyone who's still with me at this point. Don't worry carnivores--there's plenty of charteuccerie crap for you so you'll love this place too. This is hands-down the closest you'll get to Italy while dining in Chicago. Now If they could somehow offer house wine for $5/carafe, I would go so far as to say you don't even need to go to Italy after dining here. Unfortunately they don't, so don't cancel that trip just yet. Until then, check out this 5-star masterpiece to get yourself warmed up. [Thanks for reading my review and be sure to check out my other reviews on Yelp. My mission is to find restaurants that have great vegetarian, kosher, and vegan fare. On every review, I rate food, service, atmosphere, and value on a 1-5 scale to give you quick and easy overview of the restaurant. I love cooking, eating, and doing both with my friends and family. I always welcome your questions, comments, and suggestions so contact me on Yelp or Facebook if you want to share ideas.]
