"With over 1000 reviews, what else can be said. I will say this... An amazing foodie bonding experience" LONG REVIEW WARNING It was a cold Saturday afternoon, and I was on the prowl to hit Kuma's Corner to knock them of my "To be reviewed" list. AW and I were craving a burger, and when Kuma's hostess said 2+ hour wait we moved on. We went back to my vehicle ( A Ford Flex) and pulled places nearby up on the nav system and saw that Hot Doug's was nearby. Sweet! We joined the line and waited about 30 minutes in the blowing cold outside. As we reached the outer door the woman in front of us and the couple behind us began to chat with us. It was kind of like a concert ticket line, but with near instant gratification. As we neared Doug taking orders, I asked the line neighbors to sit with us. Kitten, Jean and Shawn, and Kyra and I selected our drinks (Kitten and I: Green River, Kyra: Sioux City Ginger Beer) and I went too secure a table while the others ordered. We collectively ordered the following: 3 orders of rendered duck fat fries A Spicy Thai Chicken Sausage with Thai Peanut Sauce and Toasted Coconut (Rodger) A Foie Gras and Sauternes Duck Sausage with Truffle Aioli, Foie Gras Mousse and Fleur de Sel (Kyra) An Elvis, a Polish prepared Chicago char style with additional items like sauteed onions and giardinera (Rodger) A The Pete Shelley, a meatless Chicago style Dog (Kyra) 2 The Mountain Man Sausage (a damn tasty combination of Venison, Elk, Antelope and Buffalo) with Bacon-Garlic Mayonnaise and Smoked Gouda Cheese (Kitten, Shawn) Cognac and Hazelnut Pheasant Sausage with Black Currant Dijonnaise, Port Wine Chicken Pate and Truffle-Balsamic Cream (Jean) Smoked Portuguese Linguica with Saffron Rouille and Iberico Cheese (Jean) Finally a Curry Lamb Sausage with Spinach Raita and Coolea Cheese. I tasted Kyras choices and mine. The Thai chicken sausage was perhaps the most amazing non Italian sausage I have ever tasted. The toppings made it divine. The Duck sausage was excellent, perhaps a bit subtle and sweet for my tastes. The Polish was crazy great, better than the Dear Franks char polish that was my current favorite. Finally, the vegetarian dog was excellent. Vegans, you can have an Authentic Chicago dog. You must not miss it! The food was absolutely Divine. The duck fat fries were one of the most amazing things I have ever tasted; light crisp and flavor packed. That said, the dining partners really made the meal special. Kyra is a singer songwriter with a day job in corporate communications, Kitten is an actress, writer, producer, Jean, Shawn and I are IT geeks of various flavors. This spontaneously assembled 5some had great conversation over amazing foods. We all took pictures of the experience and traded contact info for future meet ups if the logistics work out. It was one of my most memorable meals of all time.
