Alliance Bakery NEVER disappoints! I've never walked out of there with less than 3 treats and a drink or two. While the actual store front itself is on the small side, it's delectably cozy and comforting. I would even go so far as to say that it reminds me of being in a lov-ER-ly ptisserie in France, without having to purchase a plane ticket. But don't fret! Everyone who works there is warm and helpful, and you certainly won't feel like a foreigner in this haven on Division.   I hesitate to describe their wondrous selection of items to choose from, because we'd be here all day. But their sweet treats are always beautiful, fresh, and often intricately full of color. Even their display cases exude an angelic, halo-like aura that suggests you are, in fact, in a divine place, and you'd be a fool for not indulging in all that this heaven has to offer (I was not high during the making of this review). Let's just say, I now know what Eve was facing when she went in for that apple...   On a more Earthly note, Alliance offers something for everyone. They have everything from huge, fluffy, flaky , croissants with hearty cheese and goodness to mini key lime pies. They have vegan scones, an array of cupcake options, a decadent tiramisu, and the best muffins I've had in the city. They also have quiche, parfaits, and some salads, oh my! In addition to perfecting all of the bakery basics, they always offer some incredibly unique, and seductive desserts that often coincide with the season. My last trip included this layered pistachio awesomeness, I think they called it an "Ellen" (maybe from Cakes by Ellen?). It started with a puff cream pillow, then pistachio crumble, topped with pistachio cake and a thin layer of hardened marbled white chocolate as the base. The memory of that pastry will serve as my "happy place" for while.    Their beverages, coffee drinks, Italian sodas, and especially the iced chai, are just as splendid and complimentary to anything you eat there. With Fall approaching, I am envisioning many a morning with the perfect couple: Chai latte and Banana Nut Muffin.    In this "Ode to Alliance", I have to note how wonderful the staff is as well. They are so helpful and informative without having to ask or deal with weird looks from them as I blubber around in indecision. It's immensely refreshing to walk into a place where there staff is obviously passionate and happy about what they do. An establishment like Alliance reinvigorates my appreciation for the baking and pastry arts as a whole, from mixing bowl to belly. I realize we're talking about cake here, but Alliance is truly doing something HUGE with the little joys in life. I could not be more thankful to have them in the neighborhood.    * I went ahead and gave them 5 stars, because I'm obviously obsessed, but I do have one small complaint. I really like the fact that their dining/cafe area is in a completely separate building next door, but the atmosphere in there definitely leaves something to be desired. The separate seating area is much more conducive to getting work done or studying without the distraction of customer traffic, but I can't help but feel uncomfortable while I'm in there. I'm not quite sure if it's just the dark lighting or furniture setup or what, but I never stay there very long.
