Of course this place is going to have a line. A place owned by the infamous Rick Bayless. But luckily the line doesnt go by terribly slow. You may place your order at the counter, but theres a hostess that maneuvers along the line helping to coordinate your party with a table. This definitely helps move things along proper.  Though Im not big on churros Ive had a weird craving for them as of late. Ive heard great things of XOCO..especially about their churros so I had to find out for myself.  Also, my go-to mexican order is tortas..what do they offer? Gourmet tortas! Whats not to love? And where else can you say youve had a toasted torta via a woodburning oven or even griddle? I went with a group of friends so I practically had four different tortas. The Pepito was packed with tallgrass shortribs. The suckling pig was accompanied with quite the heat from the habanero on the Cochinita Pibil. The Milanesa was probably better than it seemed at the time..only because it was griddle. After having 3 tortas wood oven toasted it just didnt seem as good. Wood burning oven is definitely the way to go. I myself ordered the Ahogada. Pork carnitas wading in tomato arbol chile. Makes me want to keep a jar of pickled onions in my fridge.  But I have to say my main attraction has to be the churros. "as good as" thee best churros you will ever have in your life! A mexican favorite brought to you by the culinary inspirations of a white guy. A friend lured me by mentioning its like these churros are sprinkled with crack cocaine. I couldnt imagine a better way to describe it than that. 3 churros for $3! You have to get at least 3 or else you will regret it. And it is a must to accompany these with their fresh, home made soft serve. $2 for a cup to dip but I think I will go with the full size for $4.25 next time. You wont have to worry about running out to dip and you could enjoy the soft serve by itself as well. Unless youre a conservative dipper then your fine with the small cup.  You could possibly be thinking that how could I order a meal such as a torta and a dessert like a churro and eat it all together at the same time? Well not to fret my pet. You merely let the kitchen know when you are ready for dessert and they will have it out fresh for you. Or their wait staff seems completely ontop of things that they check in on you anyhow.
