this is a hopeful four stars. it could easily turn to five, but it could just as easily go to three. my friend and i arrived at 5:30 and it was understandably packed. there were three hostesses managing the front and, when i put in my name, they told me it was a 45 minute wait. not bad. we ordered our first beer...a beer somewhat reminiscent of Three Floyds' Alpha King. pretty good stuuf. 20 minutes later we ordered our next beer, the porter. also pretty good. it had a coffee bite to it that made it especially tasty to me. i like my beer like i like my women...dark and full of caffeine. 40 minutes later and we had not been sat. we passed the time counting the number of non-conformist hipsters that came in with hats, full beards, and messenger bags. they were by far the single largest group in the place. it was like clone-night. if you're hipster-allergic, this was not the place to be. 1 1/2 hours after arriving we got our table. we ordered our third beer from the waitress, along with the applewood smoked chicken wings and mussels with blue cheese and fuji apple. 20 minutes latere...no beer...and we hadn't seen our waitress in that entire time. the food came and was...delicious. the wings were very unique in flavor. still, 6 average size wings for 9 bucks? kinda felt a little ripped off on that. too bad. the mussels were perfect...firm, fresh, and tasty. my friend thought the broth was a little strong. i liked it. we asked form some bread for dipping and got a nice dark rye that matched beautifully with the blue cheese strengthened broth. our waitress appeared and asked if we'd gotten our beers. nope. she went to get them and 5 minutes later the bartender appeared with them. my friend went back to the Alpha King clone. i had the mild ale, which wasn't quite a good a representation of its style as the first two. i felt it a little overcarbonated. anway, the bartender told us these two beers were on the house due to the delay. nice...or so we thought. they appeared on the bill anyway. rather than wait another 30 minutes, we just paid for them and split without dinner. we headed around the corner to logan bar and grill and ate there. Revolution, at this point, is no Goose island. i give the beer a 7.5. it's got definite potential, especially as they tweak the recipes. i'm sure there are many more brews to come, and they'll likely bore in on the perfect recipes as they grow. the food we tried was very good, and i don't mind paying for a good meal, but 9 bucks for 6 wings...meh. we planned on dinner, but after the long waits and waitress absences, we figured we'd try again another time. i must admit to some small negative feeling toward the volume of hipsters in the place. i pllay music around the city and find that demographic to GENERALLY be a very rude group of people. logan square is full of them so i suppose they'll be around. hopefully the price of the food and the lack of PBR and Old Style will start to thin their ranks at Revolution. so...my guess is that Revolution tweaks things and runs it up to 5 stars. they'l defnitely get a few more tries from us.
