DATE/SEATING TIME: I went with a group of 4 on Friday, April 27th. I called around 11:30am and made reservations for that evening at 10pm. When we arrived at 10pm, there were 10 to 15 people waiting, so I thought we may have to wait a bit for our seats. However, they sat us immediately. I guess that means if you are going on a weekend, it pays to have reservations! FOOD: I enjoyed everything I ate, and eat I did. The meal is broken into 2 parts. 1st the salad bar, 2nd the meat & sides. The salad bar is impressive. They have all the salad toppings of which I could think. They have ready made salads (chicken salad, potato salad, pasta salad, etc.). There were some nice plates of prosciutto, ham, and smoked salmon. Also, my wife's favorite, a giant wheel of Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese. There were 4 sides served. A fried banana - really delicious, polenta - good, but not a highlight, garlic mashed potatoes - again, solid, and cheese bread - great texture and delicious. I believe they serve 12 meats. I tried 10 or 11 of them. They were all very good, some were amazing. My favorites were the filet and the Picanha (Top Sirloin) which is their house specialty. I asked for each meat as rare as they had (which turned out to be medium rare for most meats). Near the end of meal, all of the meats started to sort of taste the same. I could tell the lamb had a much different flavor than the filet, but I was so full it just sort of combined into a happy meat coma. SERVICE: The service was perfect. Their were many servers, gauchos, managers, etc. on the floor at all times. When we flipped out circles green (meaning "We're ready for meat!") it took all of 15 seconds to have a gaucho offering us something wonderful looking. They kept the side dishes full. We ordered a bottle of wine and they were sure that our glasses never became too empty. When my wife asked for a few meats at a "medium well" preparation, they gladly cooked some and brought it over within 5 minutes. I really can't give them an higher rating for their service. ATMOSPHERE: It's a large restaurant. It's generally a little more dressy than casual, but there were quite a few people wearing jeans. It was loud enough to feel comfortable talking at the table, but not too loud that we couldn't hear each other. It was a great balance to do some catching up. PRICE: It's around $50 a person. For 4 with a bottle of wine, 2 after dinner coffees, a desert, tax, and tip, we came in around $375. It was well worth the price.  I highly recommend Fogo de Chao. I'll definitely be coming back. Though, I may not be hungry again for a month.
