HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE! We were treated poorly by the host and the manager. We were quoted a 45 min wait and ended up waiting 90 min for our table. Plus the food was not worth the wait or the rudeness of the staff. I waited over a week to write this because i wanted to cool off a bit and be fair. I have never been so mad about a dinning experience in my life! We put our name, were quoted 30-45 min. After waiting nearly 60 min my boyfriend went up to the host stand to enquire. She was dismissive of him and hardly paid attention to what he was saying, waving him off and saying we would be next. 20 min later i went up and she said they called us up 30 min prior and they skipped us. There is no way that we could be missed as we stayed in the restaurants waiting area. No host came remotely near us in the time we waited. In addition, why didn't the host tell my boyfriend that when he was up there?!? We then had to wait an additional 10-15 min for them to actually seat us. I asked our server (who did a great job and was the only polite employee we came in contact with) if i could please speak to the manager. I saw him stop by the host stand and could clearly tell that they were giving their side of the story before he even came to see what was wrong. When he finally arrived, I explained that we had waited double the quoted time, that the hosts were dismissive and rude, and how once the problem was brought to their attention we waited an addition block of time without apology. The manager was just as rude! He was unapologetic and blamed it on the fact that they were busy. Being busy doesn't give you the right to be rude to your patrons! I have worked in a restaurant for nearly 6 years. I know what it is like and i am normally very lenient and forgiving. But I would never dream of treating anyone the way the manager and hosts treated us.  If we were not starving (seeing as we waited much longer than expected) and if our waitress was not so nice i would have stood up and left. Food in my opinion can smooth over just about anything. The items we ordered didn't do it. Everything was saturated in sodium so it was hard to make out the other flavors. I would give 3.5 stars to the food because the saltiness was balanced by everything being cooked well and presented well. Overall HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT! will never ever go again nor will i suggest it to anyone, not even an enemy.
