Everybody, and I mean EVERYBODY, seems to rave about this place. Which makes me sad that I have to give it a less than stellar review. But I digress. I came here with family, planning on breaking my vegetarianism for something awesome. We put our name on the waiting list for three (my brother was about a block away), and they told us to come back when our whole party had arrived. Having worked in the restaurant industry, that makes sense... Except that my brother arrived about a minute later, and what had been no wait suddenly turned into a 20 minute wait. How strange and disappointing. Anyways, we finally got a table. Out waiter was friendly and accommodating, so that was good. We ordered the marinated olives as an appetizer. I love olives, and these were really good! Well... Except that there was a hair in the bowl. Gross. I don't really care about that kind of stuff, and I hate making a fuss over things in restaurants, so I didn't say anything. My friend I was with mentioned it to the waiter though, and he apologized but didn't offer to take it off the check or anything. Whatever, not a huge deal to me. Much more disappointing than the hair in the olives was my meal. I got the hamburger with the sharp cheddar and bacon because it sounded AMAZING. It wasn't. It was incredibly bland! I couldn't taste the cheese, and the bacon was alright but nothing to write home about. Overall it was really boring. The fries were good but very salty. One other weird thing that happened was my friend asked for salt at one point because there wasn't a salt shaker on our table... Instead of bringing a salt shaker, the waiter brought out a little bowl of salt! As if not enough people want to put salt on their dishes for it to be worthwhile for them to have salt shakers... I can't imagine that's true. Anyways. Longman and Eagle, as I said before I REALLY wanted to like you. But you're a little pricy for having such mediocre food. Perhaps I'll give you another shot some other time, but until then you're three stars in my book.
