I wanted a central spot to stay in while on a four day trip to Chicago that wouldn't cost me an arm and a leg so i choose the CP. Location: As written in other reviews the hotel is located right by a freeway on the boarder of Greek-town. I personally found it convenient since I cabbed all of my nightly excursions. I was able to get to where I wanted to be quickly and cheaply by avoiding street lights. The CP Metro has two bus stops that can connect you with the major transfer hubs for both buses and trains. As mentioned in previous reviews there is a full service supermarket named Dominick's across the street from the main entrance. Behind the hotel you can find a Walgreen's, Starbucks and various eateries which are open until the wee hours of the morning. Hotel : From the outside the CP metro looks very outdated but don't judge just yet. The inside has been fully remodeled in a very sleek and modern motif. It modern with a splash of Miami. The hotel offers king and double rooms most with small balcony. I had a great room facing the Sears Tower. A business center, and fitness center are also offered. The CP Metro has a full service restaurant and bar located on the ground floor named Retro . A 1940's American Eatery and Martini Bar offering American classics with a contemporary flair. Room: All rooms are fully carpeted tiled and offer a flat panel television, mini fridge and free Wi-Fi ( it was rather slow so I used the cable connection instead). The bathrooms were average in size and offered a pocket door instead of a standard one. Beds were comfortable. Overall the room was very clean. The staff I encountered were courteous, friendly and accommodating. I arrived early and they held my bags I also requested a double room because I had previously requested a king. Everyone was really nice and I got no attitudes at all. Hotel tends to be busy on weekdays since it host various company meetings and trainings. During my stay folks from United Airlines were there for a training seminar. Within Walking Distance Walgreen's 24 Hour Pharmacy, Starbucks, Sears Tower , United Center, and Harpo Studios
