I like the food (specially calamari), but what made HATE this place was that i had few people here in town for christmas time (around dec. 15th) and since i love this place i wanted take them to Calo (around 14 people). Also i would like to say that those people are Executives on finance (Including, Exc. Sales District Managers, Finance Managers, President and Vice President) and me (Sir. International Finance Manager). I was there a friday night and i asked one of the twins about their schedule for sunday and I WAS TOLD from noon to something, since i've just been in that place over 10 times but on week days and saturday night, i didn't really know. Anyway, i went there with all these important people (they were in Chicago just for few hours) and unfort. CALO was CLOSED!!! was amazing!! how come that happened? no idea, just they gave me the wrong information something that was so embarrassed !! So i ended up in the restaurant next door where the food is sooooooooo bad!!I called to the manager and let him know what happened, he said sorry but that was it! nothing else, nothing like a note card or a call back to let me know that he talked with that person (as feedback), NOTHING!!I still go to that place sometimes but of course i don't send any of my friends and of course i don't bring my business dinner either and i make sure my company and my employees don't do that anymore!!!Where is the MANAGEMENT? they should've trained their employees better!! And if you want to go to details, make sure your people (hostess or waiters) are around the door so they can welcome the person!Great food but unfort. need grow up in the management and trainning service!!A little advice for PEOPLE! Please DO NOT ever go there if you know something, and if you need any type of INFORMATION please SEE the Manager on DUTY and ask for it!!ADVICE for MANAGEMENT! Make sure your employees meet the standars and policies of your property, if not that would cost you money! 80 dollars i had spent on my business meetings or with friends each time, plus a lunch that you lost (around 1200 dollars) because you gave the wrong information?? In this economy you have to take care of every single detail!!!Thank you for your time,M.Sir. Internationl Finance Manager
