Impressive. My wife and I capped off our long New Year's weekend with dinner at Sprout last night (Saturday). We had an 8pm reservation and as soon as we arrive (7:55 or so) the hostess took our coats and we were seated promptly. The space is small, but well-decorated and comfortable. We didn't go to the bar, but there was plenty of room around it if you were waiting for a table. We started off with cocktails, both of which were very good, and brought a bottle of wine ($15 corkage). A reasonable corkage fee is almost a prerequisite for me to dine out (I think that $15 is reasonable) and the staff was very accommodating. The menu is broken into three sections -- appetizers, entrees, and dessert -- with the option of a 3-course price fixed ($60) or a la carte. The price fixed includes a palate cleanser after the appetizer and a cheese course before the dessert which includes a taste of wine making it the better value for us. I loved this idea for a menu. After asking the waiter, we found out that the menu is almost entirely organic or local. This was fantastic news, but we wondered why we had to ask to find out. There wasn't really anything on the menu or the website to this effect. For appetizers we ordered the veal and the scallop. Both were excellently prepared and flavorful. My wife thought that the veal was a bit too "rich" as a starter and wished that she would have ordered the "Bitters," but I thought both were delicious. Between courses we were served a rasberry-champagne ice which was very tasty. For entrees, I ordered the venison (Wisconsin farmed) and she ordered the lamb (again Wisconsin farmed). Both were perfectly cooked and terrific. The venison was seasonal and comforting (with prune, almond, and potato). The cut itself was very lean but perfectly tender. My only complaint was that the fruit of the prune kept it from pairing with the Bordeaux that I brought, but that's my fault. The lamb was perfectly medium-rare and well-seasoned. It was served on a bed of tomatoes and potatoes with an anchovy and capers. My wife couldn't stop talking about how good the anchovy was with the lamb. Between the main course and dessert they served the cheese course. If you're expecting a selection of cheeses, you're in the wrong place because we got a small grilled cheese sandwich with two types of cheese paired with a California Sauvignon Blanc. It was delicious. Desserts were both very good. I had the Butternut, which was essentially donuts and iced cream (how could you go wrong?) and my wife had the lemon, which I didn't try. With dessert we had hot tea and coffee (from Metropolis, which is local). Overall, it was a fantastic meal. The service, drinks, and food were all excellent. As we were leaving, the hostess told us that it had been their busiest night yet. They handled the volume very well. I can't wait to go back when the weather is a bit better to sit on the patio.
