Both my date and I were extremely disappointed with the food at Graham Elliot after hearing and reading all the hype. The popcorn is weak. It tastes like cold pulp that you can barely chew with Truffle and cheese. Popcorn should taste fresh, I don't care how you prepare it. We started out with the Risotto and caesar salad. The salad was okay, the sauce was the best part. It was served with this weird crouton-like bread creation which tasted good. The sardine was a little bit overpowering if you included that in the bite. Overall, we liked the salad. But at the end of the day, it was just a caesar salad with some creativity there to justify the cost.  The risotto was a little strange, but it tasted decent. There was fried calamari which was definitely the good bites. If did this meal over, I don't know if I'd order it again. The portions were small as was the caesar salad. I know this place is all about the flavor instead of stuffing yourself to death, but for the price tag the portions are small. Also, I found some of the menu items to be so boringly obvious from the comfort food spectrum that we couldn't even order them. Potato bisque... mac n cheese... I'm spending $275+ on dinner and getting potato soup and mac n cheese? I don't care if you prepare it in outer space with fairy dust, it's just mac n cheese for $17. The entrees were larger portions, but equally unimpressive. The scallops were pathetic. Tiny scallops barely larger than a coin with bland flavor and they were slimey on the inside. My date was upset at this point. We've had great scallops before. These were not great.  I had the fried chicken because I just had too. But I've had far better fried chicken at Mom's house. The rootbeeer infused bbq sauce on the leg portion of the plate tasted like sweet chewing tobacco. IT LITERALLY TASTED LIKE TOBACCO. It was absolutely disgusting. Our waiter had the nerve to tell us they should "bottle" it. It was absolutely foul. My date was eating off my plate because she was disappointed in hers, but wouldn't touch the skin that had the bbq sauce on it. She was equally repulsed by the taste. The chicken breast portion tasted okay, but the middle was slightly undercooked- borderline edible. And who doesn't love undercooked chicken, right? The ranch gravy, grit cake, and greens tasted great, but the chicken and skin crust wasn't great at all. I think it was $32.  The desert was nothing to speak of. Just rich chocolate genache with some sea salt. The only reason we ordered desert was because the rest of the meal sucked. At this point, it was just a waste of money. Overall. the dining experience wasn't that great either. The service was less than stellar. We were told to order everything at once, but yet sat waiting between portions for far too long. Our table was up against this awkward wall and the bus boy kept reaching over it fill our water glasses. It felt intrusive and uncomfortable. Our server was robotic and rubbed us the wrong way "is everything prepared to your liking?" she kept repeating. No, it wasn't. All we kept hearing is "chef graham elliot, chef graham elliot". She gave us a signed menu for my date's birthday. (but charged us $5 for the nasty foie gras "lollipop" my girlfriend mistakenly ordered). With all the hype and repetition of the chef's name during our meal (and audibly throughout the restaurant) you'd think Jesus Christ or some rock star was in the kitchen. Just like someone else mentioned in a review here, you cannot sit in this place for one second and not be constantly reminded of the brand name. The most insulting part about this experience was the check at the end of the meal. It was atrocious. I've dropped plenty of cash on fine dining, but we honestly felt ripped off. Graham Elliot is all gimmick and overpriced. It totally lacks the feeling that you get when you have a truly great meal at a fine restaurant. The only thing i really enjoyed was the cocktail, but that's not enough to make me go back .
