The Gage holds a decent St. Patrick's Day party. We had some delicious Gage mini-sliders, mini fish and chips, and some other random hors d'oeurves that weren't too memorable. The bartenders were attentive and mellow, and overall, I had a great time despite the fact the space is in the basement of the building (i.e. no view). Since then I've made enough trips to warrant a real review. One of the classier joints to frequent south of Madison Avenue, the Gage keeps a good price range on their menu. You can pick a few small dishes to nibble or do a progression. Having the subtle delineation of first/second/third/fourth to indicate whether a plate is "snack-sized" or entre-sized is very helpful when going in a group, especially if the sight of some $40 entres is a bit intimidating. The Gage's wine list begins at a higher price point of around $40. And they have, on occasion, run out of the first wine my group's requested. They have mastered the $12 martini though, especially for a Michigan Ave/Millenium Park spot. There are some perks to being an upscale Elephant and Castle. For starters, they have classic fallbacks that are consistently great. The Gage Burger and Fish and Chips are always satisfying (and on the cheaper end of the entres!) The Elk Saddle with ricotta and rhubarb to contrast well as mild salt/sweet, is a superb dinner if you feel like shelling that much out. Unfortunately, saddle's not the only reflection of their elk preparation. Poutine: gravy, cheese curds and fries, with an elk ragout enticing me as a catalyst, disappointed as an oversalted "snack". Screwing up salt is always a no-no. As for sides, the brie potato is as rich as it sounds, and nice and crisp. On seconds: I was quickly disillusioned with their Smoked Haddock Cake and Peekytoe Crab. The breading was half salt, while the afterthought of lemon crme fraiche and caviar weren't the best. The mussels with vindaloo are savory and succulent though, and a better seafood pick. Rabbit was seasoned really well, as was the caramelized lobster. Both of these dishes rock this part of the menu. When it came to dessert, the peanut butter beignets immediately drew my eye. I love beignets, and the play on PB&J was charming and effective. French toast? Not so much. With the emergence of so many other gastropubs recently, the Gage has too much volatility in its menu for me to rate it well. It's not even about the unwarrantedly high price point. Their hits and misses are equally strong, and they really need to work on their salt issue; it's an elementary skill to master.
