Multiple visits to XOCO later.... and finally ready to formulate an unambiguous, assured opinion. While I'm surely no thinner thanks to my series of voraciously greedy feed-fests, I am pretty well versed now on all things fancy street fare a la XOCO-riffic. The good, the bad and the ugly look a little sumthin' like this: The GOOD. ~ Tortas, Tortas, Tortas! // Go absolutely crazy for these woodfired signature sandwiches that are the cornerstone of XOCO's offerings. The only hot item that is consistently available from 11am on, you can satiate your craving for all things meaty, cheesy and yeasty chock full of unique, fresh ingredients just about any time of day. Favorites are the Milanesa (though not as good as Cemitas Pueblas - sorry!) featuring super-crispy Gunthorp chicken, black beans, creamy jack cheese, pickled jalapenos and tomatillo-avocado salsa as well as the Wednesday ONLY Pork Belly torta special. Eat this! The blend of crunchy-skinned pork belly, dark salsa negra glaze, smoky bacon, punchy arugula and smooth queso anejo make this savory fiesta in your mouth one of the most individually awesome consumption experiences you'll find, certainly as far as sammies go. Mark your calendars! Wednesday is where it's at. ~ Caldos aka Soups // Best.Soups.Ever.Really.No.Really. All you have to do is peep the pictures of these steamy creations to know they ain't your average broth, bisque, chowder, lather, rinse, repeat recipes. I feel like Seor Bayless dedicated the most amount of time to these masterpieces and the work certainly shines! The utmost in flavorful, satisfying, comforting deliciousness, each one is a meal in itself and utterly amazing. Can I pick just one favorite? Not really. But I will tell you the 'just by a hair' front runner may just be the Shortrib Red Chile Soup. With beautifully braised, huge pieces of Tallgrass shortribs, a zesty red chile broth, perfectly roasted vegetables, fresh and peppery wild arugula and, of course, lots and lots 'o lime, this soup is heaven in a bowl. Open up, say ahhh and sip on the things made of angels wings! ~ Churros // Need I say more? Likely not. Fresh, made-to-order, hot, cinnamon and sugar laden churros are not to be missed. A side of Mexican vanilla bean soft serve sure doesn't hurt for dipping, either. Plus, it's just how Rick likes his... sign me up! THE BAD. ~ The Line // Long, slow, restless. Be prepared to wait. And wait. At peak times, bring a sleeping bag. Three trips combined earned me the "spent a total 143 minutes in line merit badge". Go Me. ~ Bean-To-Cup Chocolate // The XOCO version of hot chocolate. Gimmicky. Expensive. Unremarkable. Opt for the fresh fruit Aguas Frescas instead - refreshing! The UGLY. ~ Caldos - Served After 3PM // Reread that. Then show up on a freezing, snowy day during your lunch hour yearning for a toasty, hot, delectable bowl of soup only to be told you have to come back after 3pm. Ya know, cuz so many of us eat lunch - um, or dinner - at 3, right? The sheer oddness of this timing is perplexing to say the least. Take the most popular (and revenue generating) menu items and make them completely inaccessible to the lunch crowd. Why? I'm sure there's good reason but I hate being told 'No Soup for You!'... ugh, bogus. All in all, however, the experience is by far a positive - and very, very tasty one - plus the added bonus of a Bayless sighting is just enough to send any chef groupie to the moon. The lesson here? Take heed, XOCO requires ideal timing and patience. Schedule accordingly, then bring me some of that splendidly souper soup!
