Why the f did I mess around with half-assed charcuterie plates at lesser non-cured meat focused establishments until now? I'm not sure how I didn't make it here until 2012, but I didn't so, here I am. Being a fan of senior-hour dinners, I scored a 5:30 reservation for 3, but my hung-over brother didn't make it, so it was just the usual crew of my mother and I. She's the only lady who wants to go to dinner with me anyways (not a bad thing at all in fact!!!). Anyways, cured/salted meats and beer are totally my thing. We started off with the charcuterie plate and the serrano ham. Salt overload, basically, which is exactly what I was looking to accomplish. Both amazing. I could have eaten two of the charcuterie plates alone. There was such a variety of meats. The bavarian mustard was awesome too, I highly recommend focusing on that. The ham was served with bread and butter...how perfect. Next were the frites with the egg on top. My rule is adding an egg to anything makes it taste better, and that it did...the fries were the right amount of crispiness and the egg was the perfect consistency, just past over easy. The contrast of the crispy with the savory/runny...awesome. We also had the berry salad, which was good but surprisingly small. No problem, I'll just order two next time. The main course was the sirloin, which was totally worth the wait. A perfect end to the meal. Sized just right, savory, fresh veggies served on top. Perfectly savory, not salty, and fit in with the rest of the stuff that we ordered. I love the atmosphere of this place. The communal table is pretty neat, it almost feels like something from a massive mission style dining room in a castle. I also like the booths with the little doors, that's neat. That's good for when you go out with your family, especially if they're the type of family that makes you want to pull your hair out and or run away. Makes it harder to escape. At the end of the meal, I felt full but not stuffed, whereas most meat feasts, you just feel ridiculously disgusting afterwords. It was fulfilling. Just the right amount of food. I feasted, but I wasn't about to burst open. Despite what some others have to say, I appreciate that they clearly focus on just a few things here. They really do accomplish their goal of having a great pork/seafood/beer menu. I did not feel anything was mediocre. Anytime you start adding more to a menu and packing it and trying to "hit all the bases" with dishes, stuff just becomes mediocre. I hate to sound like an ass, but if you don't like pork/seafood/beer, then it's not a place for you. Basically, this place is awesome. It's a place you can sit down and bang your fists on the table and feast by means of swine/fin/hops/barley derivatives. It's a total feast, but not in an overeating way, in a fuck, that was just an awesome fulfilling meal way.
