I visited Hopleaf for the second time last night, and they were pretty busy for a Monday night at 7pm. The last time I frequented this establishment was in December of 2011 on a Friday night, where it was packed and bustling with a long wait. We were seated upstairs on the balcony overlooking the majority of the restaurant, which was nice. I will break down my experience as follows: The Beer Menu: Hands down, five stars. There is always an incredible draft selection that is broken down into Belgian Draft Beers and other Craft Brews from around the globe. No matter how picky the beer drinker is (ahem, my father who joined me and was looking for a Blue Moon...) there is something to be enjoyed. Our table ranged in choices from an English Apple Cider to an Allagash White, and everyone seemed content. I'm also amazed at the extensive bottle list that Hopleaf has, and the choices can be quite overwhelming! All in all, if this establishment went downhill as a whole, but kept their beer selection intact, I would still frequent it on a regular basis. The Service: Three stars. It appears to have gone downhill since the last time we were at Hopleaf, which as I mentioned was on a busy Friday night and we had a VERY attentive waitress. For it being a Monday night, and slow by comparison, our waiter was slow at getting us beers. Luckily, the first round came rather quickly (after he almost dumped half of it on the floor) so we didn't really notice how slow he was to check on us/replenish our drinks. As for the food, we put in our order within 15 minutes of arriving, and it took about 45 minutes for the food to come out. We didn't get anything too crazy--just the brisket sandwich, the brisket platter, the rabbit, and the Flemish stew, but it all came out piece-meal and slow. This is a problem for me, as I feel that the food should have come out together, or within minutes... not 10-15 minutes of one another. The Food: This ranges somewhere between three and four stars. We started out with an order of frites for the table, which were just okay. Some of the frites were soggy and others were overdone. Although, the side of mayo/aioli was to die for, so this made up for some of the lackluster frites. For the main entree I chose the brisket platter which was pretty good. Sure, it's no Smoque or Smoke Daddy, but their take on it was very interesting. The brisket was somewhere between a jerkey-like consistency and a thin cut brisket. It was served with a small side of mac and cheese which was gooey and saucy and sprinkled with breadcrumbs--everything a good bowl of mac and cheese should consist of. Also, the side of mustard was absolutely delicious, as a little bit went a long way and really enhanced the flavor of the meat. I'd recommend this dish as it seems to consistently be on the menu. My boyfriend got the rabbit dish, which I nabbed a few bites of. The rabbit was perfectly cooked and flavorful, and the dish was a lot larger than I imagined. It was served in a gravy with vegetables and a bread/cracker/crust side, and the whole dish reminded me of a deconstructed pot pie. He seemed to thoroughly enjoy it, and based on the bites I had, it was a pretty great dish! The other members in our party seemed to enjoy their food as well, and I heard no complaints about the restaurant choice! I know I'll be back to Hopleaf in the near future (considering I'm moving dangerously close to this gem in a few weeks) and I can't wait to see what entrees they cycle into their menu, as it seems to change frequently. If you're in the Uptown/Andersonville neighborhood, definitely give this restaurant a go.
