A solid first West Loop restaurant. General experience pros and cons: Pros: - The set-up of communal tables makes it easy for big groups and sharing dishes. - The booths are pretty cool looking.. very private and enclosed the entire table. - The waitstaff (once seated) was attentive without being overbearing. Our waiter was also very helpful with suggestions for both beer and food, even though he suggested to order wayyyy more dishes than we could actually consume. Cons: - We had made a reservation for 4 and our 4th was running late (and eventually couldn't make it). They wouldn't seat us until our 4th showed, and when we realized he wasn't coming, they gave away our table under a BS guise that the group "had had this reservation for like, 3 weeks." Okay, Hostess Lady, I don't believe you, but that isn't going to seat me sooner so I'll smile and play nice. Just note that they won't seat you until your full party has shown up. - It was loud, but I suppose that's part of the charm. This was originally supposed to be a working dinner, but since we put the laptops away, it wasn't too terrible. - The food came out extremely rapid-fire, which was nice because it was all fresh and hot, but hard to manage everything coming out so quickly! And now, the most important part -- the beer/food! To start, I asked our waiter for a beer suggestion -- my favorite are Hefeweizens/lighter beers, to which he immediately suggested the Weihenstephaner Vitus.. He said it with such convinction that I had to order it, and I'm glad I did. Spot on. It was so good, I think I may have a new favorite! Anyways, since we were hungry, we started laundry-listing pretty much anything we even sort-of thought looked good.. and our waiter even suggested we should order more than we listed. I think we went with about 8-10 dishes in total. Here were some of my favorites: Tomato salad - overall, my favorite dish of the night. I know, I was faced with some ridiculously amazing stuff, but I really really REALLY enjoyed this salad. I wasn't too sure of it because um, who puts tomato, watermelon, yogurt and dill together on a plate?! But it all worked so nicely and was very light and refreshing. Smoked salmon on toast - Came with some sort of dipping sauce that was absolutely delicious. Mussels - pretty standard as compared to other steamed mussels in broth, but the bread that was served with it was actually really good. Super crusty and warm - yummy and perfect for zope'ing! We also got fries (which I didn't care for, but another in my party liked them a lot so I guess it's a matter of taste), flank steak (cooked perfectly.. very raw/still moo'ing.. happy happy), and snapper over lime beans and roasted red peppers.. it was all so delicious, but needless to say, it was a lot of food, and after we finished all of that we realized that we had ordered about 3 MORE plates.. to which we told our waiter enough! .. Where is the dessert menu??? :) For dessert, we got a cup of the sour cherry sorbet (good, but a little too sour) and the waffle with salted cashews and ice cream. The waffle was big enough to share.. and it was sooooo delicious. I would like to try the blueberries and honey butter next time though! All in all, an excellent meal and another Chicago restaurant I can check off my bucket list. I will definitely be back!
