Having visited the other Brazilian rodizio restaurants in town, I'd been wanting to try TdB and deeply discounted Restaurant Week pricing provided a good opporunity. I was seated within a few minutes of my reservation time (it was early, but the place was already hopping!), but I had time to notice the spacious, comfortable seating and bar area. It's obvious they are prepared for a lot of people to wait. I was happy to be seated just a few steps from the salad bar area (though behind a column, so I sometimes had to signal the gaucho to ask for meat). The salad and veggie options were just great, along with smoked meat and several cheeses. You could make a meal of it if you are a vegetarian coerced into visiting a meat-centric place (and save a few bucks). There are more selections than at either Fogo de Chao or Brazzas. Side dishes of potatoes au gratin (thin slices of potato covered by a slighty cheesy cream sauce), fejoiada (Brazilian style black beans -- but nothing like the delicious preparation found in Brazil), and rice to go with the beans -- definitely forgettable. The meat offerings are extensive. My strategy is to pick two or three that I really like and eat a reasonable amount rather than try to eat some of everything, and I go for the varieties that are juicy and flavorful -- notably the picanha, the flank stake, and the small pieces of garlic beef. I usually skip pork and chicken dishes, because they often turn out to be dry at these places, so I didn't sample them at TdB. The leg of lamb was juicy and well-flavored, as was the sausage. The meat offerings did seem more extensive than at the other places in town. The cheese bread and mashed potatoes are nice accompaniments for the meat, but it would be better if they were served with the meat rather than while you are eating salad, since they are tastiest when hot. My dessert, was ok but of the mass-produced, refrigerator cheese cake variety. Coffee was so-so. I liked the availability of Guarana, a Brazilian soft drink. I found the server attentive (he couldn't stop asking if everything was OK), and he hunted down a particular meat I wanted when the gaucho didn't come by with it. I disagree with those who say this is a good place for a romantic dinner or to do business. The place is just too big and too busy to feel either elegant or exclusive, although the decor is very nice. Brazzas is the better option for anything other than just a celebrative outing.  If you and your spouse want to come in your jeans and sweatshirts, and bring a couple of unruly kids with you, you will (unfortunately!) be in like company. Likewise if you're a group of middle-aged men out on the town who are already three sheets to the wind when you sit down. For some reason neither Brazzas nor Fogo de Chao get as many of those types. If I'm going to spend $50+ for dinner and cocktails, I'd leave the ankle-biters at home.
