Oh my God. I've been wanting to go to Publican since it opened; nay, even before it opened. I had heard all of the superlatives about the beer list, the pork-related foodstuffs, the trendy dining experience and all that. But mostly I had heard about the beer list. And the pork rinds. So a dozen of us trucked on over there for our 11pm(!) reservation last night, and let me tell you, we were not disappointed. They told us that they were waiting for our table to clear out, and offered to take our coats and start us with a drink at the bar. Excellent, friendly service. Everyone got something different and they came quickly and efficiently. I was an idiot and went cheap with a Gumballhead, but later went back for a kriek lambic that was out of this world. Several folks in our party also downed the French cider that was on top, which was to die for. After about 15 minutes, when it became clear that the party hogging our table was taking their good sweet time, they came over with some complimentary pork rinds and fries. DEAR GOD. I am not one for raving about things that are so simple, but the pork rinds really were as amazing as advertised. Light, airy, spicy, and crispy. The fries, fried up in duck fat, were smoky and delicious. I could've eaten a few orders of them. We went a little overboard with the food (not that there is such a thing?). We tried a wide swath of the menu, including some oysters, the fish stew, the ham plate, the country rib, sweetbreads, the apple salad, and the half chicken. All were great. The oysters were extremely, just-pulled-out-of-the-ocean fresh. Our table's oyster aficionados were very impressed and gobbled them down quickly. I had never had sweetbreads before, but I knew that I wanted them long ago, and I was impressed. Very lightly breaded and had a great texture to them. The country rib was another standout; so many rich complementary flavors and they melted in your mouth. We got one order of each dessert item and the waffle was the clear favorite, with its light, crispy texture and generous dollop of honey butter. The apple cider doughnuts were also great, but the sour cream ice cream they came with outshined them. This place was amazing, and totally worth the hype. I dreamed of pork rinds last night and have now given three people an extensive, detailed rundown of my dining experience punctuated with a lot of "oh my God!"s and "AMAZING"s. Get thee to Publican.
