OMG. This place is awesome! I've been trying to find a cheap pasta place ever since I left Za's down at U of I (make your own pasta combo for $5! - you just pick out the ingredients and they cook it for you) and I think I finally found it. You know how sometimes you just get a craving for some pasta but dont want to spend $15 - this is the place to go! They have a pretty good selection and most of the pastas are less than $10. Appetizers are pretty decently priced too at $3-4 instead of the $8-10 at other restaurants. I got the Seafood Linguine which comes with mini scallop, mini shrimps and two mussels for 8.75. My bf got the Chicken Farfalle for 7.50 (chicken with peppers and bow-tie-ish pasta). I thought my pasta was pretty good for the price but my bf thought his dish was unbelievable - better than he's had at any other restaurant. There was a good meat/seafood to pasta ratio and the pasta was cooked just right (not too hard and not too mushy). The dishes were huge so we had to home leftovers and they were still good when we reheated them a couple of hours later. I was expecting a fast food pasta place but the ambience there was actually pretty good. They had high tables along the wall with seating for two people (very intimate), a couple of booths in the back and some seating at the counter (perfect for the lone diner). We were going to order it for take-out but decided to stay and eat instead. And then decided maybe we shouldn't have.  This review wouldve been a five star had it not been for the inattentive college-aged waiter who never refilled our drinks unless we asked (several times), never came back to ask us if we needed anything else and made us wait 15 minutes to get our check so that he could promote his new show (he was an actor?) to the couple at the table next to us. I'm sure he could see us waving our hands making the check sign and chose to completely ignore us until he was good and ready. But based on the food and price alone, I would definitely recommend this place to pasta lovers! :)
