I've been to the other Lao Sze Chuan locations in Downers Grove and Boston, MA, and this one is by far the worst of the three. I'm comparing across the same dishes - Chef's Special Dry Chili Chicken, Twice Cooked Pork, Twice Cooked Pork Intestine, Ma Po To Fu, and Pork Intestine with Pork Blood. The Chili Chicken is usually a winner but here it's dry and flavorless. There are so many chili pepper flakes that they actually interfere with the texture, but even they don't add flavor to the chicken. It's just sad and oily, even to me. The Twice Cooked Pork here is also kind of bland and tasteless instead of rich and flavorful the way it should be. The twice cooked pork intestine dish is actually quite yummy, but the portion is quite small. The dish I enjoy the most now out of the ones I've listed is actually the Pork Intestine with Pork Blood. It kind of comes in a soup and there isn't much besides the two listed ingredients, but once you fish them out they're rich and delicious. Love it. I've also tried the twice cooked duck tongue once when I was in an adventurous mood. Don't get it. They're the saddest little peanut-sized morsels that are mostly bone and you spend most of your time trying to figure out what is edible instead of enjoying the dish. Cuisine aside, the atmosphere of the place is also mediocre. It never seems like they have enough room to accommodate people, and the hostesses are all rather rude. (Watch out for the guido middle-aged Chinese guy with glasses who will try and manhandle you regardless of gender!) The chairs are made of transparent plastic and they're kind of haphazard about refilling tea and water. When you dine in, though, they do give you a little dish of spicy cabbage as an appetizer Overall, this would not be the place to take someone you want to impress. It's where I go when I am desperate for some sort of Szechuan food downtown, but not when I want genuinely GOOD Chinese food. It's not a place where I would take friends who are visiting the city, for example - unless they were suffering a similar craving that could not wait until their trip out to a likely better Szechuan restaurant. Hint: guys, I would not pick this as a date venue unless your girlfriend loves spicy, super Chinese food. P.S. If you call for delivery, the woman is strict about zoning but the man is not. Aka if you live outside of their delivery zone, chances are the man will get you your food, but the woman will shut you down.
