I'm going to give Palmer House three stars, due to the fact that our stay there was just over a year ago, and a few things have changed since then (which I just learned of when booking another room for next month).  If you will note the photos that we just uploaded, Palmer House doesn't look like that anymore, nor does the Lockwood Restaurant and Bar look like that anymore.  As they have completely remodeled.  And another thing of note is that Chicago imposed an indoor smoking ban just about a year ago.   While the hotel was most certainly grand, like 3 star (on a scale of 1-3), luxury abounding, I'm not staggeringly impressed by that sort of stuff anymore as I have seen enough of it.  But it's nice if you are with your wife.   We arrived at 11pm and while I had reserved a NON-SMOKING room, apparently they were having a large convention and I suspect they gave away my room.  I had a room number and they gave me a new one.  And what was it?  A smoking room.  I was told that was the last room left (which was likely not true) or they just bumped me as we arrived late in the evening.   I was like "Oh fuck me..."   And since we didn't feel like trying to find somewhere else to stay, having just valet parked our rental car, we decided to just stay.  Upon entering the room it did in fact smell like a pink sheet trader had been chain smoking stogies.  Revolting.  And I say that as a man that enjoys a cigar after drinks.  It was just stagnant.  Horrible I tell you.  I complained when I checked out, complained on the phone when getting back home a few days later, and Hilton never offered to make amends for this in any way.  And to be honest I don't remember if I called my credit card company or not, I don't think I did, but they probably would have covered me, as this was not what I ordered.  Regardless of this initial bad experience, due to the history and location, we will be staying there again.  But this time I told them that if you stick us in a smoking room again, I ain't paying for it!
