I may be cursing myself with this preemptive notion, but I do believe Graham Elliot has opened himself the best new restaurant of the year. With such a fantastic blend of casual dining, world class service and couture 'bistronomic' cuisine, GE is making fine dining not only fun, but completely accessible to the masses. No more suit coats, no more high heels (unless you live and die by them, like moi)... throw out your collar stays because you'll be more comfortable here in your Chucks than in Ferragamos, guaranteed. While the ambiance at Graham Elliot is certainly classy with muted dark woods, white tablecloths and low lighting, you'll find a balance of fun in the small details like fresh fruit as art, peppy servers donning jeans and pumas and a soundtrack to dine by that ranges from Radiohead to The Polyphonic Spree. Chic indeed, provided you have good taste in food and music. Natch. The menu is pared down but well rounded. With only 4 choices in each category (cold small pates, hot small plates, sea, land) you'll quickly find you have everything here that you need for an impeccable culinary journey. Though the offerings do change daily there always appears to be a version of the fan favorites like the Aged Cheddar Risotto complete with real Cheez-It crackers and Wisconsin bacon or the Kobe Beef Tartare topped with a smoked gelato that tastes fresh off the grill, amazing!! Weber eat your smokin' heart out, amateurs. You'll find the small plates to be just that, small. There is enough for a couple bites to be shared between a couple, but any more than that and you're fighting for morsels as we found in our group of four. The order of Truffled Potato Gnocchi complete with heavy-handed truffle oil and a rich, fried egg was literally battled over. There simply wasn't enough. At one point I tried hiding the plate under my dress which still wasn't a sufficient deterrent from flying forks trying to get a last stab of gnocchi heaven. Ever seen a girl practically made into swiss cheese while dining? Two orders next time. Our remaining small plates were also fought over, but nothing stood out quite like that gnocchi. I was a bit disappointed to see a deconstructed caesar salad brought to our table... I had expected to see the same artful presentation which is highlighted on the GE website, but one bite of those delightful and decadent twinkie croutons quickly quelled me on the subject. Moving on to the 'big show', three of the large plates proved to be enough for my table of four, fortunately. Again we all found a singular (and yet again squabbled over) table standout. The pan-roasted skate stacked high on a creamy polenta cake and dressed in brown butter was incredible. It melted smoothly in my mouth and was the perfect combination of sweet and savory. An ideal dish. Like George Clooney on a plate. Only far less arrogant. The short rib stroganoff was equally as delicious to me and super satisfying - great soul food!! The only dish that felt a little off for me was the pork prime rib... cooked well, moist and tender I enjoyed everything (especially the accompaniment of artisan grits) but the crust on the pork was insanely salty. Too salty even for me, Lil' Miss Pretzel Licker... my friends seemed not to be bothered by it, but I doubt I'd order this dish again.  Nothing beats saving room for dessert and be sure you do at Graham Elliot!!! Chef took every measure to make sure the sweets stood up to the bold flavors of the main dishes. We sampled three desserts, each one better than next... I can't stress it enough, set aside some extra treadmill time and go for the glory!! The molten carrot cake and dark chocolate brownie were both ahhh inspiring and super decadent but none was as unique or impressive as the corn frozen custard with salted toffee, blackberries and freeze-dried corn crumble. I can't begin to describe how satisfying this treasure was. My ideal dessert. Like George Clooney on a plate. Only naked.  I think I've gushed enough and you get the idea... GE pulls through with flying colors, foams, truffles and bubbles. An experience you won't find anywhere else in our glorious city. I can't wait to come again, again and again. Like George Clooney on a.... ahhh, never mind.
