Is it awkward to order? Kind of. Is it pricey for what you get? I'd say so. Is the seating uncomfortable? Definitely....Is it delicious? Abso-freaking-lutely. We got there on a Saturday night around 8:30pm and the line was all the way to the door. We hadn't done any research on Xoco prior to arriving so we were quite taken aback by the popularity of it. For the line being so long it moves relatively quickly, it took us probably 20-25 minutes before we placed our order. While waiting in line the hosts were very friendly, they offered everybody drinks and took the time to walk through the beer selection, answering questions along the way, for whomever was interested. Once you get close to the front of the line, the host asks how many are in your party. When seating for that amount opens up you are ushered to the register to place your order. After ordering, you are taken to your seats to await your meal. We were seated shoulder to shoulder on uncomfortable stools at a bar running the length of the dining room. Most of the seating is of the lunch counter variety, though there are a few tables. It didn't take long for our meal to arrive after being seated, probably 10 minutes max. Our meal consisted of a goat barbacoa torta with pasilla-tomato salsa, avocado, onion and cilantro and the woodland mushroom torta with goat cheese, black beans, arugala and 3 chile salsa. The Goat Barbacoa was incredible, one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Everything was perfectly balanced, just the right around of spiciness, richness from the avocado and a nice crunch from the toasty bread. The woodland mushroom wasn't what I was expecting. It's super rich with a nice nuttiness to it. If I was blindfolded and told that it had a thin layer of almond butter, I'd have believed you. Because of the richness, the 3-chile salsa was absolutely necessary. It cut through the mushroom to create a nice balance. Overall, I'd give the Goat Barbacoa 10/10 and the Woodland Mushroom a 7/10. All in all, the food is fantastic and that outweighs most of the negative with the seating arrangement and ordering process. They do have take-out service, I'm thinking that's the best way to experience Xoco. You can avoid the crowd and still enjoy the delicious sandwiches.
