What do you do when you're trapped at home with two feet of snow covering your sidewalk? You go to Longman & Eagle, of course.  My friend and her husband got the fantastic idea that we should use the Great Thundersnow of 2010 to go to all the places that normally have a really long line. But even at 5:30 pm, this place was already rocking. We waited 15 minutes for a table, and then was ushered to the back room.  Server was incredibly knowledgeable about the food and the whiskey.  Between the three of us (and one baby), we had: Scallops:  They did not skimp on this one! Two huge scallops (as in, we had to cut them into quarters) sitting on top of oxtail, surrounded by gnocchi. Four stars out of five. Chanterelle agnolotti: Technically, this was the baby's dish so I didn't eat too much, but what I tasted was mind-boggling. So rich and delicious. Five stars. Mixed greens: Your normal greens with vinegar and salt. Nothing too special. Two stars. Burger: Okay, so I didn't actually try this one... I'm presuming it was good. I ordered it just so I can have the beef fat fries. WHICH WERE AMAZING. Five stars. Bone marrow: It's official -- I'm not a huge fan of bone marrow. Probably because my mother has been making them for fourteen years and she's damn good at it. Three stars. Chocolate tart: A little too bitter for my taste. The bourbon-laced tapioca on top was genius, though. I could eat that by the spoonful Three stars. Gosling's Ginger Beer: I've never tried this one before, but I like it! A great non-alcoholic alternative since I really hate whiskey. Atmosphere was fantastic... tables were close together but not uncomfortably so. White, unadorned brick walls. I'm a huge fan of their clear, globe light bulbs, which cast the perfect amount of light to be intimate and friendly. Since we were seated in the back room, we kind of got around the mess that was the front... I could see how having dinner there would have been annoying with all the people smushed around the bar.  Last but not least, a jukebox filled with songs I don't recognize. This is Logan Square, after all.
