Did Guy F move to Chicago? I really feel like I am food stalking him...everywhere I go...he has been there! Does he have a condo on the lake? Can anyone confirm that info? The only reason I bring this up is because, when we walked in here they asked us, "Are you here because you saw us on Drive-in's, Diners and Dives?" Now I am starting to understand Johnny T's dislike of Guy!!! I proudly told them that I had bookmarked them on YELP and today was the day we were cashing in on that note. First thing..bring cash...no credit here...in fact, next time I am going to bring Costa Rican Colon's here to pay...I wonder if they will take it? If I was paying in Colon's our bill would have been $6,665.09 Colon's...wow that seems expensive and I am going to need a bigger pocket to carry all of that!!! Maybe I will stick to US dollars...our lunch cost us only 13 bucks and we were stuffed...this place is a great value for the money you pay. Okay on to the food. I made a huge mistake. I let the waitress and my wife talk me out of getting a steak burrito. The waitress said, "You should get the papito because that is the one that Guy liked!" And my wife said, "We can split it and you can have my half of my burrito!" This all seemed logical until my wife offered me a taste of her burrito and I realized I had made a huge mistake and not ordering the burrito. Maybe Guy doesn't know what he is talking about. Also, I never did receive the other half of my wives burrito and I do not blame her for that...I would not share it either. She did let me take a knife and cut off a sliver. Now do not get me wrong the papito was good but I was expecting a little more. I also added avocado and hot peppers on there. I did not feel any burn from my sandwich and noticed there was not a lot of hot peppers on there. I pointed it out to the waitress and she brought me over a little dish of more. I dropped those on the sandwich and it definitely fixed what was lacking in my opinion. My wife also started sneaking a fork into my hot peppers. Next time we are going to need separate tables. And if I ever do get this sandwich again I might ask them to cook it medium rare next time. The waitress never asked how I wanted it cooked and I never thought about telling her until it was too late. My wife got the veggie burrito and are you ready for this...added steak to it. Is it still considered veggie at that point? I am not sure but it really tasted good. One bite and I was hooked and sad at the same time. I had to go back to my papito...the sandwich not my Dad! I wish I never had a bite of her burrito. When I do come back I am getting a whole one all to myself. I am also going to bring alcohol too. Yes this place is BYOB with no corkage fee. Thank you for not ripping off your customers with the stupid corkage fee. Our waitress was also really good too. Once she had learned that Guy F had not sent us and she had taken our order...I talked about how many reviews on Yelp talked about the Oatmeal Shake...she said that it was crazy because it seems like that is what they are known for. Minutes later she brought us over a sample of the Oatmeal Shake and said, "You can not come in here and not try the shake!" How sweet was that? I love good service and I also love a business that knows how to make a customer happy. That type of service and dedication to a customer is what will keep me coming back here again and again!!! Also the oatmeal shake was really good. I am not a desert kind of guy but I will order this thing. You can even get a pitcher of it too. I wonder what liquor would taste good in here...maybe some rum! This is where the BYOB comes in handy! I almost forgot about the free chips and tomatillo salsa verde at the start of the meal. The tomatillo was so yummy and spicy...I started sweating but a good kind of burn. I also poured this on my papito too. It was really tasty and one of the better salsas you will find in Chicago!!! I am going to need a jar of this to take home!!! I really liked the vibe at this place. The menu was great. I loved the chalkboard in back with the staffs favorite app and the top ten places to visit in Costa Rica. I had not idea that there was a little Trip Advisor going on back here. I also must comment on there delivery area. I think the delivery area here is larger then Costa Rica...no I am not exaggerating this! They go from Lake Michigan to Pulaski and then from Belmont to 16th Street. I have not used it but I am crossing my fingers for a huge snowstorm tonight to try it out. Who am I kidding? 2012 was the warmest winter ever...thanks farmers almanac for getting it wrong!!! I can hardly wait to come back here and enjoy my own burrito and a spiked pitcher of oatmeal shake. This place was so worth it and I am glad to be removing the bookmark for Irazu from my Yelp. You are now on my list of restaurants I will be coming back to in the future!
