I saved the best for last as I am writing up all my reviews after returning from my Chicago trip tonight. Alinea was THE restaurant I've longed to go for some time now. Finally I made it out this past weekend with my friend who was willing to fly all the way to Chicago just to eat at all these wonderful places with me even if she's pregnant! Last year she took me to Manresa (currently one of my favorite restaurants) for my birthday and this year it's Alinea. Yes, I have the best friend in the world that spoils me wayyyyy toooo much! I don't know how I'm going to outbeat this night when it's comes time for her birthday next year. We got there early and they happily seated us to our tables upstairs. I was all smiles because I was so excited. This was the most unique experience I've ever had - one of molecular gastronomy. eehhh?? what is that? It means "scientific discipline involving the study of physical and chemical processes that occur in cooking" Every dish was creative and complex. We were impressed with the imagination and the detail that were delivered in each of the 14 courses. Yep, 14 courses. Thank god we didn't do the 22 courses because I felt like my stomach was going to burst at the end of our experience. One must be open to eating anything and everything, and appreciate the flavors to truly enjoy this restaurant. 1. Trout Roe with coconut, hyssop, passinofruit - sweet, spicy, salty 2. Tomato with basil, mozzarella, olive oil - tomatoes came in different forms (hydrogenated, jelly, etc) with a icy foamy mozzarella with cubed balsamic vingear jelly. 3. Cauliflower with five coatings, three gels, apple - this is a seasonal dish. There were 5 custard like cauliflower cubes. Each coated differently (parmasean, almonds, bacon, don't remember the rest). But you really have to use your palate to distinguish each one. 4. Lobster with popcorn, butter, curry - yummy but a little too rich especially if you pop that butter balloon which my friend did =) 5. Wagyu beef from Japan with maitake mushrooms, smoked date and Blis Elixir - this was my favorite. It was so flavorful that it kept me wanting more. 6. ShortRib with Guiness, peanut and friend broccoli - this was a big dish and we were only half way through our menu. 7. Hot potato with cold potato, black truffle and butter chives - it was a generous portion of truffle. This was my friend's favorite dish. 8. Lamb with potato, sunflower, sweet spice - whew, last of the savory dishes 9. Concord grape with yogurt, mint and long pepper - the big ball was in a shot glass which we had to open wide. The big ball cracks in your mouth and oozes out. My friend almost choked on this one. 10. Watermelon with fresh coriander, tamari and bonito 11. Bacon with butterscotch, apple and thyme 12. Pumpkin with gruyere, Blis maple syrup - this was cool. We ate this over a pillow of smoke so it's like your eating a smokey dish. 13. Chocolate with fig, olive and pine - oh boy, we can't eat anymore but we manage to eat it because it's so good. *** Birthday chocolate ball **** 14. Dry caramel with salt - dried flakes of caramel that becomes chewy in your mouth. Finally, we made it through our meal. I didn't even mention the breads which accompanied some of the courses, such as the napa cabbage fennel bread or the oolong tea black sesame seed bagel. We should get a prize for getting through the finish line though we were quite impressed with the couple behind us finishing up a 22 course menu. Alinea also serves a very nice range of teas - one which was a imported 1947 tea that cost $95 for a cup of tea! holy cow! At the moment, Alinea, Manresa and Joel Robuchon (Tokyo - Ebisu Garden location) are tied on my restaurant list. I think if Alinea served less rich dishes it would be the top of my list. We're already talking about our next trip in the near future to El Bulli (Spain) and Fat Duck (UK - I couldn't get a reservation when I was there this past August so next time I have to call exactly 3 months in advance) which both serve molecular gastronomy cuisine. Hopefully we can do New Orleans before that since my sister and her are craving crawfish - hhmm... could just be a pregnancy craving for both of them so we'll see!
