You will wait at least 30-40 minutes to get into this "gourmet fast-serve" food place. That's right, gourmet food served fast-food style.....if fast-food places had insane lines, that is. You will pay an average of $4 more per torta (a kind of Mexican sandwich) here than at Mexican restaurants around town. You will squeeze yourself into one of the uncomfortable metallic high stools that make up the majority of this small restaurant's decor. And damn it, you will be back! You know why? Because during your wait you can chat with people in line, check out the menu, watch the way the food is prepared, and get excited about the meal you are about to have. Because you can help yourself to the complementary taps of fresh and sparkling water available at the counter. You can also ask the welcoming and efficient manager if you can buy a drink while you wait in line, and thus get either a freshly made juice of the day OR(!) one of the numerous bean-to-cup hot chocolates. Because, once you start eating your food, you realize that no, it is nowhere near "comparable" to other tortas around town. XOCO has the best tortas in Chicago, and even my Mexican boyfriend had to admit it after visiting numerous other places. Fresh ingredients, freshly made, inventive and delicious. You will find that the soups ("caldos") here are also great, but the oven-made tortas are truly the best (Gunthorp chicken and Ahodaga especially). The grilled ones have to come a distant second, and first-timers shouldn't get them. Because you can finish your meal with 3 delicious and freshly baked churros for only $3, and they will be goooood. Because, as you promptly leave after you finish eating, you will realize that the metallic stools are the best way to get people to focus on the food and then to politely depart, freeing up space for those hungry excited fresh faces in the 40 minute line-up. I have been to XOCO at least five times, various days of the week, various hours of the day. Always a long wait culminating in a delicious experience. The picked onions paired with the chicken in the Gunthorp torta are almost worth it alone. I keep trying to come back on a Thursday so that I can try their Thursday special Mole pork torta. Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.
