BEST BRUNCH!! I've been to Mercat maybe 5 times for dinner and it's always SO YUMMY! We almost always do the Chef's Tasting menu to make it simpler because we are usually a party of 6 to 8. The servers are always attentive and accommodating. They know exactly how much to bring out with perfect timing, and if there is a special request (like someone doesn't eat shellfish) they will bring a substitution for that person. HINT: ask what is new for the season. For example, last winter we had an amazing tapa made from chestnuts, not on the summer menu. The servers will then be sure to incorporate any tapas that you specifically want into the tasting menu. I don't understand the people who complain about the small portions. Um, they're tapas. They are supposed to be small and no one is limiting your order. I've brought some friends here with cave-man sized appetites and even they came away stuffed after the Chef's Tasting. True, the restaurant isn't "cheap" but what good Chicago restaurant is? Whatever our final bill, we have always thought it totally worth it and so has everyone else I know who's been to Mercat - especially when we've spent just as much at other restaurants very mediocre food. But I digress ... this review is really about BRUNCH! Went for brunch last Sunday with a few friends and we all loved it and will definitely be back. It's an amazing deal ... for $25 you get a choice of four tapas and that includes bottomless mimosas, sangria or bloody marys. For brunch they have a special section to choose from with 'eggy' selections in addition so to some of their best tapas from the dinner menu. Additionally for an extra $6 (I think) you can go up to the carving station for the suckling pig and charcuterie selection. Trips are unlimited so I suggest some creative ordering if you get my drift. We started with coffee and our 'eggy' selection with mimosas for course. Then had the more savory selections brought out. Service was great. We never ONCE had to ask for our mimosa glasses to be re-filled. Our server must have been on auto-pilot with that! YOU MUST TRY THE ALMOND-STUFFED BACON-WRAPPED DATES SITTING ON SLAW & DRIPPING WITH BLEU CHEESE EMULSION!! Forget the bacon-wrapped dates you had at any other Spanish restaurant or tapas bar - NO COMPARISON. These are little nuggets of heaven :-)
