*WARNING*. Gilt Bar may give you restaurantgasm, which may have similar effects of rainbowgasm (http://www.youtube.com/w ). After 2 visits, I can say confidently every component of this place is truly perfection. The interior, patrons, music, drinks, food...they all make up a beautiful marriage of artistic ingenuity. The interior. Beautiful dark grey walls, rich, dark woods, plenty of candles, and a whimsical chandelier centerpiece which conjures up fanciful images of starry, starry nights. The patrons. An eclectic mix, anyone from baby boomers to sophisticated twenty-somethings can be found here. The music. A wishful soundtrack to my life. Within 10 minutes I heard 2 of my current always-on-repeat artists, Robert Plant/Allison Krauss and the Black Keys. The music is not overbearingly loud, but plays at a nice ambient noise level. A perfect backdrop. The drinks. There is an ample beer and wine list, but be sure to try one of the cocktails. I enjoyed the Le Bar St. Germain, made with Lemon, Prosecco, St. Germain and garnished with a lemon twist. Crisp and mildly sweet. On a seperate occasion, the Pimm's Cup totally won me over. It tasted like a spring day in Oxford, England. The food. I've tried the Ricotta Gnocchi with Sage and Brown Butter and Tender Beef Pot Roast with Red Wine and Glazed Root Vegetable. The perfect dishes for a cold, Chicago winter, the flavors were exquisite, the portions just the right size, and both definitely fit the bill of hearty comfort food. The pot roast was the stand out dish and paired with a glass of red, warmed my soul. The meat was tender, juicy, and broke apart beautifully. I wanted to lick the red wine sauce off the plate. For sweets, I shared a slice of the Brown Butter Apple Cake with Goats Milk Dulce de Leche. Delicious and fitting for the season. Definitely get this to share, as the portion is generous and the sweetness is ...gasm inducing. After a meal in Gilt Bar, make sure to stop into the speakeasy themed bar in the basement, Curio Lounge, to get your Nucky Thompson on. Thanks Mahsa T. for turning me on to such a gem and sharing the pot roast with me!
