When my good friend announced we needed to go to Davanti because it was the best food he had ever had in Chicago, I was skeptical. Don't get me wrong, I love Italian food as much as the next girl, but in my experience it rarely blows other eating experiences and cuisines out of the water. I stand corrected. I have been to Davanti twice in a month and this coming from a girl who lives on the Northside and tries to check out new restaurants rather than doubling back. This place is that good. One, the decor is lovely. The back of the dining room is adorned with shelves and shelves of wine bottles and the bar area is lovely with nice blown glass-looking lights and walls decorated with wood from wine boxes. It has a rustic Italian feel to it without being cheesy or over the top. The service is also good. It's attentive and efficient, but without rushing you or being pushy. But the best, of course, is the food. Both times we had the toasts with ricotta + honeycomb and roasted corn + walnuts + aged goat cheese + arugula + wild mushrooms salad, and both times, both were the highlights. I love good cheese and I've eaten a lot of it, but this ricotta is fantastic. It's so smooth, rich, and creamy. I'm also not sure if it's the honey or if they add something to it, but it has a light flavor of fennel seed that is oh so delicious. The corn salad is also spectacular. It's a warm salad, which was perfect for the cool night we had it on, and so flavorful. I love that the corn mixture and arugula were both separately dressed with different dressings so the mixture was layered with flavor. On one occasion we had the pizza della terra and the other the pizza della fattoria. Both are fantastic, though the pizza della fattoria is quite rich thanks to the cheese, bechamel, egg, and pork belly so if you order it you may want some lighter items to offset the richness. The hanger steak and risotto are also fantastic, though the risotto again is a little on the rich side, though not excessively so. Both times we ended the night with the torta bacio which is ABSOLUTELY fantastic. The chocolate-hazelnut mousse is incredibly light and chocolately. I love that it managed to be decadent without being too rich or too sweet. It was also perfectly contrasted against the crunchy bottom and the earthy cocoa nibs. All an all, this was a fantastic meal. My only gripe is the $7 corkage fee for wines off their list. I guess they include this because you can buy their wines to take home (and avoid the fee) but this is a little frustrating to me because since it's a flat fee and not a percentage it means that the price for the more affordable bottles goes way up, while it is pretty minimal on spendier bottles. Yes, it's noted on the top of the menu, but I didn't see it and would guess most don't see it either. I say just roll it into the price of your wine and give those who buy the wine to go a discount. This policy sucks, but the restaurant itself is great. Really hoping this practice/policy changes because everything else is spot on. If you're going to charge $7/bottle corking fee no matter what it makes me want to bring my own.
