*shakes fist in air* Darn you King Rick! *again shakes fist in air* I mean... Chef Bayless! Your majesty! Umm.... Sir? I tread on holy ground. Now that Oprah is leaving, I fully expect Chef Bayless to take over as the ambassador of Chicago. The man is the man and keeps doing it and doing his stuff well. His newest place is coming with a slight twist at his XOCO. Dishing out wondrous street fair as only R.B. does, he hits the ground running and he does it in true Bayless fashion. First off, the space is small, but the staff is friendly and around to help you figure out what is what. Buuuuut here are a few tips: If you are eating there and they don't have a seat available, you have to wait to order. So eat, enjoy and skedaddle. People are waiting for their chance to eat. Carry out doesn't happen from 10am to 3pm, but if you can't finish your food you can always get a to go box. Bring a friend or two and split and try, try try! I came with a client of mine who shares the same excitement for food as I tend to, we decided to split a few tortas so we can get the maximum taste testing in. When we scanned over the menu at about 2pm, we had more room in our eyes than stomach. We paired it down to four, down from the original 8. A trio of churros and some limonatas. We grabbed a pair of seats at the end of one of the counters and waited for our food. Oh wait. Churros already? Not a problem. (Who says you can't do dessert first?) We chowed down on these slightly sweet, cinnamony, chewy and crunchy morsels of heaven. I think next time I will have to get them with a hot chocolate. Then our quartet of tortas came out, the griddled Milanesa chicken, pickled jalapenos, tomatillo avocado salsa and cheese was my favorite. Flavorful and blended so well. The choriqueso was probably a close second, cheese and homemade chorizo, roasted poblanos and cheese made me think twice about sharing. But if I didn't I don't know if I could have tried the very spicy, (or mild or medium if you prefer), Ahogada. Pork carnitas with black beans and spicy arbol chile sauce make this a pretty good choice. Though not as hot as I had hoped, it still brought a sniffle to my nose. The Pepito, shortribs carmalized onions, jack cheese, black beans and pickled jalapenos was fourth but really, there are no losers here. All five are winners. Oh wait... I still had room for my fifth which was the Gunthorp chicken with pickled white onions, black beans, avocado and salsa. I could only finish half of it but gave the other half to a friend a few blocks away. She proclaimed it to be one of the top three best sandwich she has ever had. If she only had the other ones... Will I be back, yes. In a word hell yes. I need to go back for the hot chocolate. Rick, taunt me no further, for you have slayed my heart and captured my stomach. My longing hunger is yours.
