From the outside, one would never know this was a 4 star YELP favorite. Just a grey corner building with no bells or whistles. Inside the place is a corner Chicago tavern on steroids. The bar is to the right with floor to ceiling spirits (whiskey, bourbon, scotch, vodka etc). To the left 6 to 8 tables, but then in the back 6-8 more tables. I wanted to go for dinner, but the lunch option presented itself due to being in the area just past lunch time. We arrived and wow, all the people. We asked the nice hostess and were told 15-20 minutes, heck why not. We step to the side and began our wait, looking at the menu and soaking in the atmosphere. I could not help notice that just about everyone had a bloody mary. Certainly had to get one. After 10-15 minutes, the table was ready. Wow, the hostess was not lying, a very nice change of pace. We sat in the back, which is not as loud as the front, however, you don't get to see all the action around the bar. Not that this place is all little black dresses and 4 inches heels. The patrons are come as your are, shorts, t shirt, jeans, some dress pants, and dresses too. I got the crab eggs benedict, and my wife got the omelet. Both were very good. Either came with a side salad or potatoes. I opted for the potatoes, although a bit salty, they went well with the eggs. My wife got the salad and raved about the dressing, but to me it was way too lemony. I also got a side of toast. Just two thin pieces of oblong toast for $3, with butter and jam. I will say that maybe the best toast I have ever had! Seriously it was so good, I have no idea what they did. And yes I got the bloody mary, but I got it with whiskey opposed to vodka. Sorry folks, it was awful. I did not even finish it. This coming from someone who drinks scotch and gin straight. l left half in the glass. Next time I will get a virgin one and see how it stands on it's own. Service is very good. Orders come quickly. A huge spirit selection. Local ingredients. Unique menu items. My only knock, portions are kind of small for the price. But hey, this is locally grown grub, so I will will sacrifice quantity for quality.
