I've been here for brunch and dinner. Both were phenomenal. For brunch, I had the red wine poached eggs with la quercia prociutto, sourdough and bearnaise. Delicious. How could you go wrong? I loved the brunch but the experience I had here at dinner was by far the most impressive. I recommend going with a group of at least 5 people and sharing a bunch of plates so you have a chance to try many of the delectable dishes on the meat-heavy menu. We started with the Taste of Three Hams which includes: - Serrano, a rich and wild ham - La Quercia Rossa, mild and smooth - Benton Country Ham , smoky and sweet You can't fully enjoy the Publican unless you indulge in their pork products, as you might guess from the giant paintings of pigs that adorn this spacious, design-conscious restaurant. I hear that the oysters are wonderful too but we tried the fish & chips and the sand dabs. The fish and chips were perfect, flaky and moist. The sand dabs were excellent as well, almost buttery in the way that they melt in your mouth. Everything I've ever had from the Slagel Family Farm is delectable and the Sirloin Steak at the Publican is no exception. You'll want to savor each bite of this flavorful cut of meat and the avocado/beet side dish compliments its flavors perfectly. The farm chicken with summer sausage and frites will not disappoint as it is ridiculously tender and moist in the way that good chicken should be. The crispy frites soak up the flavorful chicken juices! You'll probably make inappropriate noises and you definitely won't want to stop eating them. I have two final words of wisdom for you: PORK BELLY. The maple glaze gives it a perfect sweet crispness on the outside and the inside is pure juicy, mouthwatering pork goodness. Trust me, it's everything you want it to be. By the end of the meal I was in the happiest meat coma I've experienced in a while and I'm already planning a trip back. Grab some friends and JUST GO. You won't regret it. P.S. THE BEER LIST. The. Beer. List. Just do it.
