what is all the hype?!?! the sushi is nothing special and the service on my one and final experience at this restaurant was the worst i've ever encountered. Po'boi roll and wet dragon rolls were ok but Butterfly Sushi (a way better BYOB sushi alternative) has way bigger rolls for similar prices and in my opinion more delicious. Matt was our horrendous waiter. Our party of four arrived to celebrate a bday at 5:30pm for our reserveration. we were among the first tables seated that night. our table was precariously wobbly and not able to be fixed with the folded napkin trick. after asking the waiter if we could shift over to any of the 10 empty tables surrounding us, he snapped and said "all the tables are rickity and are gonna wobble". as to be expected, this waiter had no internal clock and made our party wait excessively between serving water, popping the cork, taking our appetizer then sushi orders, etc. he proceeded to break one of the corks for the red wine without telling us and placing it back on our table. when we told him parts of the cork were still stuck in the shaft and only a trickle of wine managed to come out, he brought back a sake bottle and told us to siphon the red wine out and distribute with the sake bottle!!!!!!!!!!! we had to make a second order since our sushi rolls were smaller than expected and what we paid for. when he came to collect the paper menus, we asked him if we could keep one in case we wanted to order more. he hesitated and said "well ... i guess ok, but don't spill any soy sauce on it". wtf!?!?! at the end of our miserable meal, we decided to tip about 9.54% since our service was needless to say not up to par (i.e. greater than or equal to 15% gratuity). the waiter came to our table after collecting the check and boldly said "is there something wrong? i've never been tipped so low for a 130 dollar bill! if that's the way you guys are gonna be, then fine. but come on..." infuriated by his audacity and cluelessness, i spoke to the manager about the waiter's poor service. she acknowledged that his behavior was inappropriate and apologized. i told her that we have never had such a poor experience at a restaurant before and would not come back. she proceeded to ask if the food was ok and did not attempt to entice a 2nd try of the restaurant with any sort of incentives. we had such a bad experience that this night inspired me to be come a yelp member. fortunately, my future reviews have no where to go but up.
