Shockingly, stunningly good. Each course was refreshingly unique, and exceedingly successful. I'm one-hundred-percent positive that I want to eat Jellyfish pad thai for the rest of my lunches from now until eternity. My girlfriend and I went to celebrate her birthday and my recent move to Chicago. I work in the restaurant business and we go out quite often. Because of that we both are averse to putting out fellow restaurant workers, and so try to be as low maintenance as possible. That being said, we have food restrictions (i.e. allergies, vegetarianism) though we try to get dishes already on menus rather than trying to get special meals.  We didn't have to worry about that at Schwa. Executive-chef Michael Carlson personally tailored a 10 course meal for each of us. Mostly it was just subtle changes in the current menu, but I didn't even ask (I figured that we would just have half the courses and that would be that) and he just created a couple new dishes for us. I brought a paired beer, wine, and spirit for each course as Michael gave me a menu 2 weeks before we dined. The staff was exceedingly friendly throughout the entire experience and I have mountains of good things to say about Schwa (and not a single negative comment) which I will mishmash-paraphrase: Musicriffic, drunkenilicious, not just bang but Ka-boom for your buck, meal. That aside, I know that a number of my friends, as well as a couple of reviewers, have been down in the doldrums because of the difficulty of getting a reservation, so I will give you, the reader, the same piece of advice that I gave my friends: You can certainly sit on your couch and call occasionally to try and get a reservation at a place that only has 5 employees who spend the entire day prepping amazing meals (and don't have much time to answer phones), or you can walk your lazy asses down to Schwa and talk to them in person. They are extremely accepting of people walking in between 3-4pm and you can usually get a reservation for sometime in the following 2 weeks. It's worth it. It's worth every imagined inconvenience and every penny spent.
