This is only a partial review. I didn't eat at Uncommon Ground, just had a beer at the bar - ahh, but what a lot you can tell about a place by watching and especially listening to the staff on a slow Monday night! Here's a handy comparison - I'll explain below: Uncommon Ground : Whole Foods :: The Heartland : your local co-op grocery There are certain things I liked about Uncommon Ground before I even ordered anything. First of all, I'm glad the space is filled finally - I go past it every day. I'm also glad that the place has a nice bar, with decent beers on tap. And finally I'm glad that there's a cozy atmosphere inside. Still, there were things I didn't like before I ordered anything, too. Primarily, it's too expensive. I would love to have a creative brunch spot nearby where we can go with our two kids (M Henry is good but too far to go in winter with no car). We are NOT going to drop $50 on brunch, which is what would end up happening here. And while I like that UG has booze, we could go to the Speakeasy and have a nice meal without breaking the bank because it was BYOB. OK.... so what happened when I finally decided to pull out my wallet here? I ordered a Goose Island Matilda on draft. Unfortunately, the bar was not yet equipped with the official GI tulip glasses, but the bartender poured it into an appropriate wine glass (actually what they use for water, I gather from overhearing conversations between the bar staff). Happily, though, it was not too cold, which is absolute death to Belgian-style beers such as this. The lack of glasses seems symptomatic for the moment... the management still hasn't ironed out all the kinks yet, and even things as basic as pint glasses apparently are not reliably stocked. But things are up and running. Here's what I don't like about UG: a couple sat near me at the bar and commented that "the neighborhood needed something like this." To my mind, that's code for "this place is suitably upscale." What's wrong with that? To repeat, it's too pricey, and I would add, a little precious.  What do I mean by my comparison above? Heartland is a little shabby, kind of erratic, but earnest and also kind of obvious. Uncommon Ground claims to follow the same moral compass, but it's much slicker, more urbane, and (unbelievably) more self-conscious, and so not really as loveable. The tab for my beer: $8. Don't get me wrong - I know that's a pricey brew. But it's just not a place that I'm going to be able to afford very often, even for the occasional beer. If I do end up eating here, I'll add some more comments to this review.
