Yay! I'm a fan only when I'm rich for a day unfortunately. :O( When you arrive here, you notice there is not a lot going on when it comes to the decor. When you do sit down and look around you realize the bare walls are needed to present the modern art they have hung here. They have Andy Warhol, Vik Muniz, and other notable artists. Visually all the artwork is stunning. The lighting is dimmed somewhat to create a warm toasty mood. Here is the link for you to check it out and the artwork: http://www.trurestaurant I took my friend here for a birthday treat. I called in advance and asked if they could do anything special for his birthday and they did. When they presented the menu, in bold letters at the top they printed his name with Happy Birthday on it. Too cool. You have a choice of either a fixed meat or veggie menu or you can order off the menu from what I remember. We both decided to order the 5 course collections menu. Heck if you are there, you might as well do it right. Right? I really did not know what to expect, because after all, this is a Lettuce Entertain You restaurant. I am anti chain with restaurants, but this place has been noted as better than Charlie Trotters, so I had to check it out. Wow! Is all I can say about their food. I really enjoyed the fact their portion sizes were not huge. Throughout the five courses, they really did allow us to pace ourselves. Sometimes the food came out in little gift boxes where you had to open them up to eat them. (This was a dream come true for me. Dinner in gift boxes. Brill!) Of course everyone loves the caviar staircase. (Custom made for Tru I might add) My friend said it was the best tasting caviar he has ever had. All my veggie dishes were seasoned to perfection. I could tell they used the freshest ingredients here. Earth flavours were notable in every bite. The whole experience took about 4 hours. Now that seems a long time, but, when you are spending this amount of money, you really do want to savour the moment. At the end of it all, we both said we felt 'just right' and were very content with the whole experience. The 5 courses with wine came to about $400.00. Does that seem expensive? It does for food but I have to say this was money well spent. From beginning to end it was worth ever penny. Now all I need to do is start saving to I can go again. Bah!
