SuperDawg is a classic style drive-in restaurant complete with car-hop service. As far as I'm aware it's the only such establishment within the City of Chicago. There are a number of spots you can pull your automobile into and either order from kiosk menu system and PA, or you can get out of your car and go to the glass enclosed ordering area. There is a copy of the menu (along with pictures of various merchandise available), and magazine covers, newspaper articles and other pieces of printed media displaying the various awards and recommendations this establishment has garnered. You go to a small sliding window, place your order, and then are given a number, when your order is ready, your number is called and then you pay. Before I reviewed SuperDawg I wanted to make a fresh trip back and base my review on that visit. I got out of the car on this trip and service was speedy once I placed my order. In the past year or so this establishment has started talking VISA cards as well, which is different than in the past. Once you receive your food you'll notice that your SuperDawg or other food comes packaged in an elegantly detailed cardboard box detailing specifically what you ordered along with a cartoon character on the top or side of the packaging, it generally comes with a handful of fries as well. On this visit I purchased two entree's, the SuperDawg and the WhoopskiDawg. First, the SuperDawg. The hot dog itself had a nice soft poppy seed bun. The hot dog itself is plump and juicy, it's definitely a tad spicier than a typical Chicago style hot dog but in a good way, the mustard has a very nice flavor and none of the condiments are overpowering. This was an excellently balanced hot dog, with the bonus of having a both larger and better tasting than normal sausage itself. The hot dog used here has more flavor than a standard Vienna Beef or Red Hot Chicago Jumbo dog. Overall, this is the best hot dog I have found in Chicagoland. Next off is the Whoopskidawg, I chose to have this with onions and BBQ sauce. There was a small bit of green tomato on it as well, the bun and sausage are longer than most places and the sausage itself is grilled. The bun has a sweeter taste than most hot dog buns and the sausage itself has a nice grilled flavor to it, the skin gives a nice snap, while at the same time not causing so much bite resistance that it requires two chomps. The combination of the sweet bun, juicy sausage, BBQ sauce and chopped onions is absolutely a winning combination. This is a fantastic sausage. Finally the fries, SuperDawg serves a brown, crinkle fry, it's not too greasy, has a nice amount of potato on the inside, yet still manages to maintain a flavorful and satisfying fried outside. These fries are great as well and a nice compliment to their hot dogs. The pricing at SuperDawg is quite a bit higher than most Chicago hot dog places, but you're paying for premium quality food. Overall SuperDawg receives my highest possible recommendation!
