It's often difficult to find places that know they are good, and are not going to try as hard as they can to make you feel like you need to exit bowing to them. L&E is one of those places, with food that is memorable and meticulous. FOOD - Venison Pate: though I'm not usually a fanatic of pate de campagne sorts, this one actually had that moist, spreadable richness that store-bought counterparts lack and replace with crumbles that fall off your toast and embed themselves into the carpet that's always somehow white. There was a hint of some clove and great spice. The pickled cauliflower cut through the spread with some mild acid. - Olives: it's weird to review olives. However, the freshness of olives sometimes hints at what to expect for later, much like how a dirty bathroom can equate to a similar-looking back kitchen. Light brine, not overly oiled, and unmuddled in flavor, these were generous portions that almost all the tables seemed to get. - Headcheese: Reminded me less of the cured kind of headcheese and more of the taste and texture of a well-braised pork shoulder. The quail egg spilling over the top of it definitely helped the dish out. Again, pickled vegetables (this time onions) were a plus. - Gruyere Donuts: savory desserts that are not just appetizers pretending to be desserts are rare finds. This one had the softness that resembled beignets and that nice nuttiness that worked. SERVICE The busboy was really concerned about our dishes of only half-eaten food. Apparently, he believed that we were ready to throw in the towel after a whole half the pate was left, and a third of the gruyere donuts sat there still warm. After the fourth attempt to collect our food, my tone for "no" started to sound more confused than polite. He never came back after that. I preferred his absence over having to feel like a cheetah guarding a catch from hyenas. Busy nights at a popular restaurant sometimes inevitably suffers the consequence of being too successful with a shortage of waitstaff. However, for the time and circumstance, it could have been much worse. Come here before 5:30 on the popular days, and the wait is less than 10 min. Come here after 7pm and you will be drunk by the time they show you your table.
