***While the rooms are small, Hotel Felix is a nice hotel with modern and fresh decor, comfortable beds, clean rooms, good room temperature, and good showers; all these advantages plus their very good location make this one to definitely consider if you can get a competitive room rate*** Hotel Felix is an eco-friendly (Silver LEED certification) boutique hotel that has a convenient location in River North. It is close to one of the subway lines as well as many well-known Chicago restaurants (Ria, Graham Elliot, Rick Bayless' spots) and The Magnificent Mile. A lot of Chicago is walk-able and staying at Hotel Felix makes the walking part even easier. The hotel exterior (an older, renovated building) stands out with its huge (but not garish) sign. The inside of the hotel is small--from the elevators to the lobby to the rooms. I thought my room, which was on the top floor was actually not too small (maybe bigger than what some of the other reviewers had) and provided a decent view of some of the nearby big buildings. The room was very modern with modern but still comfortable furniture and kind of a minimalist approach. The room was very clean and the bed was nice and comfortable (good linens too). The bathroom was also nice though the sink was very shallow (you are likely to touch the sink basin as you wash your hands). The shampoo and soap were provided by a local company (H2O, which you will also see on some United flights). The room featured your standard stuff like TV, room service, iron, ironing board, and ice bucket; complimentary internet access was also provided. In terms of amenities, there was a spa as well as a decent (though small) 24-hour fitness center. Service was good. The front desk was pleasant and polite. The bellhops were really good--friendly and very helpful. Room rates are high here though it is about what you would expect to pay for a nice boutique hotel with a good location (though the rooms here might be smaller than other boutique hotels). You can get deals here though. I think they did a Yelp discount here once and you can find pretty good room rates on the online sites like Expedia. Hotel Felix is a nice and modern hotel with a very good location. It also meets my key needs of comfortable bed, comfortable room temperature, clean room, and a good shower. While the rooms are not huge, the pros far outweigh that one negative and I would definitely consider returning here if I could find a competitive rate. For parking, I think it is pretty expensive--probably $35 or more. Though to continue with their eco-friendly theme, Hotel Felix provides free parking to guests who drive hybrids.
