Are you sure? Seriously? These are the best hot dogs ever? Oh sorry, I mean encased meats, not just hot dogs. Excuse me. But anyways, I don't get it. What's the big whoop? I'll probably either be crucified for daring to write this review when this place has hundreds of reviews comparing it to the Second Coming of hot dogs. I mean encased meats. Who doesn't love a good sausage fest? Waiting in line on a Wednesday afternoon was long - my party of 4 made it just long enough to be considered "out the door." Just barely. This made me think, "damn, this better be worth the hype, or I'm kicking ass and taking names." Okay, not really, but you get what I mean. I settled on a regular hot dog with everything but mustard and one of the speciality encased meats of the day - Parsley-Infused Weisswurst with Guinness Stout Mustard and Chive-Shallot Tintern Cheese . Oooo... I get a taste of snooty fancy dining wrapped in a white bread bun that reflects on middle class Americana that's more of my comfort zone. I also got fries and a fountain drink. I ordered a large, but Doug was actually nice enough to tell me to go for the small with unlimited refills. Nice watching out for my wallet, Doug! But I have a feeling that the fountain drink was my Judas. I never drink pop these days, but I downed two cups of Cherry Coke before my meal even came because I grew up loving this stuff, and face it, I have poor impulse control. Which made everything I tasted to be okay or meh. Not fantastically wonderful that everyone proclaims this place up to be. Good, but not worth waiting for hours for a taste of this. I felt bad with my friends watching me excitedly to be overcome with waves of orgasmic pleasure that one is supposedly to feel when the good Lord touches them. It was okay. But it could have been the devil's bastard child, HFCS in that Cherry Coke, numbing my tongue to the pleasures of encased meats. So, sorry, I don't see the big deal about this place being the Second Coming, but go ahead and bind me to the cross - what good is a resurrection without a crucifixion? And, hey, we're about 2,000 years overdue.
