Let me preface by saying I've been here twice. The first time was several months ago and I thought it was really good. The second time was less than desirable. So I'll review the times separately since I had two totally different experiences. The first time I went, we had a group of about 10 people. Tapas isn't really meant to accommodate large groups since the portions are small but we ordered a few things for the table and the individual things we wanted to try. Our waitress was very good and extremely helpful. She made sure anything we ordered individually got put right in front of us and that we knew it was ours. The patatas bravas are the main reason to come here and I wasn't disappointed. I also enjoyed the cheeses - if you're with a group, get the Mixto platter to share. It's chef's choice (I wish you were able to pick which three you wanted to sample) but I haven't been disappointed with the chef's choices yet. The atmosphere was wonderful, the sangria was delicious and we had a great time. We were also given a few freebies on the chef that were delicious, which I thought was a nice touch. I recently visited Mercat again, this time with 4 other people. This experience was much different. They seated us at a table meant for 8 people, even though there were plenty of other smaller tables available (we had a 10pm reservation) and the music was way too loud to try to hold a conversation. Our waiter stood at the opposite end of the table and we could barely hear him. When our food was brought out, it was mostly just dumped in the middle of the table even though we'd ordered specific things for ourselves and no one really said was anything was or if they did, we couldn't hear them. I ordered the bacon wrapped dates for myself and the portion was smaller than I remembered so I thought it was a freebie from the chef and told my friends to eat them because I was waiting for mine. A friend's dish was also brought out with the complimentary dish from the chef and no one told us what it was so we ended up eating his dish as well. We had ordered patatas bravas and they never showed. When the waiter came by later, we asked him where the rest of our food was and he told us they were out of patatas bravas and that all our other food had been brought out. We were pretty disappointed by the time we left. At some point, I'll probably give it another chance but the last experience totally evened out the awesome experience I had the first time I ate at Mercat. I do have to say though, the white wine sangria is delicious.
