I hadn't been to Wildfire in a few years so I was looking forward to revisiting what I remembered to be a good spot. Now, I love steak and I especially love a good steak house, which I don't classify Wildfire as, but they do serve up a good side of beef, and it's not as expensive as a real steak establishment, yet just as tasty. We were dining with friends and had a reservation for 7:30 last night and it was PACKED in there. So crowded it was hard to move anywhere once we stepped inside. Despite arriving on time, right on time as a matter of fact, we still has to wait about 20 mins. for our table, so we grabbed a drink in the bar area. It was a little hard to navigate in the bar area because several people, I guess, decided to forgo their table and eat in the bar, so in addition to the large crowd you had waiters navigating thru the human maze carrying huge trays of hot food. We were glad when our buzzer buzzed to be seated. The dining room was equally as crowded and equally as loud. Despite sitting in a u-shaped booth we had to shout to hear each other. Our waiter was very nice, attentive, helpful and pleasant. My husband and I split the crab cakes for an appetizer, and to be honest they weren't really that great. Some of the best crab cakes I've ever had came from Houston's..ahhh, how I miss Houston's. Anyway, I prefer them to have little to no breading, just crab. I had the rib-eye: cooked perfectly, very tasty, very tender. The horseradish crust, however, was just, eh. It was mostly oily and not all that tasty. The white cheddar potatoes Au gratin...to die for, trust me. Cheesy, creamy, a nice brown crust on top, yum! My husband had the fillet trio (tasty), and our dining companions had the mahi mahi and NY strip- all very good. We were way too stuffed to indulge in any of the gargantuan deserts presented to us, and it was getting too loud and too hot, so we took our leave of Wildfire. From our seat we had a direct view of the kitchen and the open flame used for cooking, and I don't know how those poor chefs survive back there. I couldn't imagine eating there in the summer. There is a wonderful old-school, old Hollywood feel to the place that I enjoy and will visit again.
