At this writing, Glenn's Diner has 538 reviews. Glenn probably doesn't need to hear my opinion, especially since I'm now one of many, many fans. This review is for breakfast items only. A friend wanted to meet for lunch here. Initially, I was reluctant, because I know Glenn specializes in seafood, and I think all fish, crustaceans, mollusks and the other assorted sea creatures are just as gross and disgusting dead as they are alive. HOWEVER . . . thanks to the wonders of the internet, I looked at the menu and saw that, even I, someone who is totally adverse to the denizens of the sea (this means you, too, seaweed snacks. EEeewwww!!), saw that I could easily find nourishment at this watery restaurant on Montrose Avenue. Friend and I visited on a weekday at almost exactly noontime. Friend, who is more weird than I care to admit, did NOT want to sit outside on that beautiful, sunny, pleasant day. (I need some new friends. . . ) I found her indoors. She told me she had recommended Glenn's because the eggs are so good. She ordered three eggs, and added blue cheese. I went with the 3 eggs with parmesan and green onion. Both come with a potato pancake, and your choice of bread. I chose raisin toast. I tasted her food in the process of inhaling mine. The eggs were delicious, and perfectly cooked. The potato pancake, I thought, was a nice touch; somebody in the kitchen must have gotten bored with the standard hash browns and searched out this acceptable substitute. The potato pancake had a creamy consistency; said friend told me that it was made with sour cream. A young man (hey, you all are looking young to me these days) was our server, and he was efficient, prompt, and welcoming. He asked us both if we wanted butter on our bread; that was very good customer service. I liked the atmosphere at Glenn's, too. I particularly admired some tapestries on the west wall, and asked about them. The server went to some trouble to get me information on them. All in all, I very much enjoyed my visit to Glenn's. I can think of nothing to criticize, except possibly my choice of dining companions. That woman really is a pill. (meaning - she's hard to swallow.) I sure wouldn't say that about anything at Glenn's.
