****THIS REVIEW IS IN REGARDS TO DINNER SERVICE**** Brian and I read on facebook that nana was open for dinner service from 6-9PM on Tues/Wed/Thurs of this week, as a trial for the "pre grand opening" on Friday, June 4th. Yeah, they're not ready to open yet. Our server comes to the table, a young, tattooed-up girl who seemed maybe too shy and nervous for a serving job. I could barely hear her (and not because of the noise, which was only present when cars drove by). She asked if we had questions about the menu. I asked about the soup of the day and all she could tell me was that it was a "veggie soup" with micro-greens from the garden. I ordered it, it was $4 for a cup (which for this place is a deal). She then brought out cups for our wine. Yes, juice cups. No wine glasses. We brought a $30 bottle of Grenache that would prob go for at least double in a restaurant, that I have been saving for a nice dinner date with my boyfriend, and we get to drink it out of juice cups. Lovely. Even better, she plops the cups, and a corkscrew, on the table, expecting us to open it ourselves. Now, there is no corkage fee and I don't go to BYOB's often, but I feel like they should have opened it for us. Especially since a lot of people are unfamiliar with using waiter's corkscrews. All in all, the look on my boyfriend's face was a little bit of shock, disappointment, and "wow...that was pretty sad..." She comes back with the soup, which is more like a thin marinara sauce with a kick. Big chunks of peppers, potatoes (???) carrots, and tomatoes. Kind of weird, and kind of luke warm. She then goes "so are you ready to order yet?". Is that the way you speak to customers???? I order day boat scallops (whatever that means) with three bean salad. The scallops were good (although a bit undercooked, but I like that). The salad, however, was not. It was cold, and the beans were severely undercooked. When there are only 4 scallops on the plate (it was REALLY expensive for this, $20, but I knew coming into it that this is what I should be expecting), a cold salad makes the scallops get cold fast too. I ate the scallops, and ate the lima beans in the salad (which, in their defense, was nicely made up of green beans, yellow string beans, and lima beans, along with some pickled onions). That's about it. I almost forgot to mention the VERY SMALL dollop (almost non-existent) of "smoked tomato vinaigrette" on the plate. I read the menu in advance, brought the grenache to pair with this. But with no sauce on it, the scallops and beans had no flavor of their own, and the wine was completely overpowering. Even worse was my boyfriend's Kobe beef burger. $12 for a burger that was about the size of a quarter pounder at McDonald's, that he ordered medium and came out well-done and dry. Quoting right here from the menu, this was what was listed on the menu: "Classic Nana Kobe Cheeseburger - Dietzler Farms Kobe Beef, Aged Cheddar Cheese". He also added Maple Dijon bacon for $2. Well, his burger comes out with mixed green lettuces, tomatoes, and is slobbered with a garlic aioli spread. I'm going to be honest here, as someone whose stomach gets really upset from mayo/mayo-like sauces - if that's what comes on your burger, put it on the damn menu. Plus, if you are putting heavy sauce like that on there, mixed greens can't support it. Romaine leaves would stand up to the sauce, at least. I also think those spreads really mask the flavor of everything else...which was probably a good thing, because it was otherwise flavorless. I tried it, was unimpressed. He was too, and I know he doesn't like the aioli either, but pretty much forced it down because he didn't want to send this mess of a burger back. Oh, I forgot to mention that they ALSO put those same pickled onions from my scallop dish on the burger!!! Is this Chili's or Applebee's or what?? Are you really trying that hard to use the same ingredients in every dish?? Pickled onions absolutely made this burger gnarly. The only positive was the home fries that they serve at breakfast were the "fries" here. Also not disclosed as being part of the dish, so it was like a bonus. Although a little weird that they are incorporating breakfast dishes into dinner service...don't you think? So finally, we arrive to dessert. We'd been looking forward to "desserts for the table", a mix of cupcakes and candies to try, all day, and were going to bring some home for his mom. Well, we order that...and were brought back the "special dessert" - a chocolate mousse mixed with huckleberry mousse. I liked it (even though the mousse was more like frosting). He did not. I thought this was gratis in addition to our other dessert. Well, we never got our other dessert, just the check. Well at least we saved $9 on dessert by not getting the right one...$6 for mousse, $15 for the table tray. I'm not a fan of the new chef. I don't think I'll be back, despite pre-opening jitters. Not sure this can be saved...
