We actually came here at 11 last Sunday for lunch and we didn't have to wait at all. Definitely a plus in my book. The place didn't start getting really busy until we left around 12:15, which is fine by me. However, we still didn't have that great an experience so I can definitely say that Revolution is nothing more than A-OK in my book. I really, really wanted it to be a four or five-star experience, but that just isn't going to happen. The Cheddar Ale soup is always delicious, but that was the saving grace of my meal. I ordered the Tempe Reuben for lunch and it was borderline disgusting. Now, I know I didn't order real a real Reuben so I probably shouldn't have expected anything righteous, but I usually enjoy vegetarian everything so it should have been better. The spices were totally off-putting - instead of tasting like beef (with lots of pepper and salt) this tasted like curry. I don't recall a reuben ever tasting like curry... it was definitely bizarre. The aftertaste was pretty much awful and my fries tasted burnt instead of crispy. Honestly, there was nothing reedeeming about this entire sandwich meal, which is really sad. My boyfriend had the Mustard Herbed Chicken and he also thought it was OK. The mustard was good but everything else was either soggy or dry and it was just bizarre. All in all, I'd say Revolution really hasn't gotten the food thing down. I've tried multiple things here now and the only good one was that Cheddar Ale Soup. And since their meal options are so pricey, I'm not going to come back here several more times just to sample more food to see if any of it is good.  I will say that the beer is pretty good, especially the Coup d'tat Saison, but it's almost impossible to just come in here for a casual drink at the bar since it's so damn busy. I really wanted Revolution to be great and it's just not. Now, I just want Revolution to be a place for my friends and me to go and have a beer, but it looks like that won't happen any time soon, either. Revolution, I don't think you've brought anything great to Logan Square - just more foot traffic from people who don't live here and cars on Milwaukee. -Beer Only- If I were able to only rate the beer, I'd give that a solid four stars. Especially the growlers. Best invention ever, Revolution. I don't even have to enter your bar for prolonged periods of time to get beer - I can just come in, get my beer and be on my way. Good job on that.
