The location is prime. That's one of the biggest things you look for in a hotel when visiting a city for the first time. If you have never been to Chicago & are unsure of what area to stay in (as I was), don't worry, just go with Hotel 71. It is a 5 minute walk to Michigan Avenue. If you go right, you'll hit Millennium Park in 5 minutes. If you go left, you'll hit the start of The Magnificent Mile in about 5 minutes. The further down Michigan you walk, the more upscale the shops become. So yes, the location is prime. However, there are still some negative points worth noting. We stayed in room 2414; it is a corner room with magnificent views. It was also very cold, being as it is April. We blasted our heater full blast, but for the life of us, we could not get warm. I was beginning to think something was wrong with US, until I called the front desk to have someone take a look at our TV because it wasn't turning on. When the repairman came, he fixed the TV and I told him about our heater. Well, he fixed the heater, but then the cold air wouldn't work. Why do we need the cold air after I was just saying how cold we were? Well, we had the corner room with magnificent views, right? Which meant, windows around 3/4 of the room. Although it was cold and windy out, the sun was still shining, so when we would come back to our room in the afternoon, IT WAS BAKING HOT. The windows do not open out (& rightly so, as it is the 24th floor), but with the AC not working either, we had to close the curtains for some relief, which sucked because we did have such a beautiful view. There is a mini fridge under the TV. Perfect for keeping our water cold. It came in handy, too, for our leftover deep dish pizza. But when I called room service to ask for a set of utensils, they refused, saying that they can only bring me utensils if I ordered room service. Well then, why did you give me a damn fridge in the first place? I suggest that any hotel that gives you a fridge in your room should be willing to heat up your leftovers & supply you with utensils. It only makes sense, does it not? Valet is $49 a night. I didn't rent a car, so this didn't bother me, but still, that's a lot, City prices, I guess. What was annoying about checking in though was the nightly incidental charge. I prepaid through Expedia and then called the hotel directly to ask if they required a deposit for incidentals. They told me no. I specifically asked and again they said NO. Upon check in, the front desk tells me there is a deposit of $220, which came out to something like $70 a night. He tells me he cannot take cash for it, it must be put on a credit card. This was incredibly annoying because I did not account for an extra $220 in my travel budget. The clerk kept calling it a "hold" but come on friend, let's call it what it is - a fully refundable deposit, granted you do not order room service. Unless you want a fork, in which case you'd have to order room service. Blah. And how come the doorman doesn't open the door??? This is the ONLY hotel I have stayed in where the doorman doesn't open the door. If I have to open my own door, it's because there is NO DOORMAN. They don't even say HI or WELCOME BACK whenever we came back to the hotel. Maybe Hotel 71 should stop by a Kimpton hotel & see how they do things. There's one across the street... But location is prime & the views were magnificent. Free wi-fi, although it was spotty & only seemed to work in the bathroom, but we learn how to pick our battles, I guess..
