So, looking around for a place for me and my Honey. You know, it's two years together, and we wanted to do something on the actual date of us meeting, (Don't judge the love) and our usual go-to is closed on Mondays.  After recruiting help from some of my friends (thanks everyone!) Cafe 28 won out. When I called, I mentioned it was a special occasion for us, and asked if Monday night would be a mellow night ("Shouldn't be an issue").  Well, I was a little concerned when we walked up, it was balls to the walls! As we walked in however, we are taken to a dining room that is not being used by anyone else but us. I was really touched by the extra effort to accommodate. Hospitality rules. So, seated in our private dining area, my Honey and I enjoyed some bubbly with our appetizers. The ceviche was beautifully done, the shrimp a plump and a spicy, but not too, spicy delight. Along with, was the flavorful and tasty,Tamale Cubano, (more like a filled, baked polenta than tamale). The pork was very tender, and the polenta/tamale was baked, and yet still had a very creamy texture. I know, oxymoron city. Deal with it. Entrees for the evening were the blackened duck and the honey jalapeno pork chops. My Honey ordered his duck medium rare, and happy was He.  I, however, stupidly did not read that it was honey jalapeno pork chopS. Yeah, there were two big luscious juicy chops waiting for me to take care of. Uh, so... I ate one. Worth saving the other chop for an afternoon nibble. The duck, can I say this? I was bi-carnivorous for the evening!  My only qualm with the pork chop dish was the need for a green vegetable addition. I ended up ordering a side of grilled asparagus for myself, so no complaints (if only all of life's problems were solved with a side of asparagus). For our dessert we shared the tres leches cake. Much lighter and cocconutty than other versions I've had. I enjoyed the cake because it seemed to be flavored more with true coconut milk, than sweetened condensed milk etc. It made for a dessert that you could enjoy completely. I like.
