Oh dear. Whoever says this is comes first and Lou Malnati's comes second must have defective tastebuds. Bf and I came here during our second day in Chicago, our first and third (of 3 days) being at Lou Malnati's. R originally said to give this place 3-stars, and then reconsidered with a 1 by the end of the night. Here's why: We pre-ordered our special (basically a supreme) stuffed pizza as we waited for 45 minutes for a table. Inside this place was packed with large crowds, a small standing area, and a bar full of other people waiting for tables. Got our table after waiting for 45 minutes. Ordered the breaded zucchini and mushroom appetizer, large portion, though it was unfortunate the mushrooms weren't fresh. They were really brown,dark and tasted rottenish if you took off the batter. The batter was hard and dense, and really dark as well (problem when you reuse oil a lot).The marinara sauce wasn't tasty so I kept using the ranch which both sauces came in tiny plastic dipping cups (the kind you get for to-gos). This place already did not please me. The pizza finally arrived. We were both tired of eating our overly fried, rock solid battered vegetables. Our server plopped it down, told us to wait, as she went to attend to some older couple, then finally came back to serve us. WTH? The pizza was definitely thicker, toppled with heaps of cheese and crapload of sauce on top. Surely, their serving for 2 people is 10" instead of 9" at Lou's but it really didn't matter. I asked the bf if there was any sausage and if he was able to taste anything, but all he said was "sauce." I dug and looked for my sausage and ate it alone, as it had no flavor. We loaded our pizza with oregano, chili flakes and parmesean. Somehow the sauce just took over all the flavor and we still weren't able to taste any additions. Our pizza crust wasn't even cooked all the way through, as the center was still really doughy. The crust was too dense and too thick, which I thought would act as a really good door stopper. A kid and this girl he had been out on a date with, both cut off the crust of the pizza, with assumption that they too, were just not feeling it. Ambiance was like a cheap, knock-off Italian place that had plastic red and white checkered table covers. Our server was unattentive and almost never there. She didn't greet us, nor cared to ask us how we were doing, or if we enjoyed our meal. She on the other hand kept making conversation with the older couples around our area (perhaps regulars?). This place is also a lot pricier when compared to Lou's. The only interesting or fun thing about this place is the guy that can spin dough on his finger really well. He tossed them to the side where the other pizza preppers placed the stuff on top of the dough. He had a couple of flops and almost hit the poor guy that had the cheese duty. He definitely kept us entertained during our 45 minute wait. 1-star for that pizza dough guy (and because yelp doesn't allow for zero stars)!
