Credentials- we're no brewpub rookies. Been to and/or toured all the big ones in the area (Bell's, 3Floyd's, Goose, Piece, Flossmore Station, etc), and many others around the country. Dabbled in homebrewing, been to brewmaster dinners, beer festivals, blah blah blah. You get the picture - beer dorks. So we have high expectations when it comes to brewpubs. It's not enough to just "brew your own beer" - it has to actually taste good. Revolution has got the goods, believe me. On our third visit (they've only been open for 11 days or so), they had 6 of their own beers and 8 guest beers on draught (including a badass "Grober Kurfurst" Dunkel by 3 Floyd's that you can't even buy in bottles, anywhere). But let's talk about the house brews, shall we? Cross of Gold and Workingman's Mild are lacking personality but very drinkable and not bad by any means (great if you don't prefer more intense beers). The Iron Fist Pale Ale is a great balanced american pale ale, for fans of Sierra Nevada and the such, good stuff. Their Porter is called Eugene and it's a great example of the style. Dark, roasty, chocolatey, and strong. The two newest additions to the lineup (they had just the previous 4 beers on tap when they opened) are the extremely tasty Bottom's Up Belgian Wit and the hopped up Anti Hero IPA. The Anti Hero IPA (as my wife immediately pointed out) tastes almost identical to Goose Island's IPA. Which isn't a bad thing. It's a perfect IPA and they serve it in the perfect glass - a tulip (but it really does taste exactly like Goose's famous IPA). The Bottom's Up Wit is also a top notch brew. If you like Allagash White and Bell's Winter White (or Hoegarden, Blue Moon, etc), you'll REALLY dig this Wit. It's has much more personality/balls than most popular Wit's out there. Favorites/standouts are Eugene, Anti Hero, and Bottom's Up. Join the mug club and you get to drink from some serious hardware, plus you get discounts on merch and growlers. And a cool membership card and a secret decoder ring. Ok fine you don't get a decoder ring. Oh and did I mention they have 30+ beers in cans/bottles as well? The food is also top notch. The Carolina style BBQ pulled pork sandwich is my favorite so far. They make/bake all their own breads and they get their pork from some very nice farmers (check http://www.revbrew.com for details). The mussels and pizzas are also good. The beer alone is worth the trip (many of the brews are just as good or better than Piece/Goose/etc), but the food is icing on the cake. Eat, drink, and be merry. The brewpub is well designed. Great 360 degree bar with "fist" columns. Communism theme actually works well (doesn't just sound good on paper, zing). Fireplace is a nice touch, and great use of barrels in the decor. Lighting is good and the window into the brewery is key (every brewpub's gotta have a nice view of the fermentation vessels for you while you drink the finished product). Also love how the kitchen is situated, and love the Xcelerator hand dryers in the washrooms. Ice in the urinals would bump my review up from 4 stars to 5  =) Well, that and the service needs a small step up. If I want servers that don't check back on me and are too cool for school, I'll go down the block to Rocking Horse. I also heard they plan to open up a party room on the 2nd floor by next year. We live less than 1/2 mile away so I'm sure we'll be regulars (the wife and I both joined the Mug Club), but even if you don't live nearby - if you dig craft beers and good eats, you should probably come check this place out. CAUTION: they don't take reso's and last Saturday there was a 90 minute wait for a table of 4 when we dropped in. You have been warned!
