Was in Chicago for the weekend, so we got into Tru for a late Saturday reservation. A lot of people have commented on this, but the attention to detail in service was great. Still, you go for the food and the chef. For me, this is one of those memorable meals where a really talented kitchen creates intricate, beautiful and delicious food. After enjoying the 6 course tasting menu, my only regret was that I didn't do the 9 course menu. The meal opened with a couple tastings from the kitchen that weren't on the menu. The comte cheese gougere was fine, but nothing special. I was getting nervous about what I was in for with this meal. Fortunately, this is the only course I would say was a "solid course." The next thing to our table was a cucumber salad with a cucumber gelee and it was finished table side with a mussel veloute. It was an amazing, amazing dish. There were enough pickled flavors that came through but none of it was overwhelming. The veloute by itself was delicious, with a rich, creamy texture. Great dish and one that was in perfect harmony with all the flavors. One of my favorite plates of the meal, and definitely one of the most intriguing. The first dish that came off the regular menu was their white sturgeon "caviar" served with an avocado mousse and hazelnut crackers. They plate it in a tin so it looks like caviar, but it's not. Still, a great dish with a little spice in the mousse, a smoothness in the pearly beads made with milk, sturgeon. Next was an inside a english pea soup. Again, the dish was a fantastic dish. Creamy, smooth and delicious, but also severed with a bit of whimsy. The pork belly with grits was a good dish. Growing up in Atlanta, I've seen this dish a bunch, so I wasn't as blown away by the flavor combinations in this dish as I had been in others. Still, this is comfort food for me and I expect a lot from it, and Tru's version perfectly executed dish. The next dish was probably my favorite dish: the Scottish Salmon, a sorrel puree, smoked cream and a little bit of fried fingerling potatos. The fish had been seared on one side, giving it a good texture, and then they finished it by oil-poaching it. It was amazingly well cooked. But what really blew me away was the sorrel. Not something I had ever had, but the it gave the dish a slight acidity that played against the cream to really be amazing. The glazed veal came out next. Another of my favorite dishes. The veal had soy and other Asian flavors to it, and it was finished with both a fave bean puree, whole fava beans and morel mushrooms. Another great dish. The "sorbet" course was also great: a cucumber emulsion with yuzu and vanilla flavors. This was light, refreshing and had nice elements of citrus. The desserts came next. First was the apple beignets and vanilla ice cream. The ice cream was really good, but the beignets were amazing. Not overly sweet and really let the apple come through. They gave us a few small pastries while we waited for the check. I was actually pretty full, so I didn't have that many of them, but I did really enjoy the lemongrass macaroon that I had a great deal. They also give you a great almond financier to go that I enjoyed a great deal the next afternoon.
