Now I know alcohol can impair judgment, but I did not realize how much until now. I first visited Frontera Grill July, 2010 for my 30th birthday. Being new to the city, I was not aware of the fact that the restaurant needed at least an 8 week notice for reservation. We put our names in a 5 pm and were seated around 730. In the meantime, we all indulged in a couple of cocktails. I dont know if it was the alcohol or the hunger, but when we finally got our food, it felt as though every bite was a heavenly explosion of spicy goodness. From the ceviche, to the queso fundido, not a single appetizer was a disappointment. At that time, they had a flank steak on their menu. I had it prepared medium rare...OMG amazing. My friend got ribs, which for not being a BBQ place, were amazing! The only mildly disappointing thing ordered were the chicken tacos...oh well. No one can be 100% perfect. Fast forward to April, 2011. My friend and I wanted to relive the experience of Frontera Grill. Before her visit, she made reservations in February so that when she came we would not have to wait! They were prompt in seating us for our Saturday, 9 pm reservation. Unfortunately, the promptness ended there. When seated, we ordered some specialty drinks and tortilla soup for an appetizer. I would say almost 15 or 20 minutes went by and there was no soup or drinks in sight. The waiter FINALLY came by and realized we hadn't received either. He apologized, went back to the kitchen, and brought out our soups. I am pretty sure that Chili's serves a better tortilla soup than what we ate. Not only was it beyond salty, it had been sitting so long, it was cold. Oh, and we finally received our drinks after half an hour. I think they had alcohol in them? Theoretically, we paid for alcholic drinks. Sadly, the meal wasn't any better. I ordered a steak dish, medium well. It was cooked ok, but the cut of meat was pretty mediocre. It was chewy/grainy and kept getting stuck in my teeth. As far as flavor is concerned, I almost want to say I had a better experience at Las Tablas. I am normally a fan of Mexican Rice, but I think instead of making their own, I swear they substituted the rice for Uncle Ben's. Terrible. I had to choose 3 stars vs. any lower since the first time was phenomenal. Whether I ever go back, I dont know. I feel like the disappointment almost ranked as high as being dumped.
