To a windy city vegetarian, Chicago Diner might as well be McDonald's. I believe it took all of three days of living in the city before I made it here based on reputation alone a decade ago. Back in those days, it was pretty much the be-all, end-all of vegetarian restaurants - a meat free oasis. It was the only place in Chicago where I could eat anything on the menu (not that this was necessarily a good thing as part of the reason I'm a vegetarian is I have a hard time with food decisions). Now with veggie friendly restaurants a dime a dozen (well maybe a dime a half dozen), Chicago Diner is not the only choice. But there's a reason it's still among the first few herbivorian restaurants on anyone's lips - and it's not just location. Despite being the grande dame of Chicago's greens scene, it still holds up to a point. We put off Chicago Diner until mid-year for Veggie Supper Club because it was sort of predictable; but for the August offering, we could no longer hold out. One thing had changed since I last went here. Arriving early on what seems like it might have been the last warm day of summer, we went to the back patio. It's far from scenic - it's almost claustrophobic - but it is still a nice way to commiserate and it made the wait nil on a Monday night. According to our server, however, the waits are still huge on weekends. The service was surprisingly friendly considering the crowds with our server sitting down and explaining everything. And the menu is surprisingly complex. Far more than I remember with some of the items bordering on gourmet. They have begun to explore the raw food movement (to mixed results) and have a juice bar. Each item on the menu's that not vegan can be made that way, but hopefully the Diner sticks to being a vegetarian restaurant. Vegans seem to be ruining every other veggie restaurant in Chicago but the diner still proudly and thankfully serves milk and egg products. I was actually limited in what I could eat to soft food (making me pickier than a vegan) which was a shame since the Chicago Diner makes fake meat better than most restaurants through years of experience. Of what I could have on the menu, the mashed potatoes were excellent and the polenta was good (though oddly it came as solid chunks that broke down into a more liquidy consistency in the mouth). I did risk stomach issues to try a bit of Andre W.'s gyro. And it was every bit as mind numbing a meat substitute as I remember from having it multiple times at the Taste of Chicago. Stick to the fake meat at this place and everything will be alright, I guess. I guess only because the prices have never been great but are now bordering on nuts. Even the sides are around $5. It's Mana Food Bar prices (next stop Green Zebra) but hasn't quite reached its quality. Which is a shame because it's had years of a head start to do it. But since Chicago Diner will probably be around for another 30 years, I'm sure, maybe one day it will.
