Checked out this restaurant for the first time last week--as it was recognized as my boss' "favorite restaurant in Chicago." I had always steered clear of the place even though it's 4 blocks away from my apartment because it doesn't take reservations (so annoying!) Props to Rick Bayless though--I was incredibly impressed and have now decided this is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Chicago. That being said, the reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is as follows: 1) Not only are advance reservation not allowed, but they over-quote their wait time. I went again last night and the same thing occurred as the first night. I put my name in at 6pm. Was told 1.5-2 hours for a table (when there were literally only 4 other names ahead of me on their waiting list). Ran home and changed out of my work clothes. Was called by the hostess and told "two last minute cancellations had occurred and I could be seated now" after a whopping 30 minutes had passed. Amazing how that works. 2) Hands-down the single best, most impressive, and delicious dish on the menu are the Chiles Rellenos: Classic, souffle-battered stuffed poblanos (one cheese, one minced-pork picadillo) with roasted tomato-chile sauce; black beans & Mexican rice. --Small problem--the restaurant ONLY serves them on Thursdays and they ONLY make 20 portions of this dish (or a total of 40 stuffed peppers) on the Thursdays they are served. What. The. Heck. So irritating. So, my words of advice are: This Thursday evening--swing by Frontera Grill at 5pm. Expect them to tell you you won't be seated until 7pm but immediately reserve (yes, you have to place a reservation for a table AND this dish) your order of Chiles Rellenos. Grab a marg at the bar. And you'll have your amazing dish within 30 minutes. That all being said, also make SURE you get a fresh ceviche and an order of their chips and guac. *heaven* And if you're not a marg person--their mojitos are insanely good too. The steak tacos specialty plate (Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena) was also out of this world. Didn't much care for the Pescado a la Campechana dish though. So if you're looking for fish tacos, try one of the others!
