Apart of my journey to Chicago, I wanted to try a gourmet burger. Rather then go to Kuma's Corner, I found Lockdown Bar & Grill to be on another list of gourmet burgers worth a try. I figured I'd go on an adventure, so I took a taxi over to Lockdown. Upon entering, I already knew this was going to be awkward. Lockdown Bar & Grill is a hip, grungy, hardcore type of bar. They play metal music, it's dark, and there's televisions around the whole place showing metal artworks or sports. Being the only bladheaded Asian, I'm sure they knew I didn't belong. REGARDLESS! I came here to get a damn burger! I sat on the bar, ordered me a guiness, and went ahead and ordered The Lockdown Warden hamburger medium rare since I thought it was their specialty! The Lockdown Warden burger is -- Certified Angus Beef patties infused with Bacon, Leeks, Garlic, and Shallots, stuffed with Merkts Cheddar, topped with Fried Leeks and Shallots tossed in Truffle Oil. When it came out, I was wow'd. Toasted buns, a very fat meaty patty, and all these fried leeks and shallots were quite overwhelming. Honestly I didn't clearly read what was included in this burger, so when I took a bite into it I was in shock. When I bit into the burger, the pungent smell from the Truffle oil just shot right up my nose. On top of that, the burger started to ooze all over my hands. WTF was seriously what I thought in my head. I looked closely, and was wondering what was it. Having read over what was in this burger, the "juicy lucy" or whatever you call a meat patty infused with cheese was what it was. Having never had one, it just isn't meant to be! I kept going at it, but eventually I couldn't do it any longer. I'd avoid the Lockdown Warden burger unless all I just talked about fancies you. Other then that, this bar does have a great beer & alcohol selection, so you can get smashed easily. Beers at $3.50 a pop, I found that okay. It was an adventure, and I was full at the end of the day --- but I don't think I'll come back. The place just isn't for me.
