I've been to The Gage a few times. I live in the area and after coming here a few times with friends during the summer I popped in solo on a cold Sunday to have a drink and warm up. It quickly became a occasional Sunday tradition for me. Nice bartenders, a well made old-fashioned (although, on occasion one of the female bartenders tops off the drink with soda, and totally ruins it), and those AMAZING mussels. Bliss. A few weekends ago after attending the Prop 8 rally downtown I went to the Gage with a friend to have lunch. Our waiter seemed to really not give a crap about our table. We were left alone on many occasions for long stretches. The only time the waiter saw fit to give our table attention was when he addressed me by my last name (which he had gleaned from my credit card), asked if I was married, and then hit on me in front of my friend. It was very uncomfortable and not the kind of thing I expect from a restaurant like The Gage. I admit to being a bit conservative (socially, not politically!) but I thought it was totally out of line. But I've been called a little uptight before so I let it go. This past Saturday while shopping with my mother she suggested we go to The Gage since I'm always raving about it. I didn't think a thing of it until we got the same waiter. The waiter who proceeded to stand a little too close whenever he came over, and then again tried to hit on me by asking if he knew me from somewhere. Through the course of the meal my mother, who knew nothing of my previous experience, noticed that he would be standing near the bar, staring at the table. I could not enjoy my food and ended the meal as soon as possible. I was with my mother for chrissakes! If I rate the Gage solely on my summer and solo experiences I would give it five stars. The mussels are amazing, the fish and chips are absolutely yummy. The brisket sandwich is flavorful and tender. The caramel creme brulee with black pepper biscotti is absolutely AMAZING. I'm still dreaming about it. My friend raved about the peanut butter beignets. I probably would have enjoyed my eggs benedict (with those YUMMY mashers) more had I not been made so uncomfortable. The bartenders are all super nice and friendly, especially to a girl dining alone on a chilly sunday. Overall I think the Gage is a quality restaurant/bar/gastropub/whatever, but I can't say I'll be returning any time soon.
