Here on business, I came to Crisp after browsing around places to try in Chicago. Korean, chicken wings, adventure all in one night? Sure why not! I took a cab from downtown Chicago, and arrived at Crisp in roughly 15-20 minutes with traffic. The fare was rather cheap, wrapping at around $15. Entering Crisp, you are in a pretty vibrant environment with bright colored walls, 3 park bench seatings, and also tray & wall seatings facing outdoors. Come in, look at the menu, look at their bowls, and look at all that yummy chicken you can order! What brought me to Crisp was the chicken wings, so that was on my #1 list on what to get. I opted to get 10 wings, 5 Seoul Sassy, and 5 Crisp BBQ. Asking the waiter what type of sides were good, I also decided to get some crispy fries with the whole meal. I waited by the window seating drinking my water. When they called my name, I came to get my order to realize I may have over did it. Why you ask? Well as a west coaster, when I think chicken wings, I think buffalo wild wings or wing stop. You know what's in common with these two spots? SMALL ASS CHICKEN WINGS. BOOM -- the Menu reads "Whole Jumbo Wings" -- *hits forehead* .. 10 of those bad boys were a challenge for 1 person! Two people may be doable, but I still think 3 would be on the safe side, however I went ahead and attacked those wings because they looked so delectible. First off, the wings were frieds & cooked to perfection. Such "CRISP" skin, and tasty. That's what I love about chicken wings first! Then the meat, which wasn't skimp and a lot for the money! For the flavors, the Seoul Sassy wings were sweet with some Korean spices and soy. It was marinated so throughly that the meat inside had some of the flavors found with the outside skin & sauce. These wings were rather glazed and not hardcore saucy like the ones I found on the Crisp BBQ. Those wings were like you were eating BBQ ribs. Saucy, and thick. It was spicy & sweet, and gave a little kick. Not overly done, just about right! Man so DELICIOUS! The fries were also good if you are into crispy fries. On the table they had these two sauces, one called something-something Atomic, and the other was called Buddah sauce. I fell in love with the Buddah sauce & rather use ketchup just layered my fries with it. Off the tip of my tongue, I knew what the sauce was, but even while I am writing this review, it still alludes me, but man was it g-o-o-d! Other things that Crisp offers are these bowls that looked like they were worth trying as well and also sandwiches. Being the ease dropper I am, the chicken bowl looked tasty. They also offer burritos which are what are in the bowls, but wrapped up, so if you want variety, there you have it. I left full, only finishing 4 wings, and half the fries. The smell of the wings in my hotel room right now makes my mouth water. Is it worth all the hype? As a out of towner, I think so if you are into Asian flavors and chicken wings is your thing! 4.5/5 Stars! I'll be back next time I'm in Chicago.
