Violet Hour is your sheik, find me if you can, swanky, everything from scratch, wait your a** off in an, at times, imaginary line bar. Perhaps I should have thrown in a few more adjectives up there. People were certainly in all levels of attire but pants and a shirt feels more appropriate than jeans and a Smurf T-shirt. In my view Violet Hour will have you waiting on a list for at least an hour regardless of they have tables or not. I'm not mad at it because it's a good psychological approach to building demand and desire. What is important is that they'll let anyone in waiting so you don't have to feel cool enough or rejected. The staff once inside is also quite friendly and not at all stuffy like you might expect. Once inside it's really a cool dcor and set up. The high backed chairs give you the feel that each tiny table is its own private booth. These guys make every syrup, garnish, and otherwise that goes into a drink aside from the base alcohol. This kind of preparation has to be respected because it's time consuming. It is also art work. The drinks are tasty and certainly something to experience. I only had their hummus appetizer but it was very good. The hummus had a very nice texture with just a hint of garlic which gained strength has I took bite after bite. The bathrooms are really nice in that they are completely separate; meaning that there is one door per private bathroom. I suppose if you want a little boom boom time you could get away with it in private. You'll probably be to buzzed to care if your caught anyway but the place does have an energy that will have you thinking what I'm saying. All-in-all if you're out for something very different and really cool this is a great place. Good for dates or to show off Chicago to an out of town friend you can go wrong. Just don't come if you're looking for a quick drink; you will be waiting in line for some time no matter when you go....it's what they do! Prost, Cheers, Salud, Bon Appetit, and all those great wishes
