Finally, FINALLY, I was able to try this amazing place. First of let me tell you that I've gone 2 days in a row. Yup, you read right, 2 days in a row....less than 24 hours even. I had a late dinner with my friend there last night and felt the need to return for lunch because I didn't get to try the amazing tortas. And let me tell you I'm SO glad I did. When my friend and I went for dinner I had the hardest time making a decision of what to order. The tortas looked amazing, but the soups smelled delicious. It was about a 45 minute wait so I had time to decide, but I could have eaten everything on the menu and by the time we got up to the counter it was a game time decision. I ended up ordering the Carnitas soup, which was just incredible! Chunks of avocado, chiyote, corn/potato dumplings, and shredded carnitas topped with arugala....what's not to love??? The serving size was just right and trust me there's was nothing left to eat from that bowl once I was through with it. My friend and I also shared a basket of chips and guacamole which was great...but my only complaint is I wish the guac portion was a little bit bigger. The chip to guac ratio was like 10:1. It was actually smart for me to order the soup for dinner because they're not available until after 3pm, so after I had been bragging about this soup to my husband, we decided to go there for lunch today. Since we were early it was only a 10 minute wait, but because it was before noon, soup was not ready. Luckily XOCO's menu is set to please everyone. I ended up finally trying a grilled Milanese torta which was breaded crispy chicken, pickled jalepeno, black beans and cheese on bread served with a tomatillo salsa. The portion was HUGE, but honestly it was too good to stop eating. My stomach was saying no, but my mind kept saying hell yes. My husband ended up ordering the Carnitas wood fire torta which not only was delicious, but the presentation was gorgeous. Served on a baguette, there were chunks of shredded carnitas, pickled onions and a chile sauce, served dipped into a bowl of salsa. Much like you dunk grilled cheese into a bowl of tomato soup, the sandwich was crispy, but had absorbed the wonderful sauce. It was a mouth full of heaven. We topped off this last visit with one of the many hot chocolate options and let me tell you....this alone could be the reason why I give this place 5 stars. I have grown up with spanish and mexican hot chocolate, but have found it hard to find in places unless I have it shipped. Rick Bayless, culinary god, serves a long list of different hot chocolate options from the Authentic which is ground chocolate and water to the Barcelona which is pure, thick and rich chocolate. My husband ordered the Barcelona and I had the Ultra which is a shot of hot chocolate with almond milk...and both were AMAZING. Honestly, I know that I went 2 days in a row, but if XOCO was open on a Sunday I would round it out by trying breakfast there tomorrow, but unfortunately I'll have to wait until Tuesday. Don't miss out, this place is truly one of the best in town!
