Eat. Sleep. Whiskey. That sounds about right. Came for breakfast, because I'd been craving a first-meal to rival that of an epic first meal I'd eaten in Las Vegas, at the infamous Hash House a Go Go. If you haven't been to Vegas. I urge you to go TODAY. If you have been to Vegas, and didn't go to Hash House, what's wrong with you?!? Suppose I should consider myself lucky that my in-laws and my sis-in-law live there, so we have to inside track to all the secrets, which is why I gained 10 pounds on our last weeklong trip to Vegas for Xmas. Part of the weight gain could be attributed to eating half of my wife's chicken and waffles. So for whatever reason, I was craving some more of that salty sweet goodness.  It was a little windy out so we chose to eat inside. I just love places that look like L & E do. Like a repurposed shack that just happens to put out great food and spirits. Exposed brick. A collection of bolts on a window ledge. Interesting shiz. There are 2 menus - Food and Drinks. I think the Drink menu is longer than the food menu, as it should be at every fine eating and drinking establishment. I was stuck between the Old Fashioned and the Shandy, but I thought, "Other than camping, it's too early for whiskey". I was wrong. I do that a lot. So I had a shandy with my breakfast, made with one of my fave beers, Hacker Pschorr. It was good, but I could have ordered the Old Fashioned and done with less volume. And I of course ordered the Fried Chicken and Waffles. The menu says it comes with sweet potato and pork belly hash, which was intriguing to say the least. I think my wife ordered yogurt and fruit or something. Yeah, she eats a bit healthy for my taste. But that's okay! I bad enough for the both of us. So my plate comes and it has 3 huge pieces of chicken on it! 2 drums and a breast, in all their fried glory. Great flavors in the batter, slight garlic/onion, heavy on the pepper. The pork belly sweet potato hash was shreds of fried pork belly with cubed sweet potato, cooked just enough to still have some give in them, and somewhere in there was something that had a touch of acidity, maybe vinegar? Whatever it was, was genius. It was essential for cutting through the fat feeling of the dish.  I can't say they were the best chicken and waffles I've had in my lifetime, but they were pretty damn good. I'd eat them again, and I'd probably order whiskey.
