We had heard good things, babies, and Nuevo Leon did indeed deliver those goods. It was our birthday weekend and we were on the hunt for some sweets. We weren't too concerned with cakes, but donuts were our jam and we found Nuevo Leon (the bakery incarnation) had the giant donuts to satiate our giant appetite. But first, before we sniffed out the sweets, we wanted to get some savories in our bellies. So why not try Nuevo Leon (the restaurant)? We'd seen it with Alpana. It looked good. Consider brunch planned. Walking in, we weren't sure where we should stand. People were waiting in line, people were picking up take out, waitresses were running around. Before we understood what to do, we found ourselves holding the door for a snazzy million-year-old couple, suited and primped, and knew we had come to the right place. We made our way up to the line, which appeared to go on for days, but in reality we were sat not ten minutes later. Luckily we were seated in the second room, as the first room one comes in upon entering Nuevo Leon felt chaotic. Immediately we were served chips and salsa, pickled carrots and jalapenos, and a plate of mystery meat covered in a tortilla. Our waitress, inferring our love of water, gave us access to our own private pitcher. After some deliberation, we ordered chilaquilles two ways. We had the straight up chilaquillas and the heuvos divorciados, which is really just chilaquilles with two fried eggs -- one covered in red and one covered in green sauce. The food came out with the quickness, much faster than we've experienced in most other brunch establishments. The food, babies, the food was fine indeed. We enjoyed it. Albeit a bit greasy, and nothing we'd write Mother Rose about (don't even question Mother Rose's refried beans), the food was an excellent way to start a landmark birthday weekend. What most blew us out of the pond was the price. The price was mighty fine. For both of our meals, an horchata, and all those freebies, our final bill was under $20 including tip. There was plenty of food left over that, hey girl, we both wanted to finish. Can you believe this value? There are no regrets with this experience and the Rose will certainly be returning in due time. Can't wait to chew on dinner from Nuevo Leon -- hide yo' beans, hide yo' rice.
