I actually travel a lot internationally for work so I've stayed in my fair share of hotels & can without a doubt say this is the WORST business floor accommodations I have ever stayed on. I'm not even sure where to start... My reservations were for the Regency Club floor, two double beds because I was traveling with my dad. My dad arrived prior to me & I had asked that they let him check in. He was told there were no rooms with double beds & was moved to a suite with a king bed on the 21st floor & they would gladly give us a roll away bed for free.  When I got to the hotel I told them this wouldn't do I wasn't paying good money to sleep on a roll away bed or not be able to use the amenities of the Regency Club which I was paying for. They were quick to move us to another room back on the Regency Club level.  I have stayed numerous times on the business floors at the Shangri-La in APAC so I guess I had my expectations set too high. If anything the Hyatt should go take a class from the Shangri-la when they open in Chicago on how to run a business floor. Anyway I expected a nice sized room with additional amenities, such as slippers, free internet access, & a nice selection of teas &/or coffee. The only thing I can say nice about our room was the view.  Let's start in the entrance; there was a closet right when we entered the room however the lighting stunk so you couldn't really see anything in the closet & no slippers.  Next the bathroom, this has got to be the WORST hotel bathroom I have ever seen. The toilet was like a public restroom & the bar to flush was up under the vanity. When you flushed it, it sounded like a 747 was coming through the wall. The wall paper in the bathroom was coming off the wall & there were no extra amenities that I have gotten at other hotels on the business floor, such as nail clippers, razor, toothbrush etc. I am paying good money to stay on this floor & didn't just upgrade when I checked in. There was 1 bathrobe on the back of the door that I guess all of us are supposed to share. The hairdryer was a piece of crap that if you used longer than 90 seconds on high it would overheat so to blow dry your hair you had to allow at least 30 minutes of going back & forth waiting for it to cool down. Now lets continue on to the main bedroom. The beds were nice & had nice down comforters on them the pillows were great & there were 4 on each bed with one in the closet. The TV sucked the remote control would only work from one exact location in the room which of course wasn't where you were sitting in your bed. I was floored to find out we didn't have free internet access in our rooms like many other hotels offer business floor guests. (I did pay extra for this room right????) We stayed 4 nights at the hotel & only received turn down service two of the 4 nights. Some days we would only get 1 coffee refill for our coffee pot & other days we would get two. Some days we would get 1 new washcloth some days we would get three. It was like playing a game of craps. The only thing that seemed consistent was the morning paper.  Now let's move on to the Regency Club which offers free continental breakfast, snacks throughout the day, cocktail hour & desert hour. Breakfast was ok the set up of the room is just terrible they toss a bucket of ice in the bar sink & toss in some yogurts & the milk & juice. There is 1 trash can in the entire room & you get to drink your coffee from a paper cup. I thought they would at least have a hot pot or two with oatmeal & some other hot items like MOST business floors do. Nope... you get your choice of pastries, fresh fruit & little individual boxed cereals. Not my idea of a great continental breakfast. I've actually had better at a Holiday Inn.  Cocktail hour this was my favorite... at most hotel when you stay on the business floor they have complimentary cocktails & appetizers for a few hours every evening. While the appetizers were great the beverage service stunk. It was a serve yourself honor system $6.50 for a beer & $5.00 for some wine & oh yeah pour it yourself. Don't have cash then please fill out a card with your room number & we will just charge your room. ARE YOU KIDDING ME??? I'm still at this point trying to figure out what the hell we paid extra to stay on this floor. At this point I've vowed to stay at the Shangri-la next time I'm in Chicago (opens 2009). Desert hour was ok it's from 8:30-9:30 & was different every night. Cheesecake, carrot cake, brownies, clairs. I guess all I can say is if you have never stayed on a nice business floor at a really nice hotel then you will be fine staying on the Regency Club Level. If you have stayed in some really nice hotels with really nice amenities then you are bound to be disappointed with your experience at the Hyatt. I would highly recommend not upgrading to the Regency Club it's definitely NOT WORTH the extra money.
