The last time I visited my lover, (see original review for the continuance of theme, kthanxbye), and apparently I was nervous. Just a tad bit. See my lover has left others uninspired, some full of spite and not so lovely vibes. They left complaining why in hell did we go there? So when I, two clients, two significant others descended upon G.E. last Friday, I was just hoping this night wouldn't end is disaster. Okay if you call a disaster a hang over the next morning and memories of the night before with everyone leaving with smiles and friendly faces and "We should do this again!" coming out of their mouths, then shoot.... it was a disaster. When we arrived for our table of five, my girlfriend and I were the last to arrive. We ordered a drink each and then sat to discuss the plan. Oh wait... they have tasting menus now? The majority of the table threw up their hands and called for a ten course tasting. Sure! Let's do it. Oh and spirit pairings for each course, sure of course! I am sure they will be 1/4 pours or 1/2 pours. I'll be fine. Yes. Famous last words. I won't go through the entire ten course, but they weren't 1/2 pours they were full. I was schlitzed by the 5th course. So things got hazy when I had the glazed buffalo steak, but the caprese salad was amazing and inventive. Hand pulled mozzarella on a sliced tomato, micro basil, and on top of that balsamic sorbet and drizzled olive oil. Simple, true to form, but playful all in the same breath. The kung pao sweet breads were really good, but sadly I was wishing for heat. The seafood was well done, by that I mean very expertly cooked. The halibut course and the scallop course were great, while the dessert and land dishes were lovely. I will say though the duck, could have been cooked maybe a minute more. It was a little too rare for me as well as ... dare I say? (Dare! Dare!) A little too fatty, (insert audible gasps here). I know.... I know.... The tasting menu is decided by the chef, (yes, Graham was there because we saw him at the end of the night), but really it was all good. We also tried the lobster corn rolls, which was met with mixed reviews. Um, it is a ton of lobster with a little breading. Not earth shattering. But hey, I loves me some lobster so I was happy. The wine pairings were great and went well with everything. I will say the were some interesting conversations about the smell of some of the wine, (the pinot won for best wine and I am trying to figure out what beer we had, everyone loved it), but really, what I was most worried about, was one of the best things. The service. Perhaps it is because we got the ten course tasting menu with the spirit pairings, but really, I never felt like we were ever abandoned. In fact I felt like we were treated better then ever. Maybe I have some good karma. Or perhaps its because I was there... (okay that one was a stretch), I really don't mind. I was reaffirmed in my faith in my lover, as whorish as that lover can be, over the top, full of ways to tantalize, torture, whips and chains, bag of tricks I was completely satisfied. Besides, its not about the size of the portions, but the motion of the ocean.
