I really, really wanted to love this place. Mind you, (I have waited several months now before I reviewed our experiences, waiting on a proper response from this group, whom I message directly). To date I have yet to hear back from them with any response. My gf had previously eaten, and raved about this place. She went with some of our very trusted foodie girlfriends, who both have special dietary needs. So I trust these three ladies word as gold. This was another one of those occasions, where we built the night up as one of those special occasions, that we every-so-often NEED! We speculate that with all the buzz about the place, we thought we planned accordingly, arriving about 5 p.m., On this random springish Saturday. I let the lady out at the door, and before I'd parked, she was at the car expressing concern about getting seated. Stating that in addition to receiving snippy elitist attitude from the young hostess, she had been told we could either be sat immediately, on their rooftop patio. Which we totally don't mind dining alfresco - but it had already rained that day, and so, with an already crowded room. I just didn't want to risk it. Besides that, this was our special night. I wanted a proper sit-down meal with my special girl. So when we are told about the two-hour wait, We don't care, Beviamo, just across the street used to be a great place back in the day to grab A glass of wine. We were just happy to spend quality time together. We laughed, and caught up, and talked about our weeks. Before we knew it, they were calling my cell. A little more than an hour or so later. We promptly closed out, and happily skipped across the street. When we were sat at a near front door high-top, we didn't blink. Its cool, they are extremely busy, lets enjoy this fabulous meal you've been raving about, I said. 'Hun, you can recreate that magical night /meal you had with the girls. Or you can make new memories and order whatever you like.' So begins the experience, I tell her, please YOU order our meal, and she loves it. She ordered wine by the glass, and I tap-water. We go back-and forth about where to begin, ultimately starting our experience with grilled octopus. Which anyone who knows me, knows. This is the meal I want at my death bed. My dying wish would be a kiss from the girl, and grilled octopus fresh from the ocean. NOW here is where things get hairy for us. No, literally. We order one or two other dishes, I order a really nice Leffe blond, then we order the house specialty: polenta and short rib dish. (I am excited because grits are my favorite winter breakfast dish. I eat them everyday come wintertime.) Plus, I had never even heard of, or eaten such a dish. The dish came out, the server explained the process, smashed everything around and said Walla! The gf served me, then she served herself. I was about to dig in, when I notice a long, dark and course strand of black hair. My mate knows me, as I know her. I can see her happiness that an instant before shone in her eyes, now clearly sinks away. So for me, when the server ask how is everything, what I wanted to say was, everything was fine. But what I actually did, was point to the hair. The gf lowers her head in embarrassment, and pretends to be fine. I know her, so just then, a manager comes over and apologizes. Which is standard practice and whisked the dish away, then really DID nothing. I WAS SHOCKED? That's cool. I guess. My concern at this point is in seriously trying to get the luster back into our conversation while we wait. Not about proper management etiquette. So just when the tension was easing up, another glass of wine ordered. Our new plate comes out. This time, I am excited and after the waiter goes through his spiel, I decide to serve us. Of course I serve my date first, then myself. Unbelievable, another long dark, course thick and black hair, in my serving. Really? Can this really be happening? How is this possible! Out of all the diners in this place, and all of the positive reviews! So when that same gentleman manager approaches and ask how are things. I point, to the culprit. My gf's face is stricken with horror. She is very, extremely nonconfrontational. I do not cause a scene. I simply point it out, and let him know there is another hair in MY food. I look at her face again, pull the hair out of my food. I say, hey 'this isn't an issue, and I begin eating the dish.' In this crowded restaurant, I felt as though, I was being blamed for there being nasty ass hair in a dish that I ordered at this public restaurant. We could hear through the open kitchen, as the staff says, 'well she has long hair.' Her hair was in a ponytail. I give the manager my hospitality credentials and even point out a security camera, if he feels there was any hanky panky going on. I almost lost my guts because i ate hair food. They took that dish off our bill. We paid our tab, tipped 20%. I never felt more humiliated in front of my DATE!
