Went last night with some friends, went to El Cid's for some guacamole while burning the 1 hour wait we had to deal with (no big deal, the place is new and awesome, so of course there's going to be a wait).The chef sent our table a little taste of something - I forget what it was, but it had sliced apples and was beautifully presented and delicious (being a pescetarian, I gave my portion to my husband). Our table of four split the olives, rabbit pate, and kobe meatballs to start - no one was complaining. I had the gnuddi and the scallop bisque soup which were both delicious. Honestly, the fantastic smells coming from everyone's food made me consider eating meat again.  My husband had the half chicken, which he enjoyed, my friend ordered the same as me, and her fiance ordered the pork belly - our friends were a little dubious about waiting an hour, but afterwards remarked how surprised they were that this place was actually worth the hour wait. They also insisted we come back soon - which is saying something as we like to explore new places when we eat together.Afterwards, we were pleasantly full but still had room for the desert.For dessert, we had the creme brulee, which was more delicious than the average creme brulee. For drinks, the guys were happy with their whiskey drinks, I was happy with my two 1 oz shots of whiskey that I sipped through dinner (Old Crow and Rebel Yell) - this place may make a regular whiskey drinker out of me!Everything was beautifully prepared, nothing at our table was sub-par or anywhere close to it. The menu was creative and will bring us back to try more, our waitress was knowledgeable and friendly without being bothersome, the hostess was empathetic and respectfully kept us updated on the table situation when we came back before they had called us on my cell. Another waitress/hostess asked us if there was anything she could get us as we were waiting for our table. The decor rocks. Sure there's some hipsters, but so what? Maybe it just doesn't bother me that much, but it's going to take more than some reserved people in flannel to keep me from amazing food.I live in Bloomington about 2/3 of the year, and needless to say, I MISS real restaurants like this. I'll be dreaming about this place till I can return over spring break.The ONLY recommendation I would make would be more pescetarian/veg-friendly options on the menu. There's enough to find something to eat, but I'm not sure I could frequent the place regularly with the current selection.
