Actually closer to 4.5 stars (since there were a few pieces of meat I wasn't crazy about...but I think it might just be which piece you get, so you might wanna give it another shot if it wasn't juicy enough the first try). I'm still thinking about this place a week after going...mmmm tasty! I went for a Thursday lunch after reading up on Yelp that it was about the same as dinner, and yup good call everyone! "A" had gone there for dinner maybe a week earlier and couldn't see any real difference btw lunch and dinner other than the cost ($32.50 vs $50). Lunch was also less busy and it was nice to have the place not packed with people. The decor was nice and the service was great. I got plain ice water and no drinks..cuz I'm here for the meat. I had to prove myself, "A" didn't think I could eat my $$$s worth, and I was up to the challenge. I know EVERYONE says skip the salad bar, but I'm not one of those people who can sit and eat solid meat for 2 hrs. So I went and took a gander- nice spread. I skipped the mayo-ey looking stuff and went for some veggies and the mozzarella balls. The asparagus spears were huge but the bottoms were stringy, I liked the moz ball, red bell peppers and for some reason the beets. Skip the prosciutto and the smoked salmon, because once you get a nice juicy piece of meat...these kinda pale in comparison. So I sat down and began the meat adventure...*voom* 5 in a row came by and soon I had more meat than I knew what to do with in less than 10 min. I quickly flipped back to red. After a while, a waiter came over to ask if there was a problem...I guess he thought I'd put up my white flag too soon. But, really I don't think you should get more than perhaps 3 pieces of meat at a time. They get cold and really they taste best hot. By the time I got to my last piece it was pretty cold. So I think a good tip would be to pace yourself and flip that card back and forth a few times. You're not a quitter, you're a strategic pacer! I esp enjoyed the rib-eye, filet mignon, filet mignon wrapped in bacon, and there was some sirloin I thought was mighty tasty. I wasn't too impressed by the lamb chop and the rib...maybe it was just my pieces but they were a tad dry. "A"s ribs were very good..maybe mine was just a dry end piece. Also for the pieces of meat you eh-ishly wanna try..get one piece and split...see if itz worth you're stomach space and keep tabs on the ones you like. Another great thing about pacing, is that they'll come around (probably wondering why the crazy lady has it on red) and ask you if there is a specific meat you want to try and they will send just that guy over. So I got rib-eye and filet mignon sent over again =). Nice, not have to wait for them to make the rounds again. The sides they brought to the table were mashed potatoes, fried polenta, bananas and lil cheese bread puffs. I love mashed potatoes, but I didn't like the ones here. Tasted a bit like the boxed powdered stuff...if I were them, I'd work on the recipe and make them AWESOME mashed potatoes and see if I could entice ppl to fill up on that. The polenta was cold and forgettable. Cheese puffs were ok..but not enough for me to give up my prime stomach real estate. The bananas did me in. I went nuts on those...and every time I got down to 1/2 a banana they'd switch out the plate so I'd get more fresh hot bananas...*drool*, they were a great complement to the meat. So...2 hrs later and I'm still chugging along as "A" stares in wonder. The turtle has won this round. So take a nice day off, meander over for lunch and make the most of the awesome food. I enjoyed myself SO much I was tempted to talk "A" into going back in a day or two, since I was only in town for a few days...but thought that'd be WAY too gluttonous...*sniffle* I miss you...FDC, please come to the Bay Area. We walked away stuffed, but not feeling totally crappy. Which I was a bit surprised by...I've eaten myself into a fetal position at more than one buffet. So somehow LOTS of food and not feeling too shabby...some may say I've matured and learned to hold myself back, but I'd like to believe it was pure FDC magic. Definitely gonna go again next time I'm in the area. Now I'm on the prowl for one as good as FDC in the Bay Area. I'm hoping it'll measure up, but I'm not holding my breath. P.S. Bathrooms were nice and the chocolates at the front desk were very good.
