So I'm in LOVE with The Purple Pig! After reading a review in Metromix that compared this new restaurant to the Bristol and the Publican (two of my favorite restaurants in the city) I knew I had to go and quick! A good friend of mine and I spontaneously decided to go last Saturday night after an early movie since we were already downtown. Though having reservations about my attire (I was not exactly dressed for a night out on the town) I couldn't resist. I can never turn down a good meal. After finding the place, which was not easy since it's tucked away inside the 500 N. Michigan building, we arrived around 7pm. Not surprisingly, we were told that the wait would be about 45 minutes - standard for a Saturday night at a new restaurant. We were told we could wait at the bar. So we walked on over and that's when the show began... Their wine specialist helped us pick out the first (of 3) quartinos of wine. Then a nice gentleman at the bar, Massimo I later found out, brought us over some Marinated Olives and bread while we waited. Then another gentleman asked if he could take our coats. We were pleasantly surprised by the nice gestures and and it didn't even get close to stopping there. Not long after we got our first glass of wine Massimo brought us out a plate of Cured Meats with grilled bread, followed by a couple Prosciutto Bread Balls. We hardly had enough room on the bar to fit it all and we had yet to even put in an order of food! By then we had figured out that the bar was where the action was. So once the couple next to us left their seats we voluntarily moved over to (in my opinion) the best seats in the house. Though we were already pleasantly content with our complimentary plates we figured it was time to actually order something from the menu. So we started with a trio of antipastas: Shaved Brussels Sprouts, Beets with whipped Goat Cheese, and Butternut Squash. The Brussels sprouts deceivingly tasted just like Caesar salad with lots of fresh parm....tasty, just not what I had expected. The beets were on point and the whipped goat cheese - genius. Thankfully it's used generously on numerous plates throughout the menu too. But the must order is the Butternut squash with brown butter. I could've eaten the whole bowl on my own. Shortly after, on our second quartino, it was time to order some meat. Being at the bar we had the opportunity to see every dish that went out and how it was prepared on the grill - I love seeing the cooks behind the scenes. The Chicken Kebabs with Tzatziki looked like a popular order. And for good reason, the chicken was flavor packed and they came with fried smashed potatoes (the most peculiar things I've ever seen but boy did they taste good!). So by then anyone with a normal appetite would have been stuffed, as was my date, but there were so many good things on the menu that I had to order one more. I couldn't decide between the grilled Octopus and the Eggplant Caponata so I asked Massimo (my best friend by that point) and he recommended the Octopus. However, right after he brought out the Octopus he threw down the Eggplant Caponata as well (which, BONUS came with more of the whipped goat cheese : ) That's my kind of guy! Towards the end of our meal, on our third quartino, we had finally decided we had had enough and asked for the bill. The Purple Pig had far exceeded my expectations and we were happy to call it quits after all the delicious food. But Massimo would have none of it until we had dessert. We refused out of politeness, but of course he brought us out something sweet to top us off anyways - it's the Italian way, right? And there it was - a ginormous Beignet dusted with powdered sugar. It looked decadent. Stuffed inside was warm ricotta and chocolate - a Must order even if you "claim" to not like sweets, it will rock your world. All in all The Purple Pig was Fantastic. I highly recommend it to anyone. Great for a date spot with girlfriends or a significant other. The atmosphere is a bit loud but intimate at the same time with the dim lighting. Obviously I can't speak enough about their service. I'm not sure if it's just because we were at the bar, which probably had something to do with it, or if it's because it's still new but the personal attention won me over and definitely made a lasting impression. Go now and if you have the pleasure of meeting Massimo, be nice and he will keep you in good hands.
