So I've been to Nana's 3 times and I'm still not sure if I like this place or not.....I want to like it, it has a cute dcor, it's clean and a place like this is needed in the area but..... The first time I was there it was soon after they had just opened, on a Sunday and it was packed!!! The service was friendly but a bit slow, not a big deal since I could see how busy they were. The coffee was delicious and so were the chilaquiles (serving was a bit on the small side for the price). I don't remember what my friend ordered but she said it was yummy. So all in all a pleasant experience! During my second visit (about 2 months ago), again on a Sunday, again it was packed but this time the service was a.... aloof. The coffee was still wonderful but I had to flag a server down. I wasn't really sure who to flag down, my aloof waiter or one of the several people just standing around talking to each other. This time I got the Chef's skillet. There is absolutely nothing skillet about this "skillet". It's a plate in the form of a skillet whereupon food is placed. The food that was placed on the skillet shaped plate was fine but this is definitely NOT a skillet. My friend ordered the "skillet" too and shares my opinion. Not satisfied! My third visit was this past Friday morning, busy but not packed. I sat myself down as was stated on the sign and was immediately presented with a glass of water and offered that delicious coffee by a bus-boy. I had a question about the menu and waited and waited and waited.....a long time! During this time a dark-haired- waitress walked past my table about 10 times. The owner(s) walked in and the dark-haired waitress chatted with them for a while. The owners then began a conversation with a table of women right next to me (who were receiving excellent service). In the meantime there was a blond-haired woman standing about 3 yards from my table... she was just standing and smiling at people as they walked by! Finally the dark-haired waitress came over and answered my question (no oatmeal) and took my order. The veggie omelet was very good and the homemade jam is scrumptious ....BTW had to ask for jam. Very satisfied with the food, completely dissatisfied with the service!!! Would I go back? Not sure
