I'm a sucker for vegan/vegetarian places that serve comfort food and this didn't disappoint. I went two times during my visit, once for lunch and once for dinner. I arrived in Chicago on a very cold winter day, wearing only a hoodie that would usually suffice in San Francisco weather. Two things came to mind: I need a proper jacket and to eat. I could have gone to one of the department stores on the Miracle Mile to find appropriate clothes, but I found myself on the Red Line heading to Boystown at lunchtime to get some eats. Somehow eating trumps warmth when you're hungry. While mulling over the extensive menu in one of the booths, I had ordered the soup of the day which warmed me up from the chilly walk to the restaurant. I narrowed it down to two options - the entree Country Fried "Steak" or the Dagwood Sandwich. I went with what the waiter suggested, the Dagwood Sandwich - it was a veggie meat smorgasbord (would "orgy" have been appropriate?) of seitan, beef and bacon. I also ordered a side of vegan mac and cheese to round out the experience. The sandwich was delicious, and I loved pigging out on the guilt-free meats. The only wish I had was that they used regular lettuce over the shredded lettuce that came on it. Although not as creamy and excessive as it's dairy counterpart, the mac and cheese was a good accompaniment. For dinner a few days later, I came on a Friday night at prime time hours. As expected, it was packed and there were a few parties waiting, but I was seated within fifteen minutes at a table. I immediately knew what I wanted: the Country Fried "Steak". I can never pass up anything out of seitan, especially when its fried. As I cut a slice of seitan dripping with gravy and put it in my mouth, I knew I hit jackpot. This was diner food vegetarian style and it was good. It came with mashed potatoes and sauteed vegetables - the potatoes were good and the vegetables were okay. To finish the meal off I had the yummy Chocolate Chip vegan cheesecake. Was it required? No. But did I care? No. It was yummy and a nice way to end the meal. I wandered off to the red line to head back to the hotel, in my proper winter coat I had bought a few days earlier to shield me from the cold Chicago nights, with the thought of this restaurant on my mind...
