I live in the neighborhood and have been going to The Lockdown since it opened. A couple of months ago I would have given it 5 stars and had ZERO complaints....they cooked the burgers to the temperature of your liking, the staff was very nice and friendly, the fries were great (and that sauce they serve along with them) and I was so happy to have this place so close to where I live. However, I have gone a few times in the past couple of weeks and can't say enough about how downhill they have gone. On Mondays they have 1/2 price burgers so my roommates and I went last week. Not only did it take over 40 minutes to get our burgers and it wasn't even busy, but they ran out of everything. They had no more sauce for the fries, they didn't have any chips, and our burgers came out well done when we asked for medium and medium rare. When you're a restaurant that has your entire menu built around burgers, they should come out the correct temperature. Our waitress was very nice and they ended up comping our bill, we told her that we normally love the place and will be back, it might just be an off-night.  Well, I think they have just made a turn for the worse. We went again on Sunday for lunch. Again, the place was almost empty and our waitress told us that they just got a new chef....they should have done whatever was needed to keep the original one on staff. We ordered burgers medium and medium Rare again, and after waiting about 30 minutes for our food, again, the burgers were well done. They changed their french fries which were much better how they were originally, and the chef was sitting at a table reading a book....I think she should worry more about how to cook a burger than catching up on her summer reading. I feel bad rating this place badly, but I just think they have gone from amazing to very mediocre. I don't have plans to go back anytime soon. You expect kinks to be worked out when a place first opens but unfortunately they seemed to have it right to start and have gone downhill in recent weeks. If they can step their game up to where it used to be it will be one of my favorite places once again, however, if they keep heading in the direction they're going, they will be begging for patrons in no time.
