So you push your way past the revolving door, glancing sideways at the huge cone of meat rotating slowly in the window. You wait for your table on the comfy leather chair. You're shown to your table, and given free reign over the salad bar. And you hit the salad bar, weeping over your tiny stomach, for you know that if you fill up on the wonders there (Waldorf Salad, hearts of palm, fresh mozzarella, salami, cheese, fresh bread) you won't have enough room for the meat that you've been promised. You return to your table with your plate piled high, to find a basket of what can only be described as cheezy-poofs. You eat about a dozen cheezy-poofs, because you simply have to. They are heaven. You then eat the entire contents of your salad bar-plate. And you're full. Then suddenly, and without warning, a dozen men in pantaloons swoop down upon your table carrying meat on sticks. And against all odds, you keep eating. You ask the poor man with the sausages if he could please send the Garlic Beef Man back to your table because if you don't eat another three pieces RIGHT NOW you will start to go into withdrawal. And then Filet Mignon Man passes by, followed closely by Pork Loin Man and Top Round Man... and then you realize that there are plates of polenta, garlic mashed potatoes and caramelized bananas on your table. Have they been there the whole time? Do you possibly have room for more food? And as they roll you out the door ala Violet Beauregard, suffering the meat-sweats and wondering if there was something on the end of the salad bar that you might have missed (and did Bacon Wrapped Chicken Man ever make it to your table?) you realize that the meal was worth every penny (and man, it costs a lot of pennies) and that you may, possibly, never eat again. The End. A few insider tips: even with a reservation I have waited for my table. It's ok. It's worth it. You can order anything from any server, and yes, you can request that specific meat return to your table. You can also tell them how you'd like the meat done (rare, etc) and they'll carve off that specific piece. The price is exorbitant - it's about $50 a person, but that's all-you-can-eat. Save money by going at lunch - it's only $30 a person, same menu. You can also get just the salad bar for around $20 bucks, for your vegetarian Mother-In-Law. Drinks are extra. You've got a little disc on your table that's red on one side, green on the other. When you flip it to green, the be-pantalooned men arrive. When you flip it back, they go away. I do love being in charge of my food arrival times. Lastly, I have seen people here in all manner of dress, from tuxes to jeans. When it first opened there was definitely more of a fancy vibe, and I kind of miss that - it's nice getting gussied up for dinner. But, that said, it's also nice that you can roll in here after shopping and not get turned away for your attire. This place is an experience, not a meal. Prepare yourself!
