I've been coming to Superdawg for many years now and I just realized, I've never used their car-hop service. The idea of eating greasy food in my car doesn't appeal to me...I always eat in the "dining" area. Stopped by here this weekend because I had a Groupon deal that was expiring soon. Was here around 7 pm on Saturday and there was a pretty good crowd in the eating area as well as waiting for their food. I had $20 to spend with the Groupon PLUS I had a coupon for a free fry/Superveggies/or a large drink (got this by signing up for the email club). When I ordered, I specifically asked if I could use both the coupon and the Groupon together. The guy taking my order said sure. Ended up ordering a Superdawg, Whooperburger, 2 drinks and an order of Superveggies (free with coupon). When I go to pay I'm told that I can't use both coupons together. OK but why did the guy who took my order say it was fine? The cashier said that the order taker didn't know better. And how is that my fault? It really wasn't a big deal BUT had they accepted the coupon, I would have ordered more food thus putting me over the $20 limit forcing me to fork over some cash to Superdawg. Anyways, back to the food. It is amazing! They have one of the best hot dogs in the Chicago-land area (NO KETCHUP!!!! ). Everything tastes fresh and they load up the box with crinkle fries. Dogs...or should I say dawgs, also come with a pickled tomato. I always take a few bites but it is too bitter to eat the whole thing. There is also a nice, crisp dill pickle spear hiding under all of your fries for a nice surprise. My bf got the Whooperburger and I had a bite. I do admit, this is the first time I've tasted a burger from here. It was pretty decent. He didn't get cheese and I can't help but wonder what it would have tasted like with some melted, gooey cheese. The Superveggies were delicious too. Every bite was a surprise...there were mushrooms, zucchini, broccoli, creamed corn...and a side of ranch to dip the veggies. Again, if they let me use both coupons I would have ordered dessert. I'm dying to try a malt! Thankfully (for my hips and butt), I held back....next time though I'm definitely getting one! Oh...and they now accept credit cards.
