First of all, I think the price index for this place is wrong. You can easily eat here for less than $30. And lunch is way cheaper than that. Maybe my expectations for what "pricey" is are off. I'm not sure. Second, I might give Gage 3.5 if I could. I'm on the fence about that. I've been here twice now, both times for lunch. I think my second experience (which was today with my coworkers) was better than the first back in Feb 2008. Today I had the slow roasted beef brisket sandwich. The beef was very tender and kept falling off my fork. The sandwich is huge and open face, so you have to eat it with a knife and fork. The greens on top balanced out what I thought was possibly over kill on some of the other flavors. Here were the issues: 1. You couldn't even taste the bread because it was so hidden under everything else. I think good bread makes a sandwich and adds texture. 2. The mustard, while good (I LOVE mustard) was overpowering and not evenly distributed, so every other bite I got a mouth full of it. 3. There was almost too much cheese (and I didn't think that was possible) but it and the mustard make the bread soggy. It was enjoyable for the most part, and I'm not terribly picky about food, but I'm trying to be more refined with my reviews, so that's my two cents. My boss got the Peppered hanger steak salad and it came with AWESOME presentation and look like it was a little more balanced than my pile of sandwich, so maybe I just picked the wrong thing. The two people who had the fish and chips said it was great. In my previous visit I had the Gage burger, and that was yummy as far as I remember, but suffered from some of the same textural/soggy bread issues as my sandwich did today. That said: OMG have dessert! We got a couple things and shared. The peanut butter beignets were amazing. I was skeptical of the blueberry jam and strawberry ice cream that came with, but it was all awesome together. The pound cake was also good and so is the gelato. The atmosphere, I really like. The green tiles on the walls are cool, and they have adequate space to accommodate large parties. The only thing was that even at lunch it was really loud in there. A busy dinner night may be deafening. The service was good this time around. We had a reservation and were dressed for work, and I honestly think that got us better service. When I was there with a younger friend on a Sunday afternoon I felt a little rushed and treated like I didn't know how to act in a restaurant. I'm hyper-sensitive about being treated like an adult because, duh, I am one. So yeah, it's a good lunch place. I like the way it looks and I would totally recommend it for drinks and dessert because the dessert was my favorite part!
