I have yet to have a better burger. I thought Kuma's was King, but that slowly started to evaporate as I returned to Lockdown. All have fallen victim to the regime of unique savory gourmet burgers that are offered daily here. I recommend getting the Flight Risk. (3) mini sliders of your choice (says chef's, but if your confident with a little smile, you normally can get your choosing). After 5 or 6 visits, I still have not tried every burger on the menu, nor really explored much else either. The following are based on whole burger orders. The sliders really only hint at what the whole could be. Arson Burger, for serious heat seekers. Roasted Scotch Bonnet with homemade hot sauce smothered in jalapeno jack. My only complaint is they only give you one bonnet. It becomes difficult to evenly spread out the severity with only one (that does not come sliced, which I suggest doing). You will perspire. Your mouth will salivate from sensation. Better get the milk stout to help sooth the sting so you can finish the whole thing. Jailhouse Rock aka The Elvis. This thing puts me into a coma, the best kind of coma. If I had the kind of cash, I would hire a hummer limo to show up with my couch, lift me from my chair, and take me home. This little pill is coated in peanut butter with thick wedges of banana atop the thick cuts of bacon, served on a pretzel bun, Just try it. I've converted a few people to the thought of peanut butter & hamburger. Its euphoric. Just-do-it. It has become increasingly difficult to not order this when I go in. Hawaii 5-0. Braided pork and pineapple making love on your tongue before you even hit the bed. This sexy piece of meat is also sporting a red onion coat & secreting Makers Mark BBQ. Under all that, there is a burger permeating every orifice of the orgy happening atop it. If you're feeling totally tropical, build your own mac & cheese side (again with a smile, or else you'll have to get the whole entree) by throwing in some pineapple & bacon. Shed your swimsuit and ride the calories to ecstasy. Also noteworthy are the Sticky Fingers appetizer. (3) Slider sized mini pulled pork sandwiches. Please do not fill up on these as they are more addicting than nicotine fueled crack sex. Go with a few people, divide them up. I encourage to build your own Mac & Cheese. If your going here with calories on the mind, go to hell, its not going to happen. You could put all the toppings in a blender and somehow it would turn out good. Please try it out, you only live once. The staff is super friendly and pay attention to detail, keep you filled with booze & water in a timely fashion. Tuesday's are half priced burgers night and I have still been seated within 10 minutes of coming in. Its loud, its bright, I'm really not into the music, the decor is attractively industrial, but none of that really matters. Do not take a date here unless you know what your getting into, or you're both burger enthusiasts. Oh, and its right across the street from The Empty Bottle, one of the finer independent music venues Chicago has to offer. (amazing live sound production). Going to try The Warden next.
