Another Travelzoo deal at an awesome price of $99 per night. The Tremont is located just a few blocks off the Magnificent Mile on Chestnut, right next to Ditka's. The lobby is narrow and have some seating in cozy groups with little candy dishes scattered around. My first impression upon checking in was that customer service is not their high suit. More to come on this in a moment. I get my key, some maps and a reminder about the free internet and breakfast in the morning served next door at Ditkas for $5 (free with my package but I pass so I can't speak to this). I get up to my room and open the door. The room itself is spacious for what it is. There's a separate sink vanity and spacious closet and roomy bathroom with shower over tub. The plumbing hardware was a bit off and needed a serious update because they were circa 1960s (think Edward Scissorhands ). The bed was very firm and the fitted sheets were shallow on the corners so if you were making cupcakes, they'd totally flip off (see picture). Another sign of this hotel's age was that the window coverings were old mini blinds. And another pet peeve for me is the linens. These were of inferior quality with a funky Motel 6-ish comforter/quilt and not a down comforter embraced in a high TC duvet. Yes, I have been spoiled with my Calvin Klein linens. Back to the service... Upon departure and asking for a copy of my statement for expense reimbursement, service was of 'eh quality. The response I got was my stay was prepaid (i.e. "I'm not going to waste my time printing one for you"). I then explained I needed a copy anyway for reimbursement, then silence and no eye contact (i.e. "I'm going to ignore your request"). So, annoyed, I then walk out but oddly get my back yelled at in a very loud tone (i.e. "Ma'am!" "Ma'am!!"), 3 times, until I make it out the front door, keep in mind, there are 2 other guests in the lobby watching this unfold.. Unprofessional methinks. Hmmm.... Overall, for the price and the fact that I only had to spend 7 hours in the room, it was good enough.
