Ok , after reading some of the reviews I thought I would throw my 2 cent's in, not that it matter's. I have been here many times over the year's, but no longer go there, why you ask ???? The Pizza is very good to say the least, I love thin crispy crust Pies and that is exactly what they have, I alway's get the red sauce with sausage and onion, and sometimes Goat cheese , and I alway's order it well done as that is how I like my Za's. One time my ex and I had alittle bit of a problem ordering it well done, as they just would not listen to us, they brought it out pretty much white, and we replied with can you please make it more well done, are waiter replied to us with, more than this, and we said yes please make it brown on top, brought it out a few minuet's later, we replied with , no not well done enough yet, after the third try they had brought our pizza out to us in broken up pieces instead of in a pie format, our waiter had said he was sorry as they had already cut it and they had just randomly placed the slices in the oven to brown them up... C'mon now,,, however the manager did come out and comped us for our pizza which was very nice of him.... I am a beer geek and alot of the brew's at Piece are excellent depending on the style.... They usually a rotating selection of killer IPa's and pales, as well as thier Golden Arm for their everyday go to easy drinker.. As noted by other's on Yelp, they make great Hefe Weizen's, Big and Curvy, Dark and Curvy ect ect.... However there sesonal lager's leave a little bit to be desired, ( again I am a homebrewer / beer geek ) so please keep that in mind..... They also make a wonderful stout and great rotating Porter's as well.... All in all , Jonathan Cutler is a great brewmaster to say the least, after all he did use to work for Sierra Nevada..... Hat's off to him... So why the one star rating,,, I'll tell you why. I used to go there when they first opened and they only had one beer on tap which was their Porter. The staff was nice and there were no long lines and no frat boy yuppies. After a few year's went by, every yuppie and their brother's started to go here, not to mention all of the Uber loud and obnoxious jock's that pack in the place on the weekend's and have no consideration for anyone whatsoever. One time my girlfriend and I had to ask these guy's behind us to please quit yelling in our ear's, and we like loud music and having fun, however when some drunkin jock yuppie deusch bag is literally yelling directly in you're ear, it becomes very annoying to say the least. And the waitstaff became very rude and unfriendly, don't know when or how it happened however it did. A bunch of arty farty wanabbee Wicker Park scenester's that think their shit don't stink, and just try to get the bartender's attention to give you a beer, good luck as thay could care in the least. I have literally sat at the bar when it has not been that busy and still had to wait a good 10 - 20 mins to get a beer, they just kind of ignore you.... Again I really don't know what happened to this place as it was not like that in the beggining..... So if you like loud and obnoxious Yuppies and jock's in addition to a snobby waitstaff then this place may be for you, however if you are a normal Joe that likes great beer and Pizza , I would still avoid this place. As the atmosphere and people just stink....
