Bear with me. This is going to be a long review, but there was simply no way to keep it short without missing key elements. Wow. Just WOW! My good friend is a huge PITA when it comes to food, but in her defense, she lives in the suburbs, so when she and her husband come downtown for dinner, she wants to make sure she's getting a quality dining experience. I can't really blame her for that. Bonsoire had been on her list for awhile, and me? Well, to be honest, it wasn't on mine, but I'm always game to try something new, especially a place that has such rave reviews. She made the reservation for the March Underground about 4 weeks ago and she was really excited about it. She forwarded me the menu and told me to look it over and advise them of any dislikes or food allergies. The menu looked fantastic, and the only thing I wasn't too crazy about was the scallop course. My friend conveyed this to them, and they said they'd substitute something else for the scallops. This past Saturday evening was our reservation. My friend and I arrived and joined my friend and her husband, already deep into wine. We got comfortable, poured wine and waited for the magic to happen. And magic it was. A feast for every sense. First course: Fried Mozzarella, Charred Haricot Vert Salad with Japanese Eggplant, Aged Balsamic, and Plum Tomato Sorbet. What a well-executed starter. The mozzarella was crispy and the haricot verts were a great accompaniment. The real scene stealer, though, was that plum tomato sorbet. It packed quite a flavor punch. Second course: Pumpernickel Crusted Lamb Loin, Buttermilk Blini, Maple-Karashi Butter This was a perfectly cooked piece of lamb - not an easy feat. It melted in your mouth. And the blini was like a little tangy pancake and an ideal foil to the lamb. Third course: Artichoke Vichyssoise with a Bacon-White Anchovy Dumpling and Preserved Lemon Imagine if you will, the most luscious thing you can put in your mouth. OMG, I love artichokes and this was the most intensely flavored soup I've ever tasted. The dumpling was a tad fishy, but only because I am not an anchovy fan. It was not overwhelming, but you could definitely taste it, which is the point I suppose. I think everyone at the table would have licked the bowl clean had we been less well-mannered. Fourth course: Seared Suzuki (Japanese Sea Bass) and Grilled Barramundi with Gnocchi and Crispy Mushrooms This was the substitute for the Twice Baked Scallops that I opted out of. Definitely my favorite course of the evening. Everyone at the table gave me grief for passing on the scallops...until they saw what was laid in front of me. Both fish were cooked perfectly. Garnishes included crispy mushrooms and gnocchi. I had never had, nor heard of suzuki before, and I am not a huge fish eater, but this was some of the best fish I have ever had. Everyone at the table tried it and agreed, and wished they had gotten the same thing. Not that their scallops weren't great, it's just that this dish blew everyone away. Fifth Course: Tiny Bites of Foie Gras Cheesecake I was skeptical and apprehensive too. Organ meat in cheesecake? As the server explained, it was meant to be a bridge between the savory courses and dessert. It absolutely nailed it. Very rich, but they were only three small bites. It was absolutely both sweet and savory, and while you couldn't particularly discern the foie gras, you knew there was something in the cheesecake that wouldn't normally be there. Sixth Course: The grand finale. Dessert. I knew the closing course would set the bar high and indeed it did. Pumpkin and sesame seed ice cream with golden raisin caramel sauce, and ancho chile truffles. The heat of the ancho chiles played off the creaminess of the ice cream and the sweetness of the caramel sauce. The service was stellar too. Our server kept our wine glasses full, cracked jokes, explained every course in detail, and wasn't intrusive. All servers should take a cue. I just wish I could remember her name. She dialed a great evening up a notch. We all agreed it was a fantastic dining experience, and it was truly, an EXPERIENCE. At $85/pp, I am not likely to make this a habit, but that will only heighten my anticipation and pleasure in returning. Bonsoire is truly a destination restaurant that any lover of good food should try at least once.
