So I gotta say not all that it was hyped up to be at all. Definetly not bad but for $ 110 I was expecting something a whole lot more. I'll break it down into categories and hopefully that will explain my 3 star rating. Location/decor- Personally I love the location. It was very close to where I live and street parking was surprisingly easy. Its a small place but I like that. I was able to watch the chef's as they prepared the meal and found the whole thing quite interesting. The wall decor is very plain(not a big deal for me). The rap music, I thought, was kind of fun. My parents on the other hand were not really enjoying it all that much but I think after the wine, food, and conversation started flowing a little we were all able to kind of zone it out. Service: We had the Owner/Chef's brother as our server. He was very attentive and our glasses were always full. My main problem with him was the smell. As soon as we sat down and he brought us water, the odor of marijuana was very very strong on him. Throughout the night the would keep coming back to bring us food or drinks and all I could smell was pot or cigarette smoke. Now I am not some prude and have no problem with people smoking pot or anything else but when our table was paying over 800 dollars to eat there and he was a little slow in the dish explanations and forgot to tell us how to eat some of the dishes (a fact we learned after the table next to us was served their dishes by the main chef) it just seemed a little unprofessional. The pot smell is really not that big of a deal but I cant stand cigarette smoke as the last thing I smell right before I take a bite. Food: So I agree with what others have said. the ravioli was excellent. I also loved the first dish of an oyster/oatmeal shooter which had a thousand different flavors to it as well as the pasta dish with veal heart and cheese but as far as dishes that blew my mind that was about it. Dont get me wrong, everything we had was good but in terms of "I gotta go back" ehh I as well as the party I was with are not in any hurry to go back. The BYOB part was of course excellent and cant complain about that at all. Overall: A fun place and nice to try once but if Im going to spend the money again it will be at Alinea or Tru
