I wanted to enjoy this hotel so much, because I love classic architecture and the location of the hotel is amazing. You walk into the hotel and the lobby is gorgeous, with an outstanding bar area and shopping area downstairs. However, after my 2 days I have to say my stay was completely miserable and at least Chicago had enough to offer to save my trip. The rooms are tiny and whoever came up with the design to put the tv at a 90 degree angle to the bed wasn't thinking very clearly. The bed was apparently a king, but definitely felt more like a queen. Now, a small room with a strange design doesn't get you 1 star, but watching an inch long cockroach walk around your bathroom at 7am in the morning after you wake up tends to ruin an experience. After spending 5 minutes smashing it with a metal trash can and STILL not fully killing it, your day just can never be the same. I went to the front desk before leaving for my business conference and the front desk person said that they would have a technician check the room for holes / infestations and would get me a new room set up. When I came back from work, the front desk had no record of me ever filing the complaint and no record of there being a cockroach in the room. So I had to retell my story and show them the picture of the massive insect. What scares me the most, is that how can you let a possible infestation just leak through the records? What if it was bed bugs (which if you google the hotel, clearly they have had issues) or something nastier than a cockroach? The front desk person went back into their managers area (for 15 minutes I was standing there waiting) and came back to let me know they had given me a new room further away from the elevator (as if that somehow means less chance of bugs or something) and 50 bucks in food coupons which only work at this EXACT hotel. The new room was nice and spacious, with a great view of the ventilation system on the 8th floor and a wall blocking anything else. To finish it off, I woke up the next morning with hives, either from something in the sheets or due to stress (I wonder what could have stressed me out). I literally and figuratively am allergic to the hotel. The rooms have nice amenities, but it can not hide the fact that the infrastructure is old and needs much better maintenance. The lack of customer service and hospitality, after knowing that I dealt with a miserable morning was also saddening. No way I will be spending another trip at the Palmer House.
