The day after Alinea, Hot Doug's assured me that my palate had not been ruined by its brief frolic with culinary heroin. Sure, foie gras hot dogs are not quite the Food of the People, but hey, that was my least favorite dog. I'm still cool, guys. I know hot dogs only cost like $20 or whatever. We meant to line up at 10:30, but we got out of bed about three hours too late. Lucky for us, the shit weather kept the line reasonable, and we only waited about 20 minutes before placing our orders. Half of that time was spent waiting inside. I loved the cheery interior, which was decked out in primary colors and hot dog kitsch. I enjoyed scanning the collection of hot dog memorabilia, and I chuckled at the historical hot dog timeline occupying a large portion of the main wall.  Service was friendly and fast, and due to a well asserted rule that you could only sit after ordering, seating was easy to come by. Our food came out quickly and we were out the door soon after. The dogs were delicious. Michael K. and I shared four, and split an order of duck fat fries with Janice K. Mike and I agreed that the top dog was the chardonnay and jalapeo rattlesnake sausage with berry-currant mustard cream and trugole cheese. I've had two rattlesnake hot dogs in my life, and so far it looks like I love those disgusting animals as long as they're well encased. The sausage here was snappy and ideally firm, and it brought a nice balanced heat. The sauce was perfect, and I loved the shredded cheese, which seemed to melt into it with each bite. Where chardonnay swayed us, sauternes fell short. The foie gras and sauternes duck sausage came with truffle aioli, foie gras mousse, and fleur de sel, and despite and because of the overload of fancypants ingredients, the dog ended up falling flatter than its siblings. The sausage was overwhelmed by the cold rich cream of several discs of foie gras, and though the truffle aioli helped ground the flavor, it also didn't help cut much fat. The dog didn't taste bad - in fact for a bite or two, it was quite good - but I wouldn't order it again. We had one more dog with elaborate trimmings in the Uber garlic pork sausage with smoked gouda, roasted garlic cloves, and smoky bacon sauce. This was a success, with a juicy link and, well, garlic and bacon and smoky melting gouda on top. Though the special dogs were delicious fun, we couldn't leave without getting the basic Dog - Chicago-style with mustard, caramelized onions, relish, tomatoes, pickle, and celery salt. This was cheap and fantastic, and just as interesting as its more unusual cousins. I'm not used to having pickles right on my hot dogs, but the phallic layers do go together well. As we wolfed down our dogs, we also dug into the duck fat fries. They were nice, well seasoned and golden-brown, if not quite the reason to stand in line. When we left after 3PM, the line looked about the same as when we arrived. Out the door at all hours, I suppose, even in the bitterest cold. I can see why. Hot Doug's is a fun restaurant with an approachable price point, and most spots that fit that description don't offer delicious delicious sausages. Next time I'm back in Chicago, I'll try and tack myself onto the end of that line.
