Well, we had been kind of ignoring Nana after our initial breakfast visit. They seemed to have quite enough business without us, thank you, and we didn't really want to be rubbing too many elbows with culinary feebles unable to fry their own eggs and make their own toast - please. That whole family breakfast thing is not really our bag anyway. Having talked with the owners we understood their cautious approach business plan and have been jaunting off to Amelia's further down Halsted for our "real food" fixes, meanwhile hoping that Nana would someday offer evening dining and dare we hope alcohol. However, you read it here: there's been a sea change in the neighborhood zeitgeist. Walking by Saturday we noted their new staff of black-dressed experts all suited up and ready for dinner service. The place was still basically empty at that time, so we said "what the heck," went home and gussied up, returning with our French friend Corbieres. Greetings were gracious rather than breakfast-distant and we were soon perusing the menu, which is half lunch-type items and half dinner stuff. Too many good-sounding things to decide quickly, but we ended up with the quail, the skirt steak, and the asparagus salad. Yes, it all worked out. The servings were generous. The asparagus was perfectly blanched, with a nice mayonnaise sauce. The quails were spiced with sort of a tandoori treatment (which you wouldn't figure from the menu description) before frying, and satisfyingly voluptuous and tender. The skirt steak was well saturated with chimichurri and buttery in texture, very nice. Presentations were stacked, adding to the professionalness and sense of wonder. We even had an OK chocolate mousse with huckleberries for dessert. Nana doesn't give you extra stuff like bread, free salads, etc. with dinner, taking a cost-control cue I guess from Nightwood down the road (although the quantities are as noted impressively ample by contrast). However, culinarily, latin influences aside, this food could be described as Nightwood with balls; the seasoning and richness are not timid but suffuse with a home-cookin' confidence. So in summation, just like that we have become stakeholders in Nana's dinner service, and so accordingly toast a hearty welcome to the first real restaurant in Bridgeport! Keep it up, and may the admirers amass!
