I would get excited by a sign in the window that read "Under New Management." I had, for a period of time, been a semi-regular diner here. (Total dining visits here in the 15-20 range.) A friend worked here and so occasionally because of the size and availability of tables, a few of us would meet up here for lunch, brunch, or dinner. My friend who worked here made me promise to not write a review until he left. Ok, so the best part of dining here: Decor. You'd be hard pressed to find another restaurant on the north side of Chicago as well decorated and warm feeling as Wilde. I've never felt crowded while dining here, nor has the noise level ever been an issue. The downside: The food. This IS a restaurant after all, and most patrons come to eat. They've got the pub part of gastro-pub down pat. This isn't merely an issue of one poor meal. This is an issue of every single time we've eaten here, something is bad. I've had deep fried cod show up cooked for so long in the deep fryer it's greasy yet dried out and inedible. I've seen chicken sandwiches so dried out the chicken breast was like a pine board, again, inedible. I've had french fries greasier and soggier than a pig in a kid's contest. Not one time ever has all the food come out done well. Ok, twice everything I ordered was good. But how bad is it that you remember the two times things were good? It strikes me as a place where all the investment was made in the space and then the owners hired their "best buddy's kid who just graduated from B rate cooking school" to do the menu, or "this guy who used to work as a sous chef for Charlie Trotter" to lead the kitchen. Service: Hit or miss. Some times it was great (especially when accompanying previously mentioned staff member), some times it was a matter of chasing down a waitress to let her know you're in her section, some times it was downright surly.  I wouldn't have ever said it was friendly or professional. Again, poor management issues.  I've been to several non-pretentious dive bars in Chicago who serve the same food, from a smaller kitchen, but manage to do it well time and time again. One day I really hope to come back here because I see that magical sign in the window. It really is a warm and inviting space, it just deserves so much better in the food department. To be fair, I hesitate to give any place a one star rating. As a restaurant it's one star. As a bar, aside from the decor, nothing makes it stand out so it might be a 2 star. I chose to rate it as a restaurant. Come for a drink, sit in the library or at the bar. Make your dinner reservations elsewhere.
