Please, please visit 90 Miles Cuban Cafe. You won't regret it. For maximum pleasure do the following things: -Upon arrival, order a round of Pastelitos de Guayaba y Queso Crema (guava and cream cheese pastries) along with some Cortaditos. There are many varieties of Pastelitos, but these are filled with guava paste and a special, sweetened cream cheese mixture. They have a delicate, flaky pasty shell and are perfect for dipping into Cuban espresso--the world's finest espresso, especially when mixed with a little steamed milk. Anyway, the Pastelitos are brought in from Miami proper and they sell out very quickly, which is why you should ask for them right away. They're unmissable. Also worth noting, if you're there for the experience, the Pastelito and Cortadito combination is as classic-Cuban as it gets. -The portions here are humongous. Plan to share an entree (or two, depending on your party's size) and order a few appetizers instead of one mega entree per person. As far as selection goes, I've tried almost everything and I think that the two best entrees are the Bistec (so huge) and Ropa Vieja dishes. The Ropa Vieja, which translates into 'old clothes' is a savory, shredded beef dish cooked for hours in a tomato-garlic-saffron stew. It's served with rice, beans and sweet plantains--a thing of beauty. -The Croquetas are also absolutely delicious. Order those. The sauce they are served with isn't a traditional accompaniment, but I love it. -Also, order the Mariquitas. The Mariquitas are shaved, fried plantain chips. They are highly munchable and extremely addictive. They come with a side of Mojo (garlic in oil, basically) which I enjoy pouring all over the Mariquitas, the rest of my food and myself. -Lastly, we all know this place is byob and that's great, but one of these days you should order the Jupia--a supremely awesome pineapple soda that Cuban people feed their children so that their tropical bodies grow up full of crazy. It's so good, sweet and unique. Don't miss it either. I'm Cuban American, born and raised in Miami's Little Havana. I would know.
