Whoa, 600+ reviews! You fancy, huh? I've been here a handful of times, and the food has been really great on each visit. The hombre and farm burgers are pretty yummy, the side salad I got was surprisingly good (didn't look like salad mix out of a bag! cool!), and I got a bite or two of the amazing mashed potatoes....mmmmmm.... I've liked every beer I've tried here, and the chalkboard drawing of the featured beer is way better than the bizarre art they often choose to display in the dining room. Recent favorite: God of War (both the beer and the chalkboard art!) Yeah, it's nuts how crowded it gets, but it's a popular place, so plan accordingly, I guess. Four of us came the Wednesday of the Big Ol' Blizzard and were told there was a 45-min wait, so we ordered beers at the bar, took a sip, and were whisked off to a table in probably just short of ten minutes. This has happened a couple of times, so maaaaybe they exaggerate the wait time. But why? Or to weed out those uncommitted to their dining experience? To separate the strong-willed from the ambivalent? In any case, the bar is really big so take a seat and enjoy a beer with your comrades as you wait. This brings me to my only complaint about this place so far: I despise a particular hostess. This person has been there I think every I've come, and she is obviously Too Cool For School. Each time it's the same; a real nasty attitude right from when we walk in the door, and she makes it clear we are obviously a great inconvenience to her. I've been a hostess, a server, and a food runner, (also did retail and I'm a hairstylist, so I really do understand the trials and tribulations of the service industry) and I know busy restaurants can grate the nerves, but man up and deal with it. That first interaction really sets up whether or not someone has a good or bad impression of the place. Also, wearing sunglasses indoors is lame. Unless she has some kind of light sensitivity problem, in which case, I apologize for the previous comment. Fortunately, each server I've had has been really great, particularly the last guy. Spaced on the name. I call him Cool Haircut. He was super nice and considerate. Despite Miss Too Cool For School, I'll definitely will be back because I'd love to try more on the menu and I've got a ways to go on the beer list still.
