So I went to Wilde over the weekend with a couple of my girlfriends for a lovely Saturday afternoon lunch. I live in the area and walk by it every once in awhile and thought it looked like some good bar food. So we went there and I am pretty confident that it was the worst service I had ever received at a restaurant. Here is why I will never be going back: 1. I arrived about 10 minutes after my friends. We waited approximately another 10 minutes for the waiter to come over and take our order. Apparently he was too busy talking to his friend that was walking down the street. Nevertheless, we let this little mishap slide. 2. While ordering, I asked a couple of questions about one of the menu items and he said "oh, such-and-such is on the lunch menu." It was 1:30 on a Saturday. Don't you think it would have been appropriate to give us a couple of lunch menus to begin with?  3. Two of my friends order a coffee and a cup of soup. It comes out in normal time. However, we waited probably another 40 minutes after their coffee/soup came out to receive our meals. This was AFTER one of my friends complained to the management. Now, I know that sometimes waiters forget to put orders in. Like I said, we are all former waitresses. But the guy didn't even come to check on us! He literally glanced over at our table and ran away like we had the plague or something. My friends' coffee cup sat empty the entire time she waited for our food. Even the other tables on the patio (that all arrived AFTER us) had received their food - some were even paying! 4. And here's the kicker... the manager said that he would take care of a couple of things on our bill due to the delay with our food. What did he do? He gave us the soup and coffee for free. REALLY? In every restaurant I've worked in, the employees got that stuff for free anyway. Gee, taking off $5 from the bill really makes up for making us wait over 40 minutes for our food. 5. The worst part was, they didn't even seem all that concerned about it. We had to get up AGAIN when our bill came because our waiter ignored the credit card sitting on our table and at this point, our "lovely Saturday afternoon lunch" had lasted almost 2 hours. It was like they had thought to themselves "Well, we screwed that one up. I guess they won't be coming back so let's just really piss 'em off!" You're right. We won't be coming back. The food is decent, I'll give them that, but I just can't believe that a restaurant in the Lakeview area would be so indifferent toward its customers. There are hundreds of restaurants in this area so customer service has to be great to get people to keep coming back. As a former waitress, I always tip at least 20% and I can honestly say this is the first time I was so upset about the service that I left nothing.  Long story short - go somewhere else.
