Fox & Obel....Fancy & Original. I just learned that Fox & Obel was the first gourmet foodstore in Chicago. It opened in August 2001 and after nearly 10 years, it has gathered a loyal yuppie fanclub and even recently opened an in-store sit-down restaurant, called The Bistro Market. This is where I had brunch (and spent half my paycheck on fine groceries) this first Saturday-in-October morning. Enter: Buttermilk and Sweet Ricotta Pancakes. Described as "Triple Stack Pancakes, Lemon Curd, Shaved Verona White Chocolate, Fresh Strawberries, Black Mission Fig Syrup.".........except that instead of strawberries, there were raspberries& blueberries (see my pic) and I kept waiting for the lemon curd zesty flavor to pull through, but alas it never showed up :( Thumbs-up on the batter. It was generously thick from the eggs, but again, I was missing the ricotta in them..I wanted to taste a faint creamy cheesy zing in my fancy pancakes, but these unfortunately did not deliver. *Also, I realized I didn't add any maple syrup! The compote, fig syrup, and runny white chocolate provided plenty of dipping sauce. The service was a whole 'nother story. Luckily, my two brunchmates and I were wrapped up in deep conversation....but it took them 50 MINUTES to bring out our entrees!! Unacceptable, for the small size (~25 seats) restaurant. In their defense, the wait staff and an asst manager came to our table 3+times, apologizing profusely and assuring us the kitchen "is working like Santa's elves in there". mMhm..right. All the same, I think those elves were more efficient! Anyway, the menu (http://www.fox-obel.com/) is chock full of stand-out ingredients...gruyere croquette, house made chicken gravy, which leaves me intrigued and willing to give them a second chance to WOW me. And I know you have the fresh ingredients to do it, F&O!! p.s. After brunch, I innocently roamed around the store aisles...yet somehow ended up purchasing a Pomelo Sauvignon Blanc, La Vielle Ferme's 2009 Cotes du Ventoux, and a hunk of Brie. How I succumbed to the lure of imported French wines and fresh cheeses.....it could happen to anyone.
