I work at a restaurant and asked the general manager and exec chef (well I didn't ask, but someone did) what their favorite restaurants in Chicago were. They both mentioned carnivale, so my expectations were elevated before even stepping through their door. First of all, hallelujah for $5 valet. I hate trying to find street parking, I have a tendency to park illegally on accident even though I spend 10 minutes checking for signs or yellow curbs or other reasons why parking there will cost me a $60 ticket. So yay for cheap valet. I made a reservation the same night like 2hours before I actually came, and though we were early we were sat immediately. We walked through the bar which looked nice and open which I like. Then we walked into the dining area. It's absolutely gorgeous. Beautiful high ceilings, huge colorful laterns hanging, bright colors and a wall made of wine racks which changing lights behind it. It gave the place great energy and ambiance. Now to the important part: food and drinks. Drinks: Mojito for my man: they are known for their mojitos, apparently they recently sold their millionth. Pretty solid, tasted good not too sweet. Prickly pear mojito for me. A tad too sweet, but that's what I get for ordering a flavored mojito. Side note: is prickly pear a fuchsia colored fruit? Food: Apps were arepa, ropa veija, and reviled ceviche. Yes I got three, I was hungry. don't hate. Ropa is their most popular, and rightly so. It was delicious and the flavors were well thought out and perfect. The escolar ceviche was beautiful and probably my favorite. I get escolar (super white tuna) when ever I get sushi so I was excited to see it on the menu at a Spanish fusion place. It's got the perfect mix of creamy fish, spicy bite, lime and vinegar cleanliness...it great as a palate cleanser. The arepa was good and juicy, with some nice polenta cake to even out the richness. Entrees: Churrasco for the man. It was a perfect medium, which seems difficult for some places to execute. Only thing I wished was that the chimichurri had more bite. It also seemed creamy which is weird to me. The short rib for me. Holy moly it was AMAZING. Super tender, came apart with a fork, and seasoned beautifully. I love a good short rib. Dessert: My man had a port. It was a bit strong and not my favorite. He was kinda meh about it too. I got apparently the best or most popular domestic dessert wine. The far niente dolce, surprise it was very sweet...but fit well with the tres leches cake, which was fantastic. It had a rustic feel to it like maybe they grind their own flour or something, but the moistness was on point and whatever basil mousse they put on the side is a stroke of genius. Our server, jayse was lively and made great recommendations. He was friendly, efficient and a perfect mix of what me and my boyfriend like in a server, which is oftentimes, seeing as how we both are servers, difficult. It was a wonderful Sunday dinner, the best I've had in a long while. Give it a try, it won't disappoint. Plus it was about $200, with the tip, which isn't bad for 4 drinks, 3 apps, 2 enterees, 1 dessert and exceptional service.
