The two Indian co-workers in my team has told me that this is the best Indian food option within walking distance from our office (near LaSalle and Lake), and they preferred it over India Garden and Gaylord. However, they tend to be rather taciturn, and when I asked about the food before choosing the place, they just nodded vigorously and muttered, "it's good." Not fantastic, not a no-no, but a solid "good." Thus, I chose India House for our team lunch today. The atmosphere is a nice mix between Indian-inspired decor and contemporary touch, and the lunch buffet offers a nice selection of entrees and desserts -- a perfect place for a business lunch among co-workers.  The host was somewhat meandering and took his time seating my party of 11 at 11:30 AM with hardly any other diners, but once seated, the service was prompt, attentive and thoughtful. The buffet was about $2-3 more expensive than the typical indian buffets you'll find on Devon or non-business district, but it's a fair deal in River North. For my party of 11, they also served tandoori chicken and baskets of naan at the table, which was a nice touch -- definitely a blessing for a few of us who could not stomach ANY degree of spiciness. And that's what ultimately leads to the three stars. The ingredients and preparation is solid -- good, fresh ingredients, appropriate texture and right level of oiliness (none of the morsels-swimming-in-pool-of-grease in those lamb vindaloos!) -- and the buffet is tastefully arranged. The reduction of the two stars is the rather unsatisfying blandness of prevalent in just about every item on the buffet. Vindaloos and masalas -- typically the two items on the buffet that would be packing some searing heat -- were of right flavor, but wrong degree of spiciness. The other dishes fared better, but while flavorful, they seemed to be tuned to "bland" or "safe" level.  If your party is has a mix of taste and exposure to Indian dishes, India House would probably be the perfect place -- good, solid food in a pleasant decor, and (relatively) safe for beginners. If you have a craving for Indian at the office (and you work in north Loop or River North), it's definitely a good choice. The convenient location (from offices), upscale decor and general pleasantness of the dining experience are India House's strong points. Nonetheless, it's not a destination for me; I would not make my way down to River North on the weekend just to go to India House.
