My buddy and I were on a mission: get to Revolution Brewing Co. and eat. I'm not going to lie, I was hungry. Damn hungry. That day I ate my allergy medication, mints, and a stick of gum. If that sounds like a feast to you, then I'm going to sound like a glutton. RBC has been on my radar for months. I've stared at Yelp pictures of the bacon fat popcorn for hours at a time. Needless to say, I made it to the door with as much giddiness as a tween watching Twlight AND meeting Justin Bieber and the same time. I felt like I was in another town: Yuppieville, USA. It was like the time on The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air when Geoffrey acted like Rafael De La Ghetto reciting "The Charge of the Light Brigade." But instead of there being cannons to the left and right, it was more like "Yuppies to the left of them. Hipsters to the right of them." I felt a little out of place..just a little. My friend and I were seated quickly and greeted by out server who talked to us about drinks and specials. While looking over the menu, we placed an order for the thing that I've dreamt of for months, bacon fat popcorn. Our server came back and we both decided to order burgers, but I left it up to the decision of our server to pick a burger for me. I wound up ordering the Smokehouse Burger, which consists of a beefy patty, pepper jack cheese, and South Carolina-style pulled pork. Yeah, that's right. Burger and pulled pork. A-MAZ-ING. You're probably asking yourself where my description for the popcorn is, right? Well, it's between that last paragraph and this one. See, I was at a complete loss for words on how to describe the divinity of what appeared to be popcorn. The only thing that I came up with was that you should order it...no matter what. Now our server made a booboo. Our burgers came out and our popcorn didn't, so I asked her about it. She apologized and said that she thought she put in the order but she admitted she didn't do it. I like that she admitted her mistake, but C'MON MAN. You're getting in the way of a many and his popcorn. She had the nerve [insert sarcasm] to ask if we still wanted the popcorn. Geez! =) The menu is pretty big and I'll definitely be back to eat [some more] and try a few drinks [as I opted out of having a cold one that evening].
