Sunda embodies everything about what you envision when you think of a perfect night on the town in downtown Chicago. The location is in the middle of all the action. The atmosphere is about as hip and trendy as it gets, while still being welcoming and not pretentious. And the food options are original, prepared to perfection, and presented beautifully. This is the type of place where you wouldn't be surprised to run into a visiting Hollywood celebrity having dinner, but at the same time, reservations are easy to get for us common folk too. The best part about Sunda is that the food lives up to the hype and reputation. My boyfriend and I went to Sunda on a Friday night and were seated immediately on time for our 7:30 reservation. Upon sitting down, we were immediately served with a little starter bite of a fabulous crostini with some sort of shrimp pate. We started with a bottle of sake, and were pleased that they had both reasonable and fancy options. It's hard to talk about Sunda without comparing it to their across the street neighbor, Roka Akor. If you are a sake expert, then I'd have to say Roka probably has the better and more expansive sake menu, but Sunda's menu suited us just fine. After reading just a small portion of the 900+ reviews, it was obvious you can't go to Sunda without getting the rock shrimp. It was every bit as delicious as described. Not over-battered like I found Roka's rock shrimp to be, but more just a lightly dusted batter so as not to overpower the taste of the shrimp. The candied walnuts and honey aioli added a light sweetness, without making the dish overly syrupy. I probably would not order this again, just because it's one of the less original items and I'm more into the sushi-related items. But it's definitely worth trying if you're a fan of rock shrimp. We then had the crab cake crusted ahi tuna sashimi, which blew us away. The sashimi cuts were a little thicker so you could really appreciate the tasty crust, but seared perfectly so that the tuna was rare inside. The soy glaze added the perfect flavoring and we were sad when this dish was finished.  We finished with the Tail of Two Tunas sushi roll. Every ingredient was extremely fresh and of the highest caliber. You could taste each individual flavor, yet they all blended together nicely at the same time. For us, with relatively small appetites, the 3 small items were the perfect size for us to be satisfied without being stuffed. We probably could have added a 4th item to really fill up, but it may have caused food coma and enticed us to go back home rather than stay out for the night. I had dined at Roka Akor a couple times prior to this visit and had really enjoyed my experience there. After our meal at Sunda, I had no recollection of the Roka experience. It really was a perfect experience in every way. When you are in the mood for a nice night out with a fun atmosphere, excellent service, and absolutely mind blowing creations, I think Sunda is the perfect choice. I can't wait to go back and try many of their other options.
