After a long day of doing the tourist scene along the magnificent mile hunger decided to come a knockin and we decided to open our flood gates to the purple pig.. At first impression we noticed the alfresco dining option and was already half way sold to this place.. tucked on the side of a building right on Michigan ave the location is great for an outdoor dining experience. A quick hello to our hostess and off we went to to our table or so we thought it was our table.. Instead of individual tables we were squeezed into a community table, that's right a community table.. Where Larry ,Joe moe,Susie and crap load of other people I don't know was also sitting..now coming from LA where we avoid all outside human contact this was not usual to me and actually made me a little nervous that I might have to interact with people I am bumping shoulders with.. But After an actual smile or two from my table neighbour I started to ease into the experience and realize I wasn't in LA anymore and people were semi friendly.. After my initial shock the ordering began and the choices available on this menu got my full attention for I was seeing items on the this menu I have never experienced.. Time for an adventure.. Our choices were bone marrow,, eggplant cabonato and deep fried deviled egg. Now this place is like a tapas bar so really small plates , small plates and larger plates which all seem to go with the pricing ,,the more you pay the more you get.. Ordering was a little tricky since I got to shout over my new table buddies head to my waitres while they are trying to have a conversation with the other strangers at the table.. Out came the deviled egg note the key word "egg" ya you only get one..after my initial thought of what the hell they are ripping us off here I took a bite and all my worries disappeared... The egg was a devil of a good time in my mouth and Made me wish I had more than one .. The watercress salad that came with it was salty and so would be many of the other dishes I experienced here, they are a little heavy handed on the salt.. Next was th egg plant that seemed to be saut in some sort of tomatoe base that just went really well with the cheese coated burnt bread .. Finally our experience that I have been avoiding for awhile but knew I had to try, arrived, bone marrow al a bone..now this was my first experience at this and didn't know what to expect.. Well what I got was a total Zimmerman experience of that was one bizzare food.. Bizarre in texture taste and why would I want this .. It tasted like bone marrrow..people actually like this or are they just putting a show.. Well as for me it was not agreeing with my taste buds but after two great plates I couldn't complain and quickly brushed of my disappointment with bone marrow. Overall this place is great to experience some interesting dishes, good location and nice alfresco dining .. My negatives would be communtinty tables which make the ordering experience less personal and hard to find out more about what I am ordering, makes you feel like you want to just order something so you don't bother you neighbor who has to curb her conversion so the waitress can take my order in between her space..try to grab one of the few individual seats an it think this place will be a great experience..
