The Publican is a great place to splurge on exceptional food and elite beer but there are some drawbacks. I ate dinner here on Tuesday 20-November-2009. I had a seat at the bar and immediately felt like there should be more room. The bar is only about 12 deep so the plates and glasses really have no where to go. Also, they pack you really close to the people next to you. Its a bit of an uncomfortable position. The gentlemen next to me had the sardines and I waited for them to finish their dish so the odor wouldn't ruin my tuna crudo experience. The place is an audible disaster. I like a buzzing restaurant but it sounded like the old RCA dome in Indianapolis where extra sound is being piped in during Colts games. I never thought a place could be this loud. The noise level was actually painful and distracting at time and I am not exaggerating one bit. Go there on a busy night and you'll completely agree. Now on to the food. I had the tuna crudo. I usually hate using superlatives but it was the best piece of fish I have ever eaten. The tuna was a translucent and creamy pink with a consistent texture and divine flavor. The pistachios and pickled lemon were an excellent compliment to the fish. I could have eaten 3 orders of the tuna crudo. The pork rillettes could have been much better. I know a rillette is supposed to have lots of salt but this dish had a mouth puckering amount. It was definately more than other rillettes I have had. The cherries seemed to be a separate component of the dish. I would have like to have seen the cherries chopped to make a kind of relish to use on the toast so you can get the pork and cherry on each bite. Otherwise it was just an OK dish. This was the first time I had sweetbreads so I really have no comparison. I found there to be a great amount of flavor and texture in the hearty serving of sweetbreads themself. I felt the outer coating should have been crisiper to contrast the gooeyness of the actual sweetbreads. The mushrooms were a great savory compliment. It was an overall good dish. The service was very good but not without criticism. My server Paul, had an exceptional amount of knowledge of the food and beer. He claimed to be working in the industry for 25 years and it showed. He did however bring me a different beer than what I ordered. I don't know if it was his fault or the result of the audible tsunami behind him. He did try to steer me to the tubot and other side items to increase my bill. I know its their job to do that but it get annoying especially when i was already dropping a good amount of money. Paul did give me a few extra tastings of beers and a beautiful fortified malbec that was like a good desert port. I was pretty happy with his service. The Publican is a high quality restaurant, there is no doubt of that. However, there are a few things that need to be improved to make it exceptional. I may or may not go back.
