The stars were raining magic upon the quaint faade of a hidden map that alluded my new candy-eyed boy and a confused cab driver all looking for our destination: enchantment at the Violet Hour.After all of this time, where have you been all my life sweet illustriousness ubiquitous hub of de-lishnus, oh sweet Violet Hour?No, but seriously, it was really raining when we came. Cats and dogs and sheeps and cattles, if you catch my drift lol. But that's Chicago for you. Never a dull moment in this windy city. Luckily, my candy-eyed boy thought to bring an umbrella. He's not usually a thinking man.... Upon the heavenly cessation of our bumpy cab ride, we arrived at the knowers-only entrance gala to the Valhalla of fancy drinks. The wait was unbearable. But after a glance at the supernaturally calm and cool doorguy, and I knew this was a place I had to be inside.Alot of you other yelpers have described this place as Alice-In-Wonderlandish, but I must confess unduly that you are all completely and catastrophically wrong!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The only way to really describe this place is as if Xanadu met an Eyes Wide Shut fantasy and in the darkness, all the glitz and glamour were sexily studded in diamonds.  And then, the diamonds were studded in sex, because this place is SEX-EE!It's dark, dim, and hard to see at first. But once me and the boy were straddled in candlelight; our faces were basked in the golden beauty of eras bygone and a style of drinking, prohibtionarily; lost to the ages! We probably both looked a lot more beautiful for it.Even our waitress Grace looked like a Renaissance painting. AmAAAAAAAzing Grace. She told me about a special OFF-MENU drink called a Vodka Pie. It was awesome! Like, biblically awesome! I couldn't have told you what was in it, but whatever. My drink tasted like unicorn tears; literally, like unicorn tears. I cried too.And, I looked up at the ceiling and I could literally see the stars. My eyes transfixed, my fingers traced the outline of Cassiopeia. Literally, I did. Maybe there was absinthe in my drink and I was tracing the green fairy to the golden heavens of intoxication. My date let loose with a few Blackberry something-or-others that were pretty to die for too. The lime juice was like jungle passion. It was all like a rutti-tutti-fresh-and-fruity slap in the face of Epicurean ecstasy. One thing, whenever the boy smiled, he had seeds in his teeth. Hello, ever heard something about a strainer? Just kidding, I'm sure that's part of the experience! lol, lmao.Really, the only downside of the evening besides paying the bill to leave was that those drinks were strong. Hey, I've had my fair share of kir royales in my day, but things got spinny. And the boys tongue got a little loose. I really don't need to hear about your ex-girlfriend's fetishes while you're whispering in my ear. And when I went to the bathroom to cry, I couldn't find it. Kind of embarrassing in a really swank-i-fied establishment, but I was drunk enough not to care. All in all, a magical experience!!!!
