I always think that Fogo de Chao is what people in the third-world must perceive that America is like. Hilariously tacky decor, people-with-accents in ridiculous culturally inappropriate costumes running around force feeding fat people from Oklahoma giant chunks of meat. Everything that you've heard or imagined about Fogo is true. Swords! Pantalones! Fire Pits! Crowds!  Fogo De Chao is an orgy of meat. It is extremely important to schedule and plan your Fogo-day properly in order to maximize the benefits while minimizing the missed opportunities. First of all, the timing....  On your selected Fogo-day, you should be careful to eat a very carb-heavy breakfast and to avoid eating lunch entirely. Do not snack in the afternoon. Purge your body around 4pm somewhat, but not to the point of dizzyness (for you still need to keep the energy and blood sugar to walk into the door and sit down). Laxitives, crash diets and liposuction are all possible ways to empty out your body of all non-meat prior to your meal. Once you arrive, you must understand that there are a large variety of dishes at Fogo, most of which are low-priced filler. This restaurant has a wonderful Salad bar featuring lettuce and greens from all over the world.  Avoid it entirely. This is trick #1. Go for a nice leisurely walk around the room to whet your appetite, burn off those extra calories and glance at the rides in this meat-theme park.  Make a game plan and stick to it. When you arrive back at your table, you will realize that there is a wide selection of breads, polenta and mashed potatoes waiting for you as an appetizer. Again. Avoid this entirely for it is only intended to act as a distraction from the meat about to arrive. You look in front of you and see a two sided card.  This is the equivalant of a meat accelerator.  When flipped to the green side, you will find yourself surrounded by meat faster than you can say "diabetic coma". It is extremely important to filter out the lower quality meats from the higher quality servings.  You will see gentlemen arrive carrying hot-dog-looking sausages. Avoid these.  Be patient and wait for the Sirloin and Filet to arrive.  Indulge. Although there is no explicit take out program at Fogo De Chao, based on previous experience no one either complains and/or notices if you start filling a pillowcase or purse full of tenderloin to enjoy at home. It is extremely important to recognize that although moderately-priced, nothing screams out "It's a great weekend in Chicago, but I can't wait to get back to Iowa" more than going to Fogo more than once in a week.  Enjoy in moderation.
