We were in the neighborhood around 10pm after attending a gallery opening & I was dying for some Asian food. I remembered the name from Mandi's review & the upcoming Hotheads dinner. I didn't want to wait until the dinner, I wanted to check it out for myself. The parking situation was terrible. Yes, they have a parking lot, but unfortunately it is really small, & the people that park there do not seem to care how much space they take or how they positioned their cars. There was a space available, but we could not even maneuver into the space because the cars parked on either end stuck out so far that you could not even fit between them. There was also no way of turning or backing into the space. We ended up parking along the side street about a block & a half away. It's a pretty place compared to the majority of the Korean restaurants in the neighborhood. I am normally a huge fan of Korean food. We were seated very quickly at a table, there wasn't any space left at the platform area. Before we were fully seated, the waitress immediately handed us our menus & began pushing her knuckles on to the table back & forth waiting for our orders. We hadn't had a chance to look at the menu yet, so we gave her our drink orders instead. I think that they only have 2 kinds of beer available, neither of which we were familiar with. They come in 40's. We figured that she would come back after we ordered our drinks, but she just stood there & ran her knuckles on our table again. It was a little bit discomforting so we asked if we could have a few minutes. 2 minutes later, another waitress approaches our table to take our order. We still hadn't had a chance to decide. Feeling the pressure, we ended up ordering what popped first for each of us. I ordered one order of Bulgolgi(Bulkolki on their menu. It is marinated beef with onions.They prepare it for you if it is for one. You get to cook it yourself if it is for 2.) My husband ordered the short rib soup, our friends ordered the crab stew & tofu stew. (One of them is a vegetarian who will eat fish every so often.) Our dinners came quickly..hot and steaming. We each received bowls of sticky rice, 20 small kimchi plates & I received a tofu veggie soup with my order. I like to eat the bulgogi wrapped in seaweed wrappers with the sticky rice & various banchan. I did not receive any seaweed wrappers so I asked the waitress whether it was possible to order any. There was a slight language barrier & I am not sure why she seemed to be angry at me. Finally, exasperated she tells me that I get no seaweed. Lettuce & peanut sauce come automatically if I had ordered the bbq for 2, but not with my order. But she brings me a plate of bibb lettuce & peanut sauce anyways.  I can give a somewhat accurate description of the 20 side dishes known as banchan or Galbijm that were placed in front of me for those who want to know. You will get potato salad, bean sprouts kimchi, marinated bean sprouts, shredded daikon, cucumber kimchi, nappa cabbage kimchi, baby bokchoy,daikon kimchi, fishy agar, fermented pickles, radishes, marinated spinach, sweetened black beans, 2 kinds of marinated sea weed, pork in egg batter, tofu kimchi, sliced fish, korean greens, and seafood pancake. If it's your first time...a few things to note. The smells of kimchi are very pungent & offensive to some but it is really good. Make sure that you bring breath mints or gum. The taste will remain for several hours, & your body and breath will smell like kimchi. The red dishes tend to be a little bit more spicy & are marinated in alot of garlic and vinegar. It's really not very spicy to me, so be sure to add more hot sauce if you like things hot. The white dishes have a slightly sweetened vinegar taste also high in garlic. As for the green veggies...either it will be steamed with sesame oil, seeds, and garlic, or steamed & salted. I have 2 major complaints besides the parking situation. One, our waitress was quick to take our orders, deliver our food, & leave us our check. We did not receive any more service other then when I asked about the seaweed. My major complaint is their ventilation system. We had not been out to eat anywhere since the smoking bans took effect, so it was a new experience. I did not anticipate the smoke. It was black & reeked of bad chemicals.  It was really overwhelming to the point that our eyes stung & we could not breathe. I got to experience what non smokers must have been complaining about all these years. Each table is equipt with a large hood over it. None of them seemed to be working. You could literally see the smoke fill the room instead of being sucked into the hood. It was so bad that we needed to ask for our check. In leaving, all of our clothes & hair reeked. I actually had a semi asthma attack once outside. $20 a person is fairly accurate. The food was awesome though.
