Love this place. The interior is gorgeoussss. Everything is shiny, textures everywhere, colors and mirrors... very modern yet comfortable. Okay, now on to the ramblings. Excuse the unorganized paragraph(s) below. Our room was amazing! The second you enter, there's the smell of freshly laid out wood floors... which to me, smells great! We got a corner room facing Millennium Park and the room itself was surrounded with floor-to-ceiling windows. LOVE IT! We got our own balcony which wrapped around the room (unfortunately, this didn't get much use due to the cold weather.) Awesome King Bed with pillows I wanted to steal. The shower has a rain fall shower head and also a wand that sprays water which after using once, I couldn't figure out how to turn on again. There's a huge bathtub to relax in. Cool little corner toilet which you can close off. And all this is WHITE WHITE WHITE - in other words.. CLEAN! Heater kept us warm. Large flat screen TV if that's important to ya. Free Wi-Fi. Free coffee/tea station in the room. Ipod/radio deck. Wine glasses, mugs, cups, AND to-go cups. bottle opener with a cork screw attached to it. Mini-bar/fridge. What else? 1 robe (why one?), ironing board, laptop sized safe.. plenty of conveniently placed plugs/outlets to charge phones and cameras. Literally like a block or so away from beautiful Millennium park. Few blocks from the trains. There's a CVS next door. Fillini downstairs is beautiful. We had two free drinks voucher so stopped by and had fancy cocktails before heading out. There are two floors dedicated to a pool area, game room (which consists of a pool table and cards table), a community room with a fireplace, food area with microwaves, gym with brand new equipment (lots of it!), basketball court, sauna & steam room, outdoor garden and running track. What doesn't this hotel have, right? If we weren't limited on time, I would've liked to actually use all the amenities. Best of all... they allow check out time as late as 6pm!! (depends on availability)... 6pm! That's practically a whole 'nother day/night. We didn't have to rush out of the hotel early with no where to go and luggages in tow. Although, I felt kinda bad because the house cleaner wanted to finish our room so she could leave for the day... I would definitely recommend this hotel. Location is away from the noise and people, but still close enough to enjoy what Chicago has to offer.
