My experience with deep dish pizza mostly revolves around trips to Uno's when I was in college. Those were simpler days when it was hard not to love food that was eminently affordable and filling. On a recent trip to Chicago, we had our hearts set on deep dish pizza. Our friends suggested we meet at Gino's East. Maybe it's just that I'm a New Yorker and don't understand what all the fuss is about with deep dish, or possibly I didn't have the best deep dish pizza Chicago has to offer. The line out the door makes we wonder if there's a theme park ride inside. And valet parking at a pizza place? I don't think we're in NY anymore. The graffiti-covered walls, tablecloths and decorations tells me Gino's is going for kitschy and contrived, but it's a chain, so maybe that's the point. Though honestly, the tables and whole restaurant felt a little on the grimy side - like it could use a good scrubbing. Or is that part of the atmosphere, too? On the plus side, we didn't have to wait all that long for a table for 5 - even on a Saturday night - and the service was good. Our waitress warned us about the 40 minutes it takes to make the pizzas and made sure we could get our appetizer and drink orders in first (p.s. I think it took more like 25 minutes). The fried ravioli was good - nice and crisp on the outside, lots of melted cheese on the inside. The spinach dip was the same as at thousands of other chain restaurants around the country. There must be a spinach dip factory somewhere that supplies all of it. It's hard for me to say if the pizza was really good since I don't have much to compare it to. We had one with about 5 different types of meat and another with 5 different types of veggies. The meat pizza didn't seem to actually have that many toppings - mostly sauce, which was nice and tart. I think the sauce is what made it - not the crust or the toppings. And it felt kind of like eating a calzone with all the crust. Two slices of this deep dish pizza and you're done. Gino's didn't really win me over but 2.51 stars rounds up to 3. Would I go on a quest for Chicago deep dish pizza again? Absolutely. I'm always on a quest for good food.
