This perspective is from a habitu of neighborhood joints who seldom dines at gastronomic shrines of this caliber. A special occasion called for a splurge far in excess of what we would normally spend. The challenge, though, was finding a place with menu items that would appeal to my missus, who is strictly a 'meat-and-potatoes' person. After comparing a dozen-or-so menus online, I found Tru's to be flexible and varied enough to accommodate both timid and adventurous palates. Their ever-evolving three-course prix fixe menu offers a choice of 7 appetizers, 7 entrees, and dessert or a selection from the cheese cart. Our apprehensions about condescending or snooty service were put to rest from the moment we stepped inside. The matre d' and wait staff were absolutely wonderful. They took obvious delight in answering our sometimes silly questions and describing everything on our plates. They didn't hover over us but somehow magically appeared at the precise moment we needed something. The only gaffe in the service -- choreographed like a ballet -- was when one server started to whisk away a plate before we were done with it. In this comfortable, hushed and minimalist dining room, the focus is on art, attractive plating, and wine. Tru's wine list is voluminous. Being hopelessly ignorant about wine, we asked the sommelier for his recommendation, which turned out to be stellar. Tru's kitchen happily accommodates dietary restrictions and individual preferences. Our entire meal was a uniformly remarkable spectrum of both familiar and exotic flavor and texture combinations. As for plating, we observed foodies at other tables taking pictures of their food.  A meal at a more pedestrian restaurant the following night seemed ordinary and bland by comparison. Now ... at the risk of sounding like a rube, my pet peeve concerning haute cuisine in general is the dainty portion sizes relative to price (for cripes sake, even the free samples at Costco are more generous!). Alright, I'll take my ten lashes with a limp shred of frise for saying that. But this is why we seldom visit such high-end restaurants. Having spent several hundreds of dollars on this one dinner, though, we did NOT leave Tru hungry or disappointed -- the three-course prix fixe meal was augmented by many, many extras and surprises. One of the high points was when our server brought chocolates with a liquid salty-caramel filling and instructed us on how to eat them without making a mess. It was a most enjoyable and memorable evening.
