I stayed there for two days this week and I have to say my expectations were much higher. I stay in Chicago quite often for business and pleasure, and this was my first time at the Allerton. Sure, the location was great as many point out, but there are countless other hotels in the area. A couple of blocks takes at most a few minutes to walk, and in the end, staying the night at another hotel would be much better.The hotel staff was friendly enough and my experience with them was positive. The downsides of the hotel greatly outweigh whatever positives the employees and location provide. First off, the rooms are incredibly tiny. Sure, it's the city, but I've never been in a room so small in Chicago. Secondly, my room was actually dirty. The bedsheets had sand in them when I went to sleep, and I'm guessing someone got a sandy towel stuck with the laundry that day. However, the maid should have noticed the sheets were dirty when she put them on the bed. There was also mold on the ceiling of the bathroom, something I've never seen in a hotel at this price point. Finally, I had purchased a park and play package, and never received the "play" part of the deal, which was supposed to include a welcome kit and free wi-fi. Instead, I was told I needed to purchase wi-fi, the packages starting at $10. What really was the worst part of the experience was the bed and the "valet" parking. When coming to the city, I look forward to getting a good rest on a nice mattress. The mattress at the Allerton was horrible. I've never had a problem at any hotel I've stayed at in the city. The mattresses are thin and old, so old in fact that you can feel the springs when you lay down on it! I woke up incredibly sore, from my back to my neck. I would equate the beds to something you would find at a Red Roof Inn! I did not pay almost $200/night for that. As far as the valet parking goes, avoid it at ALL costs. When I picked my car up before leaving, it took them over 30 minutes to bring me my car. I thought valet parking wasn't supposed to be a headache?! The parking allows for "come and go" access, meaning once they park you, you can come in and out of the parking garage throughout your stay. I can't imagine wasting a half hour of my time each time I wanted to leave!I wanted to like the Allerton, but I just can't. I love the decor, and it's very modern and clean. The did a great job on that end. I'm not normally picky, but for the price I was expecting much more. I normally don't complain about hotels (it might seem like it in this review), but I have never been so disappointed. Would I stay here if the price was lower? Yes. For now though, I will be staying elsewhere.
