If you're looking for the best patio in the city, look no further. Sure, you can find a good patio in Greektown, but you'll also be smelling cars and listening to them honk. Just north on Halsted lies Piccolo Sogno. It almost seems misplaced. I say this because it's a few feet from Emmit's and Richard's, the diviest of dive bars. PS is so modern and elegant, you don't even feel like you're in the city, let alone in the somewhat industrial part. I made reservations for the patio specifically a few weeks prior at PS for my beau's bday. I had originally thought that it was going to be old Italian with a little bit of modern flare. It turned out to be far beyond my expectations, and quite contemporary, but without losing the organic Italian feel. Their wine list is for everyone. You will find everything in your price range, and if you don't understand what is being offered, the waiters are more than experienced in telling you what's to be expected. Their bread with olive oil and balsalmic was amazing, 3 kinds, no salt or pepper needed. Immediately (while reading the menu online before dinner), I knew we had to start with the Griglia Mista (seafood salad). I was actually a bit nervous, not because of the wide array of tentacles, but because the last time I had grilled octopus and squid, it was chewy and way too heavy on the lemon. I was pleasantly surprised that everything was very fresh, and not over seasoned. We both agreed that the octopus was perfect without anything added, not even lemon. The shrimp were perfect as well, not too fishy, mostly seasoned with pepper and other herbs. For the main courses we started with the clam and pancetta pizza. The pizza was large, about 6 slices, on thin crust that had the best combination of onions, light white cheese, and a very flavorful oil in addition to the clams and pancetta. On to #2. No matter where we go, the beau loves his short ribs. The chef was kind enough to split up our plates for us without even asking! What service, I tell ya! (There was no split fee, either ;)) No wrong way for short ribs, we finished every bite. Our server, Humberto, was delightful. Of course, at the end of the night, we received a Happy Birthday chocolate gelato dessert that was cold, creamy, and rich. Ugh, to live in Italy and end every meal with that would allow me to die happy at any age. All in all, the prices were great at Piccolo, the service outstanding, and the atmosphere beyond quaint and charming. You must try PS for any and all occasions.
