The only thing I liked about this hotel was the lobby. I went to Chicago for a cousin's wedding and we decided to stay at the palmer house because it is such a historic place. When we first got there we stood in a long line to check in and when I finally got to the receptionist he was not very friendly and freaked out when the reservation was under my moms name and not mine and made my mom come down out of her room to confirm I was telling the truth. Anyway when we got to our room it was rather small. No coffee pot, no fridge, a large old box TV. The room was clean but nothing special. When I was getting ready for the wedding I needed to blow dry my hair and the blow dryer in our room didn't blow hot air so I had to go to my moms room to get a blow dryer. This gets me to my next point: THE ELEVATORS SUCK! Well first off all they put me on the 12th floor and my mom and her husband on the 18th floor. Not necessarily a big deal but the elevators at the palmer house are in three different groups and go to three different groups of floors. What I mean is in the lobby I had to get in the elevators for floors 10-15 and my mom got in elevators for floors 16-20 or something like that. So every time I needed to go to my moms room or vice versa I had to go all the way down to the lobby and then catch the other set of elevators to her floor. HUGE PAIN IN THE ASS! Also because we were there for a wedding, I was supposed to receive a gift bag with snacks and info about the wedding. Well I never got mine and I spent 20 minutes running all over the hotel looking for it with no success. Also at the Palmer house if you need to use a computer or the internet you have to pay a big price. Anyway my mom had to do a reading in the wedding and she lost the piece of paper so I went down to concierge and there were about three of them standing around doing nothing and I asked if they could print this off for me really quick because it was an emergency. They rudely told me to go to the business center and print it off myself. Anyway the service in the lobby SUCKED. However I will say that the cleaning staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Usually when I stay in a hotel just one night I don't need the staff to clean my room so I put the DND sign out. Well we were leaving to go see the sights one morning and the cleaning lady was right there and said oh I was about to clean your room and we said it was fine and then she suggested to give us at least a set of clean towels. VERY NICE CONSIDERATE CLEANING STAFF. Also avoid the restaurant they have in the lobby. The Lockwood I think. Horrible experience. See my next review. But I probably won't be staying at the Palmer House Again. There are many much nicer hotels in Chicago that offer fantastic customer service. And I only gave them two starts because the lobby is beautiful and the housekeeping staff rocks!
