Graham Elliott was the singularly worst dining experience of my life. I took my wife there for her 49th birthday. I specifically requested a quiet booth. Had the staff been honest they would have told me that this place doesn't exactly do quiet. I would have had no problem with such an honest disclosure. I would have taken my $400.00 for a dinner for two and enjoyed a superior dinner at Moto's or some other superior restaurant with better service, food and atmosthpere. Instead, I endured at shamelessly average 15 course meal from hell served to the sound of shrieking skinhead music at a decibel level that made me pray for the tarmac at O'hare. If you like the sound of shrieking, screeching guitar music limited to three chords and played at a volume that makes your ears bleed this is your place. Fine dining, however, this is not. In the last few months my wife and I have dined atTable 52, Moto's and Graham Elliotts. Graham Elliots, was definately amateur hour in relation to the other choices. Prior to this meal I never realized how negatively "background" music could impact a dining experience. During my experience at Graham Elliotts, I noticed that the music was not only far too loud, it was also patently obnoxious.The obnoxious chorus of ceasless angry music, made the dining experience incredibly uncomfortable. My wife and I delighted in the rare moments when the music would stop, only to realize that it was a brief rest between songs. As the meal progressed we prayed for those rests. Indeed, the music was more like water boarding, or Chinese water torture than anything else. Finally, my wife requested that we rush thru the meal to end the whole affair.Ultimately, it was a brilliant idea. When I could not take the volume any longer I asked if the music could be lowered just a bit. The response was quite interesting. I was told that the music was for the chef and that it was something he enjoyed as he cooked. I felt incredibly lucky that he didn't like to cook to pornography and the sights and sounds of clubbing baby seals. Finally, I was told that this obnoxious music helped create the atmosphere. The irony of that response is that it was absolutely correct. There could not have been more than 10 people in the entire place on the Sunday night we dined at Graham Elliotts. Not the numbers you want to see in a successful restaurant. I wonder when the owners of this place will draw the correlation between the music and the dining experience. But that is their problem not mine.My problem is I should have notice something was wrong when I tried to get a reservation at a dozen other restaurants on the same day. They were all booked. Graham Elliotts, however, gave me not only the date I wanted but the exact time I wanted. In addition, when I checked for the day before and after my wife's birthday. Those dates were open as well. Not the sign of a great restaraunt. Finally, I guess what upset me the most is the shear arrogance of a chef that says to his customers, "I like the sound of blasting skinhead music when I cook, and if you don't like it go elsewhere." Everywhere else I have eaten - dining is an enjoyable experience. The food should be the main feature. Nothing should distract from the food. If loud obnoxious music distracts from the food, a chef should play his loud music in his headset and leave his "guests" free to enjoy food without distractions.As someone who loves food I am offended by a "me first" chef. Having endured the obnoxious sounds surrounding this mediocre meal I wonder if this chef ever tried eating at another "respectful" restaurant. I certainly hope that this chef leaves Chicago soon. I have seen tons of restaurants fail in Chicago. I pray this is the next to shut its doors. I can only hope that before it closes someone takes this idiot Chef and force feeds him hours of bad music and repulsive images - clock work orange style. My headache demands nothing less. As for the services. My wife and I stood at the door for nearly 7 minutes before someone came to seat us. The waiters attempted to describe the meals to us, but never seemed to realize that we couldn't hear them.As for the food. the foie was delightful, and the pea soup was pretty good. Other than that there was nothing memorable about this meal other than the deserts. Indeed, the desserts were memorable for precisely how bad they were. Peanut butter and jelly? Really? Oreos for dessert? Yeah, original. Oh, and the Fava bean ice cream. The waiter took great joy in telling us how unique it was. The truth was funny. The idea wasn't new, or even interesting, just poorly executed. In sum, four of the 15 courses were great. The desserts were inedible, and the rest were forgettable. The only thing that left an impression about this place was the mind numbing music. Aspirin and the vow never to return, however, have seem to finally make even that impression go away
