Quite simply my favorite place on Earth. The encyclopedic beer list is hands-down the best in Chicago, no arguments - it always contains some local stalwarts such as Alpha King, Daisy Cutter and Green Line, as well as more interesting brews from the Chicago area's finest microbreweries. It also manages to bring in limited-edition selections from important microbreweries from around the nation (Dogfish Head, North Coast, Sierra Nevada, and New Belgium are frequent fliers), as well as a long list of Belgians that are difficult to find elsewhere in Chicago. And that's just the drafts - the bottle menu is Delirium-esque in scope. They have everything from Italian brews that taste most like Champagne to all the Belgian Trappists (apart from the impossible to find Westvleteren). If you want Bud, or even Sam's, go to the Jewel, because you won't find standard offerings on this beer list. Go to town on some stuff you've never heard of, and perhaps will never encounter again! The food is also uniformly divine. I have quite simply never had a bad bite here myself*, and I've probably eaten here 2 dozen times. The moules frites are the best I've tasted anywhere, including Europe - the mussels are perfectly tender in either preparation (one of which is always Wittekerke Belgian white with onions, and the other of which varies seasonally), and the frites are delectably thin and crisp, and are served with a garlic aioli that is delicious enough to be bathed in. Seriously, I detested mayonnaise in all forms before eating this stuff, and still do detest mayonnaise unless it is this stuff. It's that good. The CB&J is worth all of the googol of calories it contains; the bread is deliciously buttery, and the fillings (cashew butter, fig jam, and smoked gouda) compliment one another like a tripartite version of the yin/yang. As if it wanted for decadence, the sandwich is served with Stilton Mac and Cheese. The Montreal style brisket melts in your mouth while still retaining its meatiness and is well-seasoned (and is probably best ordered in platter form, as the bread simply cannot stand up to its juicy excellence). All specials I have ordered (fried smelts and rabbit stew are two that leap to mind) have been spectacular. As you can probably tell, this fare is not for the faint-of-heart, or faint-of-calories-in-diet, but if you're willing to splurge, it is well worth it. All in all, I have never had anything less than an excellent time at the Leaf, whether eating, drinking or both. This is a great place to come with groups of friends, or even on dates (provided you go during the week or early enough that it isn't packed yet). It deserves its reputation as the premier gastropub in Chicago. *I will say that other friends of mine have had bad bites here. I have heard that the Duck Reuben is unimpressive, although I can't stand cream cheese and thus have never ordered it. Nevertheless, I reserve my 5 star rating, as I personally have never experienced a bad bite of anything here
