A first time visit for by birthday yielded an A-OK, but not a "Yay! I'm a fan!" mostly because of the food. The dining area is really very nice --it's a combination of low-key lighting with industrial (ceiling) and elegant (tables, lamps). The service was perhaps the best part of the whole experience. Everyone from start to finish (including the valet parking) was great --friendly, responsive but not overbearing. Five-stars on the people part. The food part was a bit disappointing. Maybe my expectations were too high (on the basis of so many people giving a 5-star rating on Yelp!), or maybe I ordered the wrong things. Either way, it was too expensive for there to be "things to avoid" on the menu. Altogether at our table we ordered half dozen oyster sampler, shrimp & vegetable tempura, two lobster family deals (choice of soup, whole lobster, boiled red potato, cold slaw, corn and dessert), and drinks (bar and not). Since it was my birthday, I got a choice of dessert (ordinarily you get the key-lime pie with the family lobster special).  I started with a girly martini (one with the cranberry juice), which was tasty as anything, but not very strong for the $12 it cost. My companions had hot chocolate (son) and coffee (mother-in-law). The oysters were superb! I would have appreciated it if they had told me which oysters were which, so i might have been able to order more of the particularly tasty ones. (Not very smart on their part.) If I ever return to Shaw's it will be for the oysters. With the entree, I had the lobster bisque to start, my mother-in-law had the clam chowder. Mine was amazingly good --I could have eaten a whole bowl, happily. Nice chunks of lobster with a creamy and mildly spicy broth. It was a very good start. She didn't say much about her soup, so I don't think it made a big impression on her. When the plate of lobster arrived, I knew it was not going to be what I was hoping for. The lobster was pre-split, which they made out to be for my benefit, but was not, at all! It was good, don't get me wrong. But I got the distinct feeling it had been frozen, in other words, it was not the freshest catch on the menu. Worse, by far, was what came on the plate with the lobster. The slaw was fine, nothing spectacular. Plain red potatoes...ok, no problem, boring and plain (not even a dash of anything on them), but I had to send the corn back because it seriously looked like week-old leftovers! Bad impression. Very bad impression. Not at these prices. The meal cost me $160 (with tax, tip and valet) and it was basically two adults because my son had an appetizer (the fried shrimp/tempura) and the hot chocolate (which he said he liked, and it warmed him up). (BTW, the shrimp and tempura was good --standard fare, with a decent dipping sauce.) One thing that added to the 5-star service was the little bucket of "Shaw's Kids Club" stuff to keep jr. occupied. My son totally loved everything in the bucket, which he also got to keep. Nice touch. I got the dessert sampler and every thing on the plate was excellent. The key lime is tart and yummy, the chocolate cake is moist and yummy, etc. etc. Save room for dessert and enjoy! If you go, aside from the oysters, bisque and desserts, stick to the dishes the 5-start reviewers had! And, stay away from the "family lobster deal" where two people get lobster, etc. It may be that it has to be "live lobster" or none at Shaw's.
