After enduring the first of three very sultry, very sweltering Lollapalooza days, my California cohorts and I were hungry to sink our teeth into some Chicago fare. As such, a few locals pointed us in the direction of Giordano's, which, according to these palate-challenged townies, is the holy grail of deep dish.  Now be advised, Chicagoans: Before you wrongly surmise that Californians have a penchant for all things bland, please take into account my former status as a Chicagoan. As a wee tike, the Dom enjoyed herself a good slice of pie of the deep dish persuasion from said eatery. Eating this flakey-crusted, cheese-infused slice of heaven was likely to induce a blissful case of "the itis." Sadly, my deep dish days were done after my father was relocated westward for work. And the rest is history. Suffice it to say, I've harbored an intense nostalgia for the better part of a decade. Perhaps this very nostalgia is to blame for the irrepressible dissatisfaction with which I was met after the initial bite. That, and the near hour-long wait that only served to exacerbate this anticipation. The experience was similar to and just as disappointing as reacquainting with that smokin' hot ex-boyfriend from way back in the day just to realize, upon first glance, that your former Joe now resembles a Schmoe. We ordered the spinach-stuffed pizza. Pardon my vulgarity (it happens), but if my taste buds were a penis, they would have been flaccid. Although I mildly enjoyed the crust, it was coated with gummy, tasteless mounds of what was supposed to be a blend of provolone and mozzarella cheese. I would comment on the sauce, but I hardly tasted any and the spinach, most likely due to the excess moisture produced by the cheese mound, was quite swampy, for lack of a better word.  Needless to say, the nostalgia has died and with it, my desire to eat at Giordano's. However, this isn't to say that I've given up on my quest to delve into delicious deep dish delight. The fact that Giordano's is a chain should have been a telling sign. I mean, really--who in his right mind would elect a chain to be the representative of his city's famous fare? That would be like me recommending Wahoo's to a tourist seeking authentic fish tacos in San Diego. Or, even worse, El Torito. Who does that??? Sidebar: An additional point was deducted for the restaurant's attempt to salt me to death with its excessively salty anchovies. Take it easy on the sodium chloride, lambs. And yes, I am familiar with how a good anchovy SHOULD taste so you need not go there, girlfriend..
