I've been to the Violet Hour on three occasions. The first two trips opened my eyes to the potential of a well constructed and mixed cocktail enjoyed with gracious service and striking decor. Michael, our bartender on both occasions, was knowledgeable and eager to please. He mixed us his own, off menu creations and gave me samples of unfamiliar components like Cynar and Chartreuse. Even without the extra free tastes I felt like I was getting my $11 worth from the large, strong drinks.   My most recent visit, however, was deeply shitty. We had no problem getting in after less than 10 minutes in line, and this was the one positive moment of the evening. My party of four were seated at the same table we had been at on our last visit. I noticed that the furniture is starting to show wear and tear-the paint on the table was chipped in several places. A minor quibble, of course, but attention to detail is what makes or breaks an upper tier bar. Our waitress was slow in serving us, and didn't seem to know the menu well. Some of our glasses looked the worse for wear, with scratches on the sides. But the great disappointment was our bartender, who for the first time was not the supernal Michael. The drinks we had were like night and day compared to what we had tasted before. I had to actually explain what an Amber Dream is, and somehow the bar thought it was a good idea to make a Widow's Kiss with tequila instead of bourbon or calvados. It came out tasting stale, like candy that's been on the rack too long, and we had no choice but to send it back. The other drinks were unmemorable, or in the case of the Juliet and Romeo overly sweet and astringent. As a parting salvo, they refused to let us add on two of our friends (I know, the rules list, but we had done just that on the previous visit) and so we left very unsatisfied. Fortunately, beers at Jerry's helped to sooth our spirits.  I used to love the Violet Hour-now I'm not sure. Weak service, deteriorating decor, and a befuddlingly incompetent bartender are not worth the high prices. 5 stars when Michael is mixing your drinks, otherwise don't waste your time.
