Wow were do I even begin.... Lets start from the entrance.... When you walk thru the front doors you are "WOW-ed" by the ambiance of the hallway... Long very modern hall lite up with purple neon. Then you step to a sliding set of doors where you are greeted by the host and hostess who actually greeted us by name...... So far so I'm excited..... We are escorted to our seats only 5 tables on the main floor and an additional 6 on the upper level.... Server seated us and placed napkin on laps... Offered a drink right away.... 2 main servers assisted us the whole night.... One explained the dishes and took care of our every need the other explained the wine menu which was poured during every course..... We had what is called the long menu which ed turned out to be 28 courses in whole.... And we had 13 wine pairings which went with dinner... The Food was awesome a complete experience and the presentations of the dishes "WOW" is all I can say... lol which i took pictures of the dishes.... seriously the presentation out of this freaking world..... The dishes covered Octopus, Lobster, Duck, Sturgeon, Goose, Venison, Pork Belly, and then some small interesting flavors..... Honestly I only remember 2 dishes in whole. 1 was called "Bubble Gum" which came in what looked like a dime bag of well us your imagination and anyways when you placed in your mouth it exploded with a mind blowing flavor.... IT WAS TOTALLY AWESOME.... The 2nd was dessert and well I kid you not the chef comes out at this point and prepares the dessert and seriously the table... A Chocolate experience which again blows your mind not only on presentation but on flavor.... So back to the staff very I found them to be very dry and boring.... Ambiance once seated again very boring nothing special.... This place is all about the food and the wine pairings..... So if you are looking for a serious as my partner would call out food "mind-fuck" then this is the place to go.... Dinner did last 4 hours and you need to book your reservation like 3 months in advance.... OH and don't forget we are talking big big big, yes i used the words 3 times bucks for dinner...... Oops I also have to throw in there don't wear white.... some of the food alittle messy.. But if you do they will very discretely bring you a "shout" wipe to clean up your cloths...... Yes I'm speaking form experience ....
