The presentation was exquisite. Definitely as promised; progressive yet traditional, upscale yet casual. But when it's all said and done, form must always follow function. And Graham Elliot just tries too hard... Here's the breakdown: 1) The carpaccio is a little too much with the saltiness of the meat (just not as naturally flavorful as I would like) but still delicious when complemented by the sweetness of the sauce/reduction. The piece of cheese underneath might be unnecessary but good nonetheless. 2) The bisque, trust me, is worth getting seconds. Fresh bacon, fingerling potato that's an explosion of deliciousness in your mouth, and a marshmallow (yup, that's not a typo) all in a creamy potato bisque? Pure awesomeness.  3) Duck was slightly overcooked but went well with the complementing sides. The texture reminds me of traditional carnitas (not the Chipotle kind, ew). 4) Risotto has a lot of seafood essence to it; mussels, fried calamari, if you like that sort of thing. I prefer a more traditional risotto with more infused flavor and creaminess. But there was one thing, a little fried orange slice or something, it was chewy and tart and slightly sweet, very interesting...  5) The beef entree is somewhat French traditional with a foie gras twist, which is always a nice little surprise. Comes over a baby carrot puree which, by the way, I didn't realize how much I loved baby carrots until I tried this.  6) I'm not usually a fan of lamb but it's not so lamb-y, which is a good thing. It was chewy but the puree underneath is also, as expected, creamy goodness. 7) Carrot cake is a good balance between traditional and progressive flavors. All the traditional flavors you'd expect is there, but it's deconstructed. 8) The chocolate ganache is rich and delicious but a little bitter. Probably a sign a higher quality cocoa? Idk, it was chocolate. All in all, the decor and service is on par with four star's around the city. Where it loses it's touch, though, is when the food just doesn't meet the same high of standards. The overall flavor was just mediocre and for the price and experience, this spot isn't worth a revisit.
