We were in Chicago for the weekend and very much wanted to try a Graham Elliot restaurant. I can say that this restaurant did not disappoint, but a couple negatives keep me from giving the highest marks, particularly compared to other high-end establishments. We decided for once not to give into complete decadence and each went with the 5 course tasting menu instead of the 13-course chef's menu. My wife and I also upgraded one aspect of our respective meals; she requested the winter truffles on her risotto and I asked for the Wagyu beef. Oddly enough, we each thought little of our own "upgrades" but appreciated the other's. Unlike her, I found the winter truffles wonderfully pungent and well worth the cost. As for the Wagyu beef, I've sampled it numerous times at different establishments and think I really just don't have an appreciation for it. Since I normally prefer to tear into a leaner New York Strip Steak as opposed to a Ribeye, maybe this is just a matter of taste, but regardless, I thought that was money not well spent. Now, I'm normally a big eater and have come away hungry from some high end establishments, but I can honestly say that we were well-fed here. However, I did find it odd that they offered no bread or amuse bouche, and I'm disappointed they apparently stopped serving the truffle popcorn. As a final positive note, I did also want to give my compliments to the bartender. The Old-Fashioned cocktail I had at the beginning of the night.was seriously one of the best I've ever tasted. A couple of issues stop me a little short of giving the full five stars. First, when we arrived, the restaurant was only about 50% full. And yet, we were shown to a small table when I saw other couples at larger tables. Later, I saw other couples being led to larger tables as well. As I've said in past reviews, I seriously wonder if my reservation through Open Table somehow keeps dooming us to worse seats than if we just called ourselves. Next time, I plan to do that instead of using Open Table, as I'm getting pretty sick of the second class citizen treatment that seems to follow from using their service. Second, the plating of the food, while initially beautiful and artistic, eventually conveys a vague sense of dissatisfaction. The general idea is to load it all on a side, or corner, and leave as much open plate space as possible. Gorgeous at first, like viewing modern art on a canvas, but eventually makes you start feeling like you're getting very little food. Again, with no bread, amuse bouche, or popcorn, a sense of scarcity is created, which probably influenced the criticisms along these lines by other reviewers. Third and finally, I had the hardest time understanding our servers. I'm from the Bay Area, California, land of many, many accents, and I'm generally pretty good at deciphering all of them, but for some reason I just could not understand some of the things our servers said. Might not be their fault, as I did go swimming earlier that day and maybe had water in my ear. On a related note, while service from our waiter was fine and he was friendly enough, isn't it normally the waiter's job to explain the dishes? At least that's been my experience at other places. So overall, a very good place with some nitpicky issues. Definitely a Chicago gem worth visiting.
