The story of my affair with Glenn's Diner goes as follows. This space used to be a crappy tapas place and when I saw a new "seafood diner" was opening in it's spot I got quite excited as I lived only a block away and needed an alternative to Caro Mio for dinner and LeSabre (RIP) or Golden Nugget for Breakfast/Lunch. I patronized Glenn's within the first week that they were open and fairly regularly after that for breakfast, lunch, weekend brunch, and dinner. I loved that they have no deep fryer and that as the menu states "iceberg will never be allowed through our doors." the servers knew my face and I knew theirs. So many well cooked rotating fish specials on their chalkboard that there was often something new nearly every time I came. The word of mouth I gave this place was amazing, many of my friends also became lovers of Glenn's and we would meet there to hang out and have a great piece of seafood or one of their creative sandwiches (I miss the Russian Rueben), heck, I even brought my Grandma here. Then all of the sudden Glenn's got too big for their britches. Now, I'm not one to begrudge a place their success but it saddened me greatly that a loyal customer who patronized their restaurant since the first week could no longer get a table without waiting 30 minutes or more and then eventually it became impossible without a reservation (which they never used to accept until all the groups from outside of the neighborhood complained about having traveled so far to visit and not able to get a table). I used to be able to walk down the block and grab a quick bite to eat, and for dinner the tables were always full, why change from a first-come-first-served diner to a you ain't getting in without a reservation? My visits to Glenn's tapered off slowly as it became more and more difficult to get a seat and the "fame" of various TV appearances went to their heads. Glenn's was always good for what it was, a funky neighborhood diner that cooked a great piece of fish but sadly I can no longer recommend them as both service and quality as well as basic respect for loyal customers went down the crapper. At this point Glenn's diner is no more than a slightly over-priced and much over-hyped shadow of its former self. You will still get a decent (not great) plate of food that you will pay (slightly) too much for but Glenn's has lost its magic and I am doubtful that I will return. So sad for you Glenn's Diner, I loved you and I supported you from the beginning but you did not return that love. -Goodbye.
