Ok. Be prepared to feel like you died and went to food heaven. Good LAWD! We decided to come here as a group to celebrate mine and 2 other friends' birthdays as well as an engagement. Being the picky eater I am, I always have to look up the menu before I go to see if I'll like anything. Looking at the menu, I thought eh. Nothing jumped out at me and everything was so expensive!  We got there and the setting is very trendy and urban. Definitely not my scene. I'm more of a quiet intimate dinner kind of gal and I'm definitely not a trendy city gal. It was very loud in there and I was practically screaming my conversations.  I think I know why it was so loud. People can't contain how good the food was. By the end of dinner, I was screaming in utter joy. The food is designed to be served family style, which I like because I can pick at a little bit of everything. Personally, I ordered the Crispy Pata and Baked Snow Crab Roll. Both MUST HAVES.  The Crispy Pata was crispy and tender. It came with a garlic foie gravy and another sauce. The other sauce was sour and the perfect compliment to the pork. The Baked Snow Crab roll was just amazing. No other words. I would order 3 of them and be completely satisfied with my meal. I also picked at what my friends ordered. My hands down favorite was the Rock Shrimp Tempura. Definitely ordering that when I go back...and definitely plan on going back! The service was excellent. 2 of our friends knew one of the owners and he definitely believes in taking care of his customers! We ordered a ton of food, then he brings out more dishes for us to try, dessert and shots! I'm a super picky eater. My pickiness rivals that of a finicky 4 year old. I can always pick out something that I don't like. Sunda got me. I tried everything that was brought to the table and loved everything. I've got to learn to stop being so judgemental. I definitely judged Sunda as being an over-rated restaurant and people just went for the cool factor. Definitely not. The food speaks for itself and will have you planning your next return sooner than later.
