I love ZED451.  First of all, anyone familiar with me or my reviews already knows I'm a sucker for a great ambience, and ZED doesn't disappoint. I love the combination of sleek, modern glass/decor against rustic wood in the lounge. Combined with the beautiful glass fireplace, it's like being in a stylish Aspen ski resort, a theme that continues on the all-wood rooftop bar. The dining room is entirely modern, and the long, wide shelf hanging from the ceiling with white pillar candles of assorted sizes is gorgeous.  Drinks are always high quality. ZED has an excellent wine list that pairs nicely with food, including several interesting options outside the cabernet/chardonnay/merlot norm. The lounge features seasonal sangria, something I almost always order, and it's spectacular. My favorite, the summer sangria, is potent, fruity and FINALLY in season again! Cocktails also have a unique, seasonal twist that, again, sets them apart from the standard cocktails offered at many lounges. I mostly go to the lounge, but I've eaten at ZED twice, and the food is pretty good. The first time, I sat in the dining room and ordered the harvest table option, where you select from an assortment of non-meat sides dishes, pasta, soups, etc. A meat/wild game table (which I didn't try) is also available. During my second visit, I had passed appetizers as part of a work function. The food is good; just be prepared to pay for a lot more food than what you might be able to eat if you sit in the dining room. I don't believe ZED offers an a la carte menu in the dining room, so even the harvest table option will set you back a bit, but if you're OK with that, you'll enjoy it. Their lounge menu, which I haven't tried yet, does offer small plates. I hear their new summer lounge menu is out, so I'll update my review after I give it a try. Service is friendly and professional. Everyone, including the hostess, bartenders, servers, chefs (who sometimes stand out by the harvest tables), etc., is always warm and helpful. I haven't had a single bad experience since I began going to ZED last year. And the biggest draw at ZED? Without a doubt, the rooftop bar. The lounge is always far more packed during warm months when the roof is open than in the winter, and it offers a nice view with spectacular people-watching. Get there early if you want to check it out, however, because the line to get upstairs forms quickly, and the rooftop closes around 11 pm. As others have mentioned, the crowd is a mix of classy, late 20s/early 30s professionals. The bar area of the inside lounge is small enough to facilitate conversation, and most patrons are friendly without being overly social.  ZED is a great spot for a group dinner, an evening on the town or a date. You can't go wrong!
