Went to The Publican last night for dinner with my fiance and 5 of our friends. It. Was. Awesome. I haven't decided yet if having 7 people was too many, or if i appreciated it for my first trip to The Publican because we were able to try (literally, we were each able to have about 1 bite of each of the plates) a total of 11 dishes and 3 desserts. We had: 1) Bone Marrow - we got one of the last 2 they had, and THANK GOD! I never thought eating bone marrow would appeal to me, but I will absolutely eat it again, and again, and again. 2) Chef's selection of 12 oysters - 6 from the east coast, 6 from the west coast - all delicious. The sauce that came with the oysters was fantastic as well. 3) Pork Rinds - first time in my life I've eaten pork rinds (they kind of scare me when they are in the bag at the convenience store, eww), but The Publican does these right! We ordered a 2nd order of them because they went so fast at our table! 4) Frites - would have loved to try the sunny side up egg with the frites, but we stuck to the plain ones. I could take or leave these - I feel like there's a lot of other amazing things on the menu that I'd rather have. 5) Brussel Sprouts - delicious, wasn't expecting them to be so good. 6) Sardines w/ Morels & Hazelnuts - I love Morels. Period. Having them with a nice salty fish - even better. 7) Ham Tasting - Nice, fresh, high quality meat. 8) Charcuterie Plate - My favorite part was the sausage. It had GREAT flavor. Everything was awesome though, including the sauces, and especially the head cheese. 9) Blue fin Tuna - Sashimi style. The best, freshest tuna I've ever had in my life... and I've had a lot of tuna. 10) Sweetbreads - need I say more? 11) Duck Heart - Save the best for last. I had the same feeling with this as I did with the bone marrow. All i could think was "Am i really gonna eat bone marrow and duck heart??!!" But when this got to the table, I dug right in, and boy was I glad! It was the most tender piece of meat we had all night. So much flavor, so tender, so delicious. Desserts: 1) Lavender & Anise Creme Brulee - I love me some creme brulee, and i love me some lavender.. put them together and it's just amazing. 2) Chocolate Souffle Cake - very moist and delicious 3) Waffle with blueberries - i was too focused on the creme brulee to really know much about the waffles. I had one bite, it was good but obviously not as memorable as others. We also had great beer, great wine, and great french pressed coffee. I can't wait to go back - I just talked to my mom and told her about the whole meal and I will definitely be taking her and my dad back - hopefully just the 4 of us so we can have more than a bite of each plate! Overall, this was one of the best meals I've had in Chicago. 2 thumbs WAY up! Oh, and also, the service was wonderful - very knowledgeable staff, they know everything about there food, as they should. I appreciate the crap out of a server that knows their shit.
