I was ready to christen it The Bad Crapple if there were something lame about it, but no such luck. This is really a 3.5 review, and I am betting for a 4-star update in the near future. Read on! Let's hear about what I saw: The bar area is decorated with NIN-inspired animal skeletons in industrial equipment. There are also flat-screen TVs showing football and glossy wooden high-boy tables with attached benches. The clientele was similarly mixed: there were at least two of the under-three set, a table of girls'-night-outters, a handful of dressed-up daters and the table next to us was a family with a dad who had many questions about the menu. Many. Oh, and we also saw one of the aforementioned daters take a world-class stumble in the middle of the bar, then almost get nailed by a bottle tossed into the recycling by a bartender. If you, like me, are entertained by this sort of thing, 1) shame on us and 2) I can't guarantee that it would happen while you're there.  Let's hear about what I ate: I was torn between my two favorite sandwiches: housemade veggie burger and portobello mushroom. The burger (Strange Famous) won this round in part because of the goat cheese and baby spinach on top, but also partly because of my mood and its ability to dictate my life. The burger itself has a lot of mushroom, garbanzos, corn and seitan, and there was a hot kick in there too from something not listed. I removed some of the very generous goat cheese and had the red onion and sage marmalade on the side. Still, we're talking about a ton of good things in a humble little burger. I also had a bite of the Rosemary's Chicken sandwich, which was, as Matthew McConaughey would say, "Alright, alright, alright." The fries were nothing special, but there's a list of add-ons to choose from for $.75 more.   Let's hear about what I'll drink next time: The drink menu is huge on beer, but there's also a section on beer cocktails. Perhaps you are inquisitively cocking your head to the side like a dog, but these pairings sound really great. The first one that caught my eye is a pear cider with Tanqueray (Apple Pie), but there's a wide range of inventive combos.  A word on what I heard: Lots of beat- and base-heavy music, including the Beastie Boys. It was almost too sexy to have on while watching football and eating fries. The service was good, the prices were about right and overall, there is a lot of promise.
