Hip decor/ambiance (5), very good food (4.5) and great service (4.5). I live across the street from Zed 451 so I've been watching the construction take place for over a year -- waiting for it to open and hoping it would be good. Thankfully, it didn't disappoint. After a quick tour of the place, I realized why it took so long to build. They completely gutted the old restaurant (another Brazilian steakhouse - Sal & Carvao - that went out of business) and created an incredibly warm, hip, and zen-like atmosphere. Just inside the door to the right is a zen rock garden - very chill. The lower level bar is enormous and has some funky tables and chairs. The main dining room on the first floor is nicely organized so the tables aren't on top of each other. The "harvest bar" buffet area takes up more than half of the main floor dining room. There are also several private rooms on the first floor and another one on the second floor. The place is huge! Probably the highlight of the whole place, though, is the rooftop patio bar, which isn't that big but has lots of great seating. The place is always packed (there are lines around the block just to go to the patio) and it has a very L.A./Miami "see and be seen" vibe to it. OK, on to the food... I admit that I was very skeptical about the no menu/Brazilian steakhouse theme to the place (I've only eaten at Fogo once and I got sick I was so full), and this IS very similar, but Zed has a bit of a different feel to it. The "harvest bar" offers a selection of 25+ different salads, cheeses, breads, etc. - each with their own dipping sauce. I tried about 10 different things and they were all really good (favorites were the chilled ravioli, the peaches, and the apple coleslaw). I tried not to fill up, as I knew that the onslaught of meat would soon be coming. And once you put your "river stone" beside your plate (same idea as the red light/green light system of all the Brazilian steakhouses, only a little classier), the parade of meat just keeps on coming. Best cuts were the garlic steak, the lamb chops, and a special duck confit that was out of this world. I went with my family and they insisted on ordering dessert (oh, the humanity), and they were all really tasty. I'm a chocolate fan, but my favorite was the cherry cobbler, followed by the skillet cookie. The service was very attentive and had a lot of personality -- not stuffy at all. Our main waiter was extremely friendly and had a lot of passion for his job. He didn't do the best job of explaining the whole process of how the meal worked, but we easily figured it out. The one thing they never explained that I still don't understand is the "seafood" upgrade they list on the menu (lobster, clams, etc - no explanation of what this was, nor was this ever offered to us). The chefs who brought the meats were incredibly knowledgeable and did such a great job explaining their dishes that you just had to try what they were serving.Our reservation was early, so as the night went on the service dropped off a bit (I had to wait 10 minutes for the glass of wine I ordered with dessert). Overall, I'd give this place about a 4.5, but I really hope they do well so I'm going to round up and give them a 5. While this isn't the type of place you'd want to go on a regular basis, it's a great splurge every once in a while.
