My wife and I really enjoyed the food at Alinea although we thought the service was a little robotic and the overall experience was a little bit flat. By way of reference my favorite high end restaurant is probably Jean Georges. Same for my wife. The building is nondescript and I dont think there is any signage other than the valet parking sign. Its just this black building. Even when I passed by the next day I only saw the address numerals on the building - no signage. The doorman came to the cab to get us. The hallway is wavy and bathed in a red light. We went down the hall and were greeted in a friendly manner. I looked to my side and through a clear door saw the kitchen. I think I saw Grant A. doing something. We decided to go with wine pairing and we also opted for the one special of the night - a risotto with brown butter and white truffles (extra $75 each). We declined the Riserva wine option - this would have been $250 each. Instead it was $160 which they tell you is approximately 3/4 of the price of the meal. The meal is $195 pp. Our wine Sommelier was great - this guy was a big poofy hairdo. He had a great personality and was very knowledgeable. I really enjoyed the 4th dish of Golden Trout Roe - a delicious dish. I love the texture of the roe and the flavor with coconut, licorice and pineapple was fantastic. She loved the 5th dish of yuba, shrimp, miso and togarashi - it's like a long, crunchy snack that tastes like shrimp and is coated in seeds with great flavor. The vessel it comes in has a dipping sauce hidden in a little chamber. Very tasty. I didnt care for the 6th dish of Chao Tom - sugar cane, shrmp, mint - you chew it for a bit and it reminded me of like what Id imagine it would be like to chew bamboo or some 'reedy' plant. It was OK. 7th - halibut, blk pepper, vanilla, lemon: fantastic, flavorful, light, delicious combination of flavors. 8th - a shot of apple, horseradish and celery - it's in a glass with this big, exploding sphere. Open wide, swallow and shut quickly - the sphere is large and then it pops. Nice palate cleanser I guess. 9th - Rabbit - parfait, rillette, consomme - you get this white piece of serviceware and it has three parts. The first part at the top is the parfait and then they remove that and inside is the rabbit rillette and then they remove that and its the soup. All delicious and I love rabbit and I love that you get to experience it with different textures and temperatures all in one experience. 10th - white truffle with parmesean, brown butter and truffle - so simple but so amazing. Perfectly cooked and made so much better with funky, delicious truffles. It was a few spoonfuls - worth $75? In a way, yes, but I wish it was just 2 or 3 spoonfuls more. Although I left Alinea full so I guess it is planned this way on purpose. 11th - Pheasant, green grape, shallot, burning leaf - the meat is on the end of a branch with leaves that smelled like they were likely burned. This very pleasant perfume accompanies this tender, flavorful bite of the meat. 12th - short rib, olive, red wine, blackberry - at the start of the meal, the staff drapes this orange thing that looks like a fruit rollup over two black things that look like chopsticks. They tell you this is for later. It's pasta - a ravioli sheet. They give you a board with the above ingredients and some others like black garlic and salt. You put it all into your ravioli. So delicious. 13th - hot potato cold potato, black truffle, butter - you get a little wax bowl with a pin in it that holds cold potato elements. You pull the pin from the bottom and it falls into the hot elements - quickly eat and savor the flavors. 14th - pigeonneau - apparently its a very old classic dish executed exactly. So just imagine a perfect flaky litttle tart crust with meat and cream and vegetable inside - small and wonderful. Light, not heavy - but rich tasting. 15th - black truffle explosion - you bite this package on the spoon and this wonderful flavor of truffle explodes in your mouth. the desserts of bacon, carmel popcorn, earl grey and chocolate were fantastic but I didnt care for the whole bubblegum "suck out of the tube" exeprience. Total damage with wine and tip and tax was around $1100. Despite the muted overall experience, the food, the sommelier and being with my wife made it worth it. Id most likely go back next time Im in town. However, I might skip the wine pairing as it was a bit too much for us. Not so much me, although I was pretty buzzed, but my wife had a head-ache next day
