The short: Great casual place for a burger, but not worth the wait if crowded. First disclaimer: I would jog by this place all the time when the weather was warmer and be cruelly tempted by the greasy goodness inside, as well as told time and again by a friend who lives nearby that they go all the time and that I should try it, so I have to say that I had a little bit of expectations before I came here. Second disclaimer: I went during Zoo Lights. It made perfect sense to me, so why did I not anticipate that it would make perfect sense to a multitude of others? Yet somehow I did not... The experience: Waited about an hour for a table on a Tuesday night (was told 45-50 min). My date and my thoroughly cranky self were escorted to our seats, where fortunately we were thin enough to squeeze through the narrow passage and fit into our tiny booth for two. Fortunately, the experienced picked up from here. Fast, friendly wait staff who took our orders quickly and delivered our appetizer of nachos while I was still perusing all of the framed photos of women on the walls and debating with my girlfriend what exactly defines a "dive restaurant". Nachos were typical, meaning great: chili, cheese, guac, sour cream, and salsa, enough to alleviate some of my starvation, but not so much as to overwhelm. Our burgers arrived shortly afterwards, my green chili burger and her veggie burger. Mine was awesomely thick, replete with giant slice of green pepper and grated cheddar cheese, while my girlfriend set to work on the biggest veggie burger I have ever seen. The homemade chips were a nice change of pace-- I myself enjoy both chips and fries, but only consider myself a sucker for the Five Guys' variety, but this was a nice hybrid that was truly original. I was able to conquer my burger, but my poor date only could finish about half her meatless monstrosity. I forgot to try a bite of hers, but I really have no credence when it comes to veat patties. At this point, Grunts was on a roll, but then I had to use the restroom. Weaving back through the tiny maze of the restaurant not only again required nimbleness, but so did sliding into the single stall of the men's room. The evening ended with a modest bill (we only had water to drink), but a loss of my girlfriend's gloves which she forgot at the restaurant, and unfortunately disappeared by the time we returned not ten minutes after we left. So the most important things were there-- good food and good service. And the casual atmosphere reminded me of simple eateries at my past residences (South Bend and Pittsburgh). However I would never put up with that crowd again, both in terms of the wait and in how claustrophobic the place is. Maybe if it wasn't for Zoo Lights, I wouldn't have had to wait an hour for a table or be up to my arms in small children (disappointment was as strong as the relief I felt when one little dude narrowly escaped death by revolving door). Only because I had been told to go for so long and happened to be right there already did I accept the ridiculous wait yesterday. In a city like South Bend that has few alternatives and fewer people who actually eat anything but American food, I would have expected this crowd, but in Chicago? Stupid Zoo Lights...
