Not AT ALL all it's cracked up to be, we're never going back there again! After waiting outside for 30 minutes, another 10 minutes before our order was taken, being yelled at very rudely by the host, we finally ordered 2 dishes. The waitress told us the dishes don't come with anything and we'd have to order rice or veggies separately, we told her that's ok we don't want to order anything. Over an hour of waiting later one of the dishes came along with 2 bowls of rice. We thought maybe she was wrong and the rice does come with the meal, but the second dish wasn't coming so we asked what was going on and the waitress said we only ordered one thing because apparently she saw me nodding and thought that meant I don't want to order food?? We called the manager over and he was siding with her story, not willing to compensate us in any way for waiting over an hour and not getting any food. Not to mention the fact that our one dish was sitting there getting cold since we were waiting for the other to eat. He wasn't willing to compensate us in any way, he offered to make my dish but said it would take a half hour which was ridiculous and I'd still have to pay for it! He wouldn't budge on the price of the meal since he said we received what we received and ate it, so we don't deserve a discount or free dessert or anything!!! But wait - lo and behold when the check came there was a $2 charge for 2 rice bowls which we didn't order! We assumed it was her mistake since she said they don't come with the meal and we said then we don't want rice, but when they brought we figured she was wrong and it does - so we ate it.. But at no point did she tell us we'd be charged for it especially after making it a point that we don't want anything extra! The manager/host was also rude blaming me for canceling my order - why would I do that?? For a restaurant that claims to be of such high caliber they need to get their service straight! Just because you're a top restaurant doesn't mean you can be rude to your guests! I know mistakes happen and dishes get forgotten or confused, but when that happens the restaurant needs to compensate the guests for a bad service. If they would have done something to compensate I'd consider trying it again, but considering they act as if all their clients are taken for granted and yell and disrespect people, I'm never going back again! Apparently they don't care if they have customer retention since they got so big and famous and think that whatever they do they'll get customers waiting outside, but I doubt they can last a long time treating people like crap! Not to mention that the food that we did get wasn't anything special, we've had much better food, quicker, and better service at the other chinatown restaurants and are never wasting our time on this wannabe high class restaurant again!
