Been to Frontera, was a fan and tried some of Rick Bayless' store bought stuff (really like his verde enchilada sauce, hard to find good green sauce in the store). So of course had to try XOCO as well. First time (yes, been here twice in 2 weeks, that tells you something), we brought a couple friends visiting from Ohio. To put it shortly (as if the star-rating didn't give it away) WE ALL LOVED IT. Interesting set up, you come in, wait in line to order, but if you're eating-in, you have to way to receive a table number before you can order. That delays it sometimes if there aren't table free - but I do like this better than the alternative it could have been (standing with warm, delicious food, hovering over people in what would become a crowded area, cursing under your breath for people to leave). Both times we went, we were greeted by Max, he was like an all-around host/waiter/manager, telling you how things work, asking if you want a drink while you wait, answering questions, giving you your table, etc. He is very nice and gets 5 stars himself. As for the wait, we went on a Saturday around 7 p.m. and waiting 20-25 minutes, another day on a Tuesday same time, about a 10-15 min wait. Now the food: WOW! Foodgasms all around the first time. We loved the guac, they only do regular guac, but it was just so fresh and delicious - I wanted to bathe in it. Chips are fresh, and it comes with a bit of their verde/tomatillo and red sauce. I love gauc in general, so among 4 of us, we got 2 orders. I think it was just right. One of my friends wasn't a fan of guac (she has this thing about certain foods not being certain colors, i.e. no food should be blue so she doesn't like blueberries, ha). She tried the guac though and had to admit she really liked it, and continued to have more. Main meal - I got the pepito, hubby had woodland mushroom torta (with jack cheese instead of goat since he doesn't like goat cheese) - he loved it, other friend got the Shortrib Red Chile Soup (meal in the bowl/caldo). I was skeptical at first, is soup a meal? But this was very large, and hearty. And my friend could not stop talking about how much she loved the broth - she would have also probably bathed in it (lots of that going on at this restaurant, apparently). My pepito was awesome, such great flavors, great meat, and that jack cheese is so good! Dessert: We go the churros with chocolate dipping sauce. Very good, the dipping sauce was a bit too dark choc. taste for me, but still loved the churro. They have other desserts that sound so good, can't wait to try them. This was totally a 5 star experience. The 2nd time, it wasn't quite 5 stars, but not enough for me to change my rating. The guac was a 9.5/10 (instead of 15/10 the first time), but the chips were even better than the first time. I got the Cubana (torta from griddle), it's bigger than the regular torta. It was good, but I liked the pepito better. Still a great experience, and would go back again in a heartbeat.
