This place is simply AMAZING!! I took a group of very important clients here for lunch last week and the food was nothing short of fantastic. Simple Mexican done right. Everyone enjoyed and left feeling extra full and that we just enjoyed one of the best meals of our lives Since it was restaurant week, a few of us ordered off that menu, including myself. To start, I ordered a round of chips and guac for everyone, of course.  They use sundried tomatoes instead of fresh in their guac, a true delight with a little tang. Then, those who didn't order from the restaurant week menu shared a variety of apps from the appetizer sampler, while those of us that did savored the most delicious chicken tortilla soup you'll ever eat. A flavorful tomato broth filled with gooey cheese and chicken at the bottom, and topped with lots of thin tortilla strips. Just AMAZING. One of the most indulgent and tasty dishes I have ever had. Then, on to lunch. For me, I split steak and pork tacos with someone else. I always love to get a taste of as many dishes as possible! The meat was cooked to perfection. The steak was full of flavor and the pork was cooked with bacon, pineapple and onions - a wonderful mix of sweet and savory. I finished my entire plate - beans and all! For dessert, we all shared the chocolate pecan pie bars that came from the restaurant week menu. When I say they were incredibly delish, I mean it! The chocolate at the bottom of the plate added a yummy compliment to the rest of the pecan pie, and it was all topped with fresh whipped cream. In addition to the food, the atmosphere at Frontera is truly a delight as well. Colorful with Mexican artwork posted all over the walls.  A surprising mix of almost club-like music playing on the speakers. The service was generally good, although our waiter was a bit slow. Otherwise, a complete solid experience that I continue to savor a week later. This was definitely a memorable meal - one I will carry with me forever, and continue to work off at the gym!!
