I went here with my mother for brunch while in Chicago for a girl's weekend. I was really excited about trying it as I have heard so many great things about it. I was a little disappointed.  We made 10am reservations right when brunch started as we were hoping to leave town right after. The night before we has confirmed our reservations and that brunch was served at 10. We arrived at exactly 10:00 only to be told that due to some "issues" in the kitchen, brunch would be delayed and we could come back in 30 minutes if we'd like. We were determined to eat here so we asked if they would give us some coffee and let us wait in the bar. The hostess was very sweet and apologetic about the delay, so the wait wasn't as annoying as it could have been. We sipped coffee and waited to be seated. Half an hour later we were seated and greeted by our server. We were told that pastries, cheese, meat, and some suckling pig were available at a buffet we could help ourselves to and the other items (7 tapas) would be served from the kitchen. We wondered to the buffet only to discover that nothing was set up on it yet but some dessert items. Not meat, cheese, or pig. Why did they seat us if the food wasn't ready? We were perfectly comfortable waiting, sipping coffee. And also why did out server not inform us the buffet wasn't set up yet? Eventually it did all come out and the pig was to die for. The other items were okay too but half of them were lacking serving utensils. Anyway, back to the tapas. 1. Spanish omelet - this came out first but was cold. Not a good start to the meal 2. fried peppers - Amazing and made up for the cold omelet. They were perfectly seasoned. 3. Bacon wrapped dates - the most amazing thing I have ever eaten 4. Shrimp and grits with short rib - AWEFUL!!!!! The grits were lumpy, the shrimp bland, and word of all the short rib on my plate was a wad of slimy fat. I wanted to spit the meat out so badly but i didn't want to embarrass my mom. Worst of all I couldn't get the awful taste out of my mouth. My mom's short rib meat was much better. 5. Chorizo - Amazing. 6. Egg with veggies - Yummy. especially the little onions 7. Blueberry pancakes - my mom's favorite. Yummy, fluffy, and not overly sweet. Overall the food was great. Some items were disappointing but most were great. I could eat the suckling pig and dates every day. If I ever saw the shrimp and grits again though I would run away screaming. One other little pet peeve was that our water glasses were empty rather often. I would like to try this place again, but definitely not for brunch.
