This is probably closer to a 4.5 star review. I'm sitting here having the risotto carbonara leftovers for breakfast right now and just turned to my wife and told her, "I really enjoyed our dinner last night." I couldn't discuss it last night on the way home because I was in food coma bliss. We had about a half hour wait, but we were able to cozy up to the bar and have a quartino of wine and a stella. No complaints there. We started off with the Crispy pork belly and apple mostarda. Great way to start the meal, crisp yet fatty and tender. Not sure if you even needed to add the mostarda. At this point I realized I was in for some good eating and started looking forward to our other four plates...yeah, I know, we ordered too much, but it's winter, we were drinking and I was hungry.. Next came the marscapone polenta with pork shoulder ragu. Not bad. I enjoyed the ragu, but felt the polenta was a tad bland. Probably wouldn't order it again, but not unhappy that we tried it. Linguine with crab and sea urchin. Let me start by saying, I'm not a big uni fan at sushi restaurants. That's the only time I've had sea urchin, so I was skeptical. It was freaking awesome. Linguine was cooked al dente, the crab was plentiful and cooked just right. The crab wasn't overcooked and actually tasted like crab, which is often not the case in pasta dishes. The sea urchin was intermixed with the pasta and added some really nice flavor. My favorite dish of the night, probably of the month. At this point, I'm stuffed and regretting ordering so much, but the waiters paced out the dishes so we had time to digest and relax as they came out one by one. Next up was the risotto. It looked awesome as it came out with that lovely egg yolk sitting in the middle. It was good, not great. That being said, I'm having it again right now and digging it. I think it's better the next day. Last up was the octopus. Two large tentacles seared nicely over a potato salad. The octopus was good. Tasty. The potato salad was interesting. It had potato, almonds, something I couldn't place, daikon? apple? and then some pieces of salami maybe. I liked it. All in all, a great experience. The service was great from the hosts to the servers. Definitely coming back to try some pizza and for the linguine.
