A return to Chicago is not complete for me without a stop at Chicago Diner for their philly cheeze "STEAK" sandwich. The thinnest layers of sliced seitan cozied up with sauteed onions & peppers and melted cheese all atop a multi-grain baguette. This is my favorite sandwich of all time and seriously holds a piece of my heart. It had been over a year since my last philly cheeze steak experience, but I revisited Chicago Diner last weekend and was so not disappointed. OH. MY. GOODNESS. I always try and save a half for leftovers but can never do it. I washed it all down with a pitcher of their classic margarita and could not say no to a slice of vegan lemon raspberry cake which our awesome server brought out with a bonus scoop of vegan vanilla ice cream for my two friends and I to enjoy. Both of whom I might add said they were just not down with vegan cake and would likely not be sharing any with me. Ha. We all ate up every last bite of it and agreed it was truly some serious yummyness. If you haven't tried one of their vegan cakes, please do yourself a favor and try one! They're dense but delicious, the cookies & cream cake being my particular favorite. And the best part, they can be enjoyed practically guilt free. The atmosphere is warm, friendly and inviting. Situated in a small house in the heart of boys town, I prefer the booths, but the back patio's awfully nice as well, especially in the spring. The servers are usually super friendly and eager to make recommendations. The music is equally cool and only adds to a great background to hang with your buds and enjoy amazingly freshly prepared veggie eats. Afterwards, I suggest moving across the street to the Town Hall Pub for more drinks. My friends bartend there and are some of the nicest girls around. Request some homemade watermelon vodka in your soda and munch on some veggie jerky and you will not be disappointed. I wish we had a Chicago Diner in the bay area but I guess that would make it less special and one less reason for me to visit Chicago. So for now, I'm happy to keep it a special Chicago treat.
