Really people...? 4 Stars? 5?!?!?!?! Noooooo, this place is just alright. I have no complaints with the service or ambiance, but the food just didn't do it for me. I was out there this weekend with a party of five. Two off the boat Italians, and 3 who were born here (myself included in the three). Admittedly, I'm more critical than most reviewers, particularly of Italian restaurants. But hey, you're not reading this for a yes-man. You're on yelp to find out what the place is really like before plunking down your hard-earned cash. Despite what the website says about reservations only for six or more, they accommodated us. We were informed of the oft-noted "2 hour limit", which I don't really have a problem with. They're running a business, we were there on a Saturday night, and being a BYOB, (no corkage fee) they lack the significant margin alcohol typically carries at a restaurant. They have to make it up on turnover. Get over it people. So onto the food: For me, first impressions at Italian restaurants come down to be bread on the table. Good bread excites me. And this place has bread that was average. Not a good start, and very surprising since they have the more traditional olive oil/chopped garlic/red pepper plate instead of the more American olive oil/Parmesan. In general, the dishes were large portions that only the heartiest eater could finish. On the downside, they were heavy on the salt and VERY heavy on the oil. Not at all how Italians cook. We use simple, flavorful ingredients that don't need much doctoring. Here's the part where you can stop if you want. From here on out, I'm just going into more detail about our particular dishes. Appetizers were grilled eggplant and polenta. The eggplant was terrible - very seedy, and therefore, bitter. The chef compensated by using a lot of salt, but it just made it inedible. The polenta was OK - lacking some flavor, but the sauce was very flavorful and made up for it. Going around the table: Gnocchi in marina - The gnocchi were surprisingly light, but had no flavor whatsoever. Sauce was good, but again, salty. Chicken in some kind of reduction with mushroom-stuffed ravioli (one of the evening's specials) - the chicken was pretty typical, but the ravioli were tasty. Both the pasta and the stuffing. Unfortunately, the person who ordered this spent half his meal scraping off the sauce. WAY too much. Seriously, it was like soup. Veal arrabiata - Veal was tender, but not cut-it-with-a-fork-tender like the good stuff should be. For the price though, it represented a decent value. The gravy had just the right amount of spice, (present but not overpowering) but again, way too much on the plate. Veal in some kind of a wine sauce with potatoes - Same issues with the veal, sauce, salt, etc. A little bland, even with all the salt. Linguine frutta di mare - tons of calamari. Good calamari at that. Actually, all of the seafood was good. This was my plate, and I found it to be oversalted to the lowest degree of the plates we ordered. The pasta was of good quality and cooked al dente. The biggest problem I had was the amount of oil in this plate. EASILY 1/3 of a cup, maybe a half a cup remained after I had finished. I was actually eating the linguine the old-school Italian way - twirling it in a spoon - out of necessity to wring as much oil out of it as I could. Slightly disappointed, we skipped dessert and took our business elsewhere.
