Korean fried chicken (KFC) is a favorite topic of mine. But KFC was the last thing on my mind when I started planning this trip until I started reading about Crisp on various food blogs and Web sites. So on our second day in Chicago, having tackled White Castle and Greek food the night before, I skipped out on the city's pizza, hot dogs, and Italian beef sandwiches and headed to Lakeview for some KFC. The essence of Korean fried chicken lies in its sauces and Crisp has three different offerings (Crisp BBQ, Seoul Sassy, and Bud's Buffalo). We ordered two whole chickens and went for the Crisp BBQ and the Seoul Sassy. The Crisp BBQ is a Korean sauce that's got a mild heat, which was nice because other spicy KFC sauces I've had have totally blown out my taste buds. If you're like us and like trying different flavors of KFC, then you'll appreciate that even more. The heat does linger on your tongue, and I love that. As much as we liked the Crisp BBQ sauce, the Seoul Sassy was our favorite. The ginger, garlic, and soy-based sauce was excellent, one of my favorite KFC sauces ever. This basket of chicken disappeared faster than that Crisp BBQ. Sauces aside, the most important thing about this fried chicken is that it lives up to its name. The chicken skin is crispy, despite being drowned in sauce, and it's juicy too. I'm pretty confident that most fried chicken fans could order the sauceless Plain Jane chicken and be very happy. We got a chance to talk to Jae Lee, one of Crisp's owners, and he was really cool. I told him that we don't have Korean Fried Chicken like this in the SF Bay Area and that this rivaled the KFC we had in New York. Jae told us that he went to New York as part of his research and sampled pretty much everything they had to offer. Because of our conversation, our next New York trip is going to feature a trip to Unidentified Flying Chickens in Jackson Heights. But if you're in Chicago, definitely check out Crisp if you're looking for some excellent Korean fried chicken. As their slogan says, "The bird is the word."
