I DO NOT get this place at all??? Our waiter at the restaurant we were dining at recommend a spot to go to afterwards. We did not want a club nor a pub but were looking for something loungey and just chilled out where we could mingle and hear some cool tunes. He highly recommended Violet Hour and prefaced with "Have you guys ever been to NYC". We replied with, "We live there" and he replied with "I know a great spot I think you guys will really like". We were psyched! Unfortunately he sent us to the wrong place.... The outside IS cool....I like the post no bills hidden doorway....fun! But then I did not get what was supposed to happen next. We were 3 ladies standing around waiting for a bouncer/host to help us out. Some guy pushed his way in front of us and was trying to figure out if there was room for his party......room? what do u mean room? its a lounge it can fit you??? (this is what was running through my mind). So I stepped in and said that our party was 3. We were told we had to wait because there was "nothing" available....nothing?? nothing what????? Again, the 3 of us looked at one another in total bewilderment. While this waiting was going on we watched the people coming in and out....some people had on ripped jeans with flip flops while some men were in suits and women in dresses....then there was one dude in jean shorts, decks, and a flannel shirt??? OK???? We began listening to the music....I wanted to go back to bed.....yup it was time for lullaby central.....some slow crap which included "lets get it on"....ok how about we get nothing on and you give me a damn drink (is what i was thinking at this point). We were loosing our buzzes by this time...... I put my hand in between the curtains and took a peek inside....ok so it looked kinda a cool....i like the blueish violet hue and the simple decor....cool times....but what I didnt like was the following: The place is big YET you HAVE to be seated. you CAN NOT stand at the bar.....if the chairs are filled...oh well sorry just wait your turn! When it finally was our "turn" to go inside we were brought not to a table but to a flat square couch where we had to sit uncomfortably...we had no idea how to sit on this thing and we all had dresses on....I sort of awkwardly leaned on my side with hand pressed down on the couch...it sucked big time. It took our waitress a little bit to come over but when she did she was happy and smiley (something I do like about Chicago and its people...they are niceeeee). We ordered 3 glasses of champagne...one was a specialty with some other alcohol in it. When she was finished with our ordered she happily said with a huge smile: "It will take about 10 mins for your drinks to come out"... Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh OK???????????????? 3 glasses of champagne???? Mind you this place is not crowded!!! there are 2 bars each staffed with 2 bartenders!!!! This is unheard of in NYC and we crank cocktails out like no otha ALL WHILE DOING SERVICE BAR! Maybe NYC has taken over me and I expect NYC service which does not happen in the rest of the country but I'm sorry 3 glasses of champagne takes 10 mins. So we waited about 5 mins chit chatting and surveying our surroundings....and this is what we discovered: You need to be in a large group to enjoy this place No one cares how you are dressed You will wait a long time for a drink (maybe thats why its called Violet HOUR) The music BLOWSSSSSSSSSSS (I would expect from a place like this some jazz or downtempo or buddha bar...NOT MARVIN GAYE!!!!) You will be bored Anyway to finalize this we opted not to wait 10 mins for our drinks and to leave.....I rarely if ever just LEAVE! And I felt sort of bad for the waitress but at this point we were bored out of our mindssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss So we tracked her down and my friend asked if we could cancel our order and the best part was she replied "Oh, I think they are ready let me check"...hahahah LIEEEEEEEEE. She had not gone back there since she had taken our order. When she came back she said no they weren't and it was not a problem to cancel it....thank you! Sorry if this review sounds snobbish or stuck up but I really did NOT like this place except for the decor. At least get some better music....oh and btw: what age does this place cater to???? 45, 25, or 35? Pick one demographic and stick to it!
