WARNING SPOILERS: If you want to be surprised by your meal at Alinea, do not read this review. 25 courses over 4 hours. The food was a strange and delightful trip. Very interesting to have a 140 yr old classic dish like the Pigeonneau a la St Clair served in the middle of a post-modern deconstructionist / molecular gastronomy dinner. It showed they could do "normal" cooking at an extraordinary level as well. Let me describe some of the dishes: Oxalis - tiny little sorrel flowers that taste like baby snow pea shoots in a juniper gin gelatin. Served on a shiny bent "guitar pick" eaten as a bite that is both crunchy (the flowers) and soft (the jelly). A dish called Lilac because of the lilac foam around the dish. The center of the dish is what "seafood chowder" would taste like if they served it in Heaven. Clams and Scallops in cream but with fresh celery, herb sprigs, and a surprisingly sweet addition of tiny melon balls. Tomato with olive oil "snow" and olive-fig "chocolate" sauce. Served with fresh figs with a large tomato plant brought to the table to proved an "aroma" addition to the course. Butterscotch Bacon and Japanese Cedar Smoked Date Parfait. Foie Gras with Fennel and Shiso (Japanese Mint) on a fork - just warm enough the Foie Gras melts like butter in your mouth with savory delight and a slight crunch from the Fennel. As you finish the Foie Gras, you drink the fresh Japanese Peach juice in the bottom of the glass for an explosion of lightly sweet fruit that clings to the fats on your tongue from the Foie Gras. Crab Parfait. This one was hard to wrap my brain around. The flavors were of ginger, spices, and carrots - like a delicious carrot cake. The texture was like a fluffy and airy parfait. Then at the bottom was *POW* king crab in gelatinized duck fat. The contrast of the flavors and textures was basically overstimulating all my taste buds. Two types of Rhubarb on Goat's Milk Cheesecake: A freeze-dried crunchy rhubarb sorbet and a transparent rhubarb "glass". These are served on top of pillows filled with lavender scented air. The weight of the plates slowly diffuses lavender from the pillow into your table area as you eat the delicious cheesecake and rhubarb dessert. All the food was absolutely amazing and definitely 5 stars. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is that I also got the wine paring (which raises the price to $500/pp from $300/pp after tax and tip) and I felt the wine pairing was not worth the extra $200. I guess I am pickier with my wines and prefer mostly earthy reds -- the wine pairing was mostly whites, champaign, and a strong aquavit (and fire-water is not ideally the first thing they should serve on an empty stomach for a 25 course meal). I would highly recommend the tour with just one or two glasses of wine or beverage ala carte and you will save about $160-170 over the full pairing.
