Having lived just up the street from one of these Brazilian steak houses while still in Rhode Island, I have to admit I was surprised and disappointed when I got to Chicago and discovered that most (all?) of these types of establishments here are so shockingly expensive. We waited more than a year to go to Brazzaz even though my brother lives just upstairs simply because of the price. Granted, if you compare it to all the other, more traditional steak houses in the neighborhood, they are basically spot on as far as local market pricing, but then again, I think all those steak houses are totally over-priced as well. I don't care how exclusive you make your place seem to be, you're still serving me grilled beef and red wine. This is neither complicated, nor unusual, nor particularly expensive compared to other kinds of fine dining. I simply don't get why a "good steak" commands a $50 price tag, especially when so few of these places even use (or at least admit to using, let alone advertise using) free range, hormone free, cruelty free meats (which I understand are more expensive, and those I'd be willing to pay more, for). Frankly, I'll go to the butcher, get a cut for myself, cook it at home just as well (or better, in some cases) and save a big chunk of change. But now I'm off on a substantial tangent. Brazzaz. Buffet is fantastic. The tilapia salad, paired with their "vinaigrette" dressing formed a marvelously light, bright, intensely flavorful ceviche, which was delightful way to start a meal. They have an excellent selection of firm and hard cheeses, a few cured meats, as well as beautifully prepared green vegetables (long beans, broccoli and the like) and the usual suspects of chicken salad, pasta salad, cesaer salad et al. They also have a risotto, ravioli, tortellini, and a lasagna for those who want something hot aside from the carved meats. Obviously, the meat is fantastic. The place wouldn't have full tables at these prices if it wasn't. The sausage was just a sausage (I mean, how great can a sausage really be?), I did not try either the chicken legs or bacon wrapped chicken, but I had at least a bite of everything else, and was not disappointed once. The filet mignon was literally fork tender. The various seasoned choices, such as the house special "Brazilian beef" are not over-salted and still taste like meat, instead of simply like a sauce or a rub or herbs, or blue cheese or some other craziness. My wife is a vegetarian, and we mentioned this up front when we were seated. They simply removed her "yes/no" button and we received a nicely discounted price for her meal. The buffet is certainly diverse enough that you don't have to worry about abandoning any vegetarians you bring along to a night of ultra-expensive lettuce. The gouchos serving the meats are all enthusiastic without being weird, and are highly attentive to your "yes/no" button, which is nice. You don't feel intruded upon, and you don't feel neglected. They have this odd, post modern sculpture thing they give you for wine service so that you aren't struggling to avoid dripping wine on the nice table linens. But our server dripped on the initial pour, and with four of us sharing a single bottle, it was total over kill. We each had about two glasses at the most. Really unnecessary. But fun to look at and use, I guess. We split two desserts between five people -- the flan and the tiramisu cake. The flan was truly excellent. Very dense, very smooth, and the caramelized syrup was intensely sweet. My brothers seemed quite pleased by the tiramisu. I was disappointed they didn't enforce -any- kind of a dress code at all. At $50 a plate, I don't want to be next to some unshaven schmuck wearing cargo shorts, flip flops and a US Army tee shirt. I don't want to deal with spoiled, petulant children running into me on their Heelies while reading their iPhone on their way to the buffet. And the -awful- music selection was far too loud and utterly did not fit the high end dining experience they seem to want to create. I would say that if you don't care about ambiance or your dining neighbors, and you'd rather spend your $50 plate dinner money on a diverse, elaborate experience instead of on a single piece of excellent beef, than Brazzaz is a no brainer. But, as much as I loved this food, if I am going to drop this kind of money on a meal, I would much rather go somewhere quieter, with a dress code, and a menu which could easily be just as diverse without all the gimmicky service.
