I haven't stayed at this property in a while so it was time for a checkup.  Located at the north end of Michigan Avenue this property is all about location, location, location. In the shadow of the Hancock center, a stones throw from Watertower Place and abundant, restaurants, nightlife and shopping. The last time I stayed here the management was totally inept and I ripped off a seething letter. I was happy to be informed that the individual, who made my previous stay hell, has been relieved of his duties. Other than a long line at check in this property this property has improved by leaps and bounds. Long line at check in as staff was changing shifts. There is a dedicated Starwood Gold/Platinum line. The G/P line was unoccupied as I waited in line and opened, alone with another check in, when I was second in line. The lobby and common areas are very clean, bright, well lit and maintained. In the lobby they have a refreshment center right next to check in line. The room I was assigned comprised of a nice sized bedroom and corner parlor to make up a pretty large suite. The suite was large enough to accommodate several people. Overall First Impression, renovated and on par with the DC and Philly Westin's I've recently visited. This Westin's Heavenly bed wasn't as firm as I like, but all the accoutrements of the Heavenly Bed was there. The room is decorated in a casual modern decor and in good condition. Dcor is appropriate for Downtown urban hotel. The closet was a bit on the tiny side, for a room it's size the closet seemed out of proportion. The 27" TV is a disappoint, but I understand that they will be upgraded to 40" sets soon. There is ample lighting in the room and the room has large windows so there is a ton of natural light. The workspace desk shares the ice chest and other items and could be a problem for some. There were extra electric outlets in the room for those with lots of devices. The room has a nice view since it is a corner room. You can see up and down Michigan Avenue. No iPod docking station and a dated radio. Starwood has to up it's game in this area. Very long narrow bathroom, but no separate shower. I found that odd for a bathroom of this size. While in the bathroom I could vaguely hear people in the hallway. The bathroom has dual sinks with lots of counter space and great lighting. A heavenly bath but no separate shower. The parlor connected from the bedroom. Walking out of the bedroom into the parlor there was a nice sized bathroom. With amenities that matched the bedroom bathroom.  There was a large desk with lots of outlets and a great view looking south on Michigan Avenue. The room is a nice size and has a sofa, two club chairs and few ottomans. The is a Murphy bed and a huge closet. In addition, the parlor has a Bose radio.  The housekeeping staff was adequate. I had the DND sign on the door and was never interrupted. They replaced all items and toiletries on each night of my stay. Received turndown service every evening. This Westin features a nice sized Fitness Center with up to date cardio machines & ellipticals, a smaller room with free weights off to the side. There is no pool or club lounge at this property. Free Internet in the lobby, $13 a night in rooms. Signal was strong throughout the suite and suffered no interruptions. Did not use valet, as there is no car for a car in Chicago. The hotel is convenient to public transportation, cabs are plenty and always ready right out the front door. FINAL IMPRESSION Overall hotel cleanliness: On par with other Westin properties and cleaner than the W's Staff attitude, conduct & support: Staff has greatly improved, over my last stay. The staff has had a complete overhaul for the better. Everyone was prompt and attentive. Location: Great location. Can walk to your office (if on business), restaurants, attractions, parks, and shopping. Would I return? Yes. Would I recommend this as family friendly? No. Good for business travelers? Yes. Good for a romantic get away? Yes, nice rooms and spa services. Would I recommend for someone looking for Dining/Nightlife? Yes Would I recommend restaurant? NA Value for price paid? Good Overall property rating on a scale from 1 to 5 = 4.5 since there is no pool or lounge.
