What a delicious night! Those negative brunch reviews had me a bit concerned, but I needn't have worried. We went on Friday at 7:30, and it quickly filled up. We had a table in the main room, but the front, brick room looked beautiful too. I loved the ambiance. We chose to do the three courses, which came with two intermezzos. For the first course, I did the shrimp and he did the seaweed. Mine was a puff pastry filled with crayfish, topped with a butter-poached shrimp. There were also elements of apricot and curry. It was delicious. His was a soup with tuna, sirloin, seaweed, sprouts, and a wasabi mayo with a vibrant green wakame broth poured over everything tableside. Very tasty. At some point, we had bread, and it was just amazing -- crusty, chewy, and warm -- served with a white-bean butter. So good. The first intermezzo was a kabocha squash soup with creme fraiche and an herb that the Internet doesn't appear to recognize called hearts on fire. It was sweet and yummy. Our second course was the venison for him and the barramundi for me. His was served with a root mash and huckleberries, and he described it as the ultimate comfort food. The barramundi was a chowder, basically: there were pieces of crispy skinned fish over apples and cubed veggies and potato alongside a basil vinaigrette and some baby octopus. At the table, the waiter poured a bacon broth over everything. It was salty and comforting and just outstanding. We were getting full but were excited to press on to the second intermezzo, which was the chef's take on a cheese course -- it was a playful grilled cheese with white cheddar sandwiched between two cheese crisps and served with a mustard and some Scrumpy's cider. It was rich, gooey, and went perfectly with the cider. The only thing was the size. It was too big -- we could have done with about half the size, knowing we still had dessert coming. My dessert was a banana cake with chocolate, banana, peanuts, and a quenelle of ice cream with black pepper...I'm not even sure what was in which part, but it was tasty and not overly rich considering the components. His was an apple tart with smoked almonds and a whisky-caramel sauce, along with some ice cream and black pepper, too. I think he won that course. It was crunchy, warm, and so soothing. Our waiter was very helpful in guiding us through the menu, and both he and our neighboring table's waiter really knew their stuff. We'd definitely come back, and maybe sometimes just for drinks -- I only had one of their creations, and it was awesome, with vodka, hibiscus, and violet. I am also intrigued by the "party" room, which has a porthole into the kitchen.
