I'm a little weird about pizza. Generally, I'm not too crazy about it but once in a while, it can be so damn good. The pies at Piece fall into the latter category. I came here last night for a birthday party. I was starving and this translated to order a large red pizza with a spinach, mushroom, garlic, and pepperoni topping AND a small chicken caesar salad. The pizza was a beautiful thin crust with a lovely distribution of toppings - potent garlic (gotta have it!) and salty, crispy in some parts pepperoni and mushrooms and spinach. My absolute favorite pizza toppings of the moment. I scarfed down multiple slices and tried a slice of a white pie with spinach, ricotta and fresh tomatoes. This is also a great pizza - the garlic on the white pizza = flavor party in my mouth! After I was almost too full to eat any more, the caesar came out. Strange. I still ate it and it was pretty good - not too much dressing, anchovies (little heaven fishies), chopped chicken breast. Too many croutons though. I think I just don't like them. I can't fork them without them breaking apart! The service was pretty slow but this place was packed on a Wednesday night and there were about 20 of us. I don't like dining in parties larger than 4, so I can imagine what a server nightmare we were. She was so patient and nice though! I brought cupcakes for the birthday girl and she offered to put them in the cooler, or to put them out on a display tray and bring them out with candles. I thought it was really nice to offer. However, I got pretty thirsty as the evening progressed and waited over 15 minutes for an iced tea refill. So all in all, a great place to get pizza - the crust is sooo good! My only complaints are how loud it gets in here (you'll have the shouting at friends in loud bar sore throat when you leave) and that your clothes get saturated with food smell after you've been here for a while. We sat here for over 3 hours and all clothing (including my jacket) were removed and put in the washer when we got home. For the beer drinkers: Piece brews beers! My dining companions really seemed to be enjoying their pitchers and the servers will recommend you beers based on what you like.
