I'm such a loser. I was supposed to book a suite here 6 months ago for the election and I freaking forgot. Not to fear, using my HH Diamond status, I pulled four, yes FOUR, rooms on my HH points from this totally sold out hotel a mere 4 days ago so we could go to the Barack rally in Grant Park and not have to deal with the Thunderdomish traffic getting out of the loop afterwards...I love you Hilton Honors Program! The rooms are a bit smaller than at other Hilton locations, but very nicely appointed and comfortable, they appear to have undergone renovation recently. Internet is $14.95 per 24 hours, which I find to be rather exorbitant, but it is very fast. This Hilton still has a single smoking floor, thank god, so smokers, book away!  The Executive Lounge on the 24th floor has a great view of Grant Park and is a comfortable place to spend some time. The attendants are very friendly and they keep it stocked with soda (Coke!), coffee, tea, bottled water, cookies & snacks all day. More substantial snacks are available during the Honors Reception from 5-7 each evening, but this is one of those Hiltons that actually charges for cocktails during the reception, so boo on that. If you are a Hilton Diamond, skip the lobby and check in on the 24th floor, no lines and the concierges up there are very fast and friendly. Several restaurants on the property, including the infamous Kitty O'Sheas, Chicago's unofficial dem rallying point during election cycles and my personal favorite place to watch election returns. Food at all the restaurants is above average for hotel fare, if a bit pricey. I really like the prime rib sandwich at Kitty O'Sheas - quite nicely done for a hotel bar, tender and you generally get the meat cooked the way you request it. Excellent staff overall, they did an absolutely amazing job dealing with the capacity crowds on hand for Obama and maintained a friendly and helpful demeanor in the face of crazed and drunken Dems celebrating the end of our political exile. Although the Drake is still my favorite Hilton property in the city, this is a close second and a great option if you are looking for a nice hotel in the loop.
