This experience was less than we had hoped for. To be fair, our visit was on a Friday night around 7:30pm and we walked in without a reservation. The hostess was very polite when she explained that we could not be seated at a table but did explain that we could be seated at the bar or the large communal table in the bar area. We were pointed in the direction of the bar and left to fend for ourselves. We were okay with this entered the bar area filled with excitement for a wonderful meal. When we first arrived there was a group at the communal table and our party of three were able to find three seats at the bar. We grabbed a seat and waited! The bartender was engaged in a conversation with another member of the service staff at the time and then moved on to other customers (with drinks) at the bar. When he did come to take our drink orders I would not call the interaction friendly, he did not really greet us or welcome us to the establishment. This is something I consider standard even if you are visiting a 'dive' neighborhood tavern the barkeep will say hello and welcome you, this is hospitality 101 folks, it went from bad to worse when our orders were non-alcoholic in nature. I am normally one to have an adult beverage or two but this particular evening happened to fall on the eve of the Hot Chocolate 15K and I did not want to compound a poor pre-race meal choice with alcohol! Back to the story, our entire party ordered diet cokes and said that we would like to eat at the bar and would like menus. He did quickly bring us menus and vanished again. After sitting for approximately half an hour discussing the menus our drinks had yet to arrive. At this point we were ready to leave and began discussing other nearby options. At this exact point the group at the communal table were seated in the dining room and we decided to give Graham Elliot another shot. When we sat down at the table the experience did improve dramatically. The waitress was quick with the menus and shared her knowledge of the menu with us freely. The bartender even brought over our diet coke's that were ordered 40 minutes earlier. The atmosphere was generally pleasing but I would have to say the music was a little on the loud side. This opinion was reinforced by all members of our party, one who had visited before and been seated in the dining room said that she found the music on the loud side then. We all agreed that it would have been nice to be able to converse a little more easily while enjoying such exquisite food. The food was excellent. Even if it is common knowledge, it must be said, the truffle oil popcorn is an excellent way to start things. From there I went with the deconstructed Caesar and it did not disappoint. Each bite was perfection. After the Caesar it was on to the wagyu beef, also excellent. My two star review has little to do with the food and everything to do with the level of service and atmosphere. In fact the food saved the second star. It is unacceptable to treat (well) paying customers in such a flippant manor. My dining dollars are better spent at other establishments.
