Patience is a virtue - and you better have a lot of it when going to Frontera Grill without a reservation. But, I promise you, it is SOOOO worth the wait. You might want to consider packing a baloney sandwich to munch on while waiting in line or perhaps you should bring your yoga mat and do some sun salutations in order to impress resident yogi and Chef Rick Bayless.  Frontera is simply one of my favorite restaurants on the planet. You just have to PLAN accordingly and tell yourself to CHILL OUT - going to Frontera is a 4-5 hour ordeal. Example: 4 of us went there last Saturday. We arrived at 4:15 pm - only 2 parties ahead of us waiting in line! YESSSS! You get in line - blab with the other drooling Rick Bayless fan club members and, of course, act all self-important when passersby ask you "what is everyone standing in line for?" And you say "Frontera" while looking them up and down as if they were the biggest dumbasses on the planet. I must admit - this was the EARLIEST we have ever been seated. 3rd in line - doors open at 5 pm - we got a table at the bar, ordered our drinks and before the drinks came our table was ready in the dining room! I was in SHOCK! Seated by 5:10 pm?!?!? UNHEARD OF! Speaking of drinks, I like margaritas - I don't love them. And I always burp them up for days......but not Frontera's margaritas. They are the best I have ever had -must be the great quality tequila. Fabooooo! We proceed to order food that is so fresh, so flavorful, it is otherworldly - TO DIE FOR. My partner, who likes to pretend she is a healthy eater had as an appetizer:  Trio, Trio, Trio: a sampling of Ceviche Fronterizo, Ceviche Yucateco and Ceviche Playero. Ceviche Fronterizo is lime-marinated Hawaiian blue marlin with tomatoes, olives, cilantro, jcama and green chile; served on crispy tostaditas. Ceviche Yucateco: steamed organic shrimp and calamari tossed with lime, orange, habanero, avocado, jcama and cilantro. Maine "dry pack" scallops, Alaskan king crab, Honey Manila mango, Mexican papaya, pineapple and jicama with Oaxacan pasilla, grapefruit, lime and garlic. Plantain tostada.  SO FRESH!!! With so many tantalizing flavors. YUM! We also ordered as appetizers: Queso Fundido Clasico: Samuel's artisanal Jack cheese with garlicky roasted peppers, homemade chorizo sausage and oregano, and Taquitos de Pollo: crispy taquitos filled with chicken and poblanos, with homemade sour cream, salsa verde, aejo cheese and guacamole. We also ordered (yes, we are piggies - so STFUP) the "special" immediately upon sitting down. BELIEVE me when I say that the minute your waiter comes to your table and says "We have a special tonight but we only have a few left......" don't even let him/her finish - just say "YES! We want one." The special appetizer that night was 2 chili rellenos - one pork, one cheese. OMG Sublime........... For dinner we ordered: Poc Chuc de Puerco: lime-marinted Maple Creek pork shoulder with traditional Yucatecan garnishes (tomatoes, avocado, grill-roasted onions, Napa cabbage), spicy habanero salsa and black beans "colados." Salmon con Verduras a la Nata: wood-grilled Alaskan king salmon with roasted chayote, guero chle and caramelized onion in thick, slow-cooked "nata" (thick cream) White rice. Carne Asada "Brava": serrano-marinated grass fed rib steak (from Bill Kurtis's Tall Grass) with salsa de molcajete (hand-crushed roasted tomatoes, serranos and garlic), spicy seared chiles toreados and sweet corn tamales (topped with homemade sour cream and fresh cheese. We also ordered a special Mahi Mahi entree - SO tasty and melted in your mouth! Now, I am going to be honest - I was very sad because for the first time ever I did not like my entree which was the aforementioned pork shoulder. It was NOT their fault - I just chose something that was soaked in lime marinade - WAYYYYY too tart for me. I like a hint of lime - I don't want it to overwhelm the pork. So, THANK GOD we ordered so many appetizers - I left very full - and my friends picked at the pork. For dessert, I had the oh-so-rich Chocolate Pecan pie with whipped cream. WOW!  We also had various coffees including my FAVORITE coffee on the planet - the Mexican press pot coffee concocted for Frontera by Intelligentsia coffee.  OMG - for this alone, I would crawl thru the desert................ Rick - we love you! xxoo
