My wife and I had the great misfortune of attending a friend's birthday party on the lower floor of this place on 1/16/10. This is the kind of place that, by the time you have walked out of there, you are literally thinking to yourself: "This is exactly the kind of thing that's wrong with the world." I don't even know where to start. Picture a horse farm, where pretty horses have lots of room to run and play, and people brush them and feed them. This is the same thing, but for total douches. Douches don't need room to run, they enjoy tightly packed areas where they can sweat on each other, but make no mistakes, they THRIVE here. I will admit this is not my kind of place, and I would never have gone here if not for the birthday party. The bartenders there.....I don't even know what to say. I am going to get this out of the way, I am 100% straight, married, I don't consider myself a feminist at all, I appreciate a good tit just like the next dude. So, I get it, lady bartenders - you get better tips from the army of frat-chodes that feed at your trough, the implants are probably worth every penny. More power to you. Guys, if you want to go to a place that you can see 95% of the bartenders' titties, go to this joint. Stare at the boobies. They want you to do it. You are getting sleepy. You will tip more generously. Look into their boobies... My wife on the other hand, got passed over at least 6 times because these chicks don't seem to think it's necessary to serve girls. It only took until I went up to join my wife to see what was taking so long were we able to order something. Suddenly the hot little bartenders with the exposed fake jugs got ugly real fast in my eyes. I HATE shitty service. Anyway if you are a guy who enjoys places like this, here are some tips: 1. Make sure you bring your 15 buddies with you, but you probably will anyway. 2. You should probably be 6'1" or over. Sorry shorties, you're gonna get alpha spray all over you. 3. Make sure you do a shit-ton of sets of bis and tris and maybe some shoulder sets before you go out, you don't wanna be outgunned. Wicker Park is now Lincoln Park.
