The only reason this place gets 3 stars from me is because I did not have very high expectations walking in.  Food can be hit or miss. We started off with the bruschetta. Arguably the best bruschetta I've had in Chicago. For our "hit" entrees we went with the specials for the night which were Stuffed Gnocchi and the Lobster Ravioli. I am drooling as I am writing this which reflects how good I thought these dishes were. Absolutely phenomenol.  But then there were the "miss" dishes that were EH at most. One of them being the Frittura Di Mare and the other being a Beef Shank dish. The Frittura was a seafood pasta dish. I am not an expert with this dish or Italian Cuisine, but the dish just did not work. The tomato pasta sauce did not work well with the seafood. The beef shank dish could have been good, but the problem was the bone for the shank became the highlight of the dish rather than the meat. I'm talking a bone that took up half the plate. It became somewhat comical towards the completion of that dish as almost everyone at the table requested to have more beef but was surprised to learn that was a bone sitting on the plate. Dessert was fierce. We had the tiramisu and some lemon ice cream. Probably the best Tiramisu I've tasted.   The biggest disappointment was the service, or lack there of. Our server was very nice and spiced up the evening for me and my family as he spoke in a very thick Italian accent making the dinner more authentic. However, regardless of him being nice, we never saw him more than twice during the length of our dinner. We waited 15 minutes between when the last dish was cleared off our table until we were approached with dessert menus. Then another 15 minutes between when the dessert was finished to a follow up.  A lot of the service issues can be a result of us dining in with such a big group. Places usually calculate gratuity for groups of 6 or more, which most of the time, can result in the server to avoid giving the extra attention to your table as compared to the attention they would give to a table where his service would affect the amount of gratuity he will receive. A LOT of places in Chicago fall in this category and it is quite unfortunate.  Overall, mediocre Italian Cuisine (for Chicago) with a serious need for their service to be addressed.
