On somewhat of a whim, I joined a friend from DC who is on a year-long road trip for a meal here the other night. I'll basically never turn down an invite to a meal whether it's a hot dog at Jimmy's or a place like this. I always feel kind of bad writing critical reviews because I hate to be "that guy", and I realize how hard it is to craft an experience, but I also can't help to be anything but honest. Obviously, you go in here having some rather bold and substantial expectations. Chef Elliot is quite the guy---having been on several cooking match shows (or whatever you call them---I don't watch much tv) and being quite the Chicago chef-restaurateur. I had been to Grahamwich which I absolutely loved and would likely be broke from if I lived nearer to it, but never Graham Elliot or GEB. Anyways, I arrived and quickly appreciated the location and adaptation of this place. I always appreciate restaurants that are in buildings that have been adaptively re-used...it makes them unique. The rustic, loft-like feel of an old 1920's-era Chicago industrial building turned modern yuppie dining spot is so apropos. Plus, I also enjoy the relaxed, casual anti-stuffy nature. It's clear they don't take themselves serious and this isn't a place where you come with a suit and too-tight tie. On a Weds night, there was no wait, and there was absolutely no one at the bar except for my friend. We were seated immediately and provided with still or sparkling water. After a few minutes, we were handed menus and they were explained. We were told that both diners at the table were to order in lockstep i.e. both a-la carte, both 9 course, or both 14 course. This makes total sense and is much appreciated. We both ordered the repertoire menu. I had no changes/dietary restrictions, but my friend did, so he provided that information to the waiter and they took our menus and walked away. We both ordered drinks as well. There seemed to be a bit of confusion, because they checked back again to see what we wanted. No big deal. Soft drinks took a bit of time though. On to the food... The diversity of the courses was extensive. I would say this is contemporary American cuisine for sure, with some subtle French influences. I am disappointed to say, however, that out of fourteen courses, I only really remember 3, and of those three, two I would say were outstanding. The sous vide egg was absolutely perfect. I'd never eaten an egg cooked like that before, only meats, and you can rest assured I'll be seeking out more places that prepare eggs that way. The kobe beef was savory, the sauce was creamy and not too gluttonous, and absolutely tasty. The last dish I remembered was the first one served---the foie gras. It was of an odd consistency, softer than most foie I've eaten. It also did not distinctly taste like foie. I am not sure I would have known it was foie if they wouldn't have told me. There were some bacon crumbles on top that were excellent, however. The explanations of the courses were informative but succinct and the plating was artistic but not over the top. Do not expect surprise plating or anything too crazy here. There is almost no influence of molecular gastronomy here, which works well with the bistronomic theme. I did like that they notified us when we were halfway through our meal, sort of letting us "take a break" with an intermezzo of a light citrusy foam dish, to cleanse the palate. I'm not sure I've ever had that before. Chef Elliot himself was in the house that night, but not cooking/running dishes out. He was strictly greeting and saying hi to folks, us included. He was a super nice guy and willing to chat for a second and he did take pictures with many people in the restaurant. Overall a good experience. I suspect the menu to change and hopefully improve a bit, as the restaurant is in a state of flux and in between chefs. I would have judged this a bit differently if I would have spent a little less money, but at the price point they're getting, the stakes are high and they could up their game just a bit on the food end. The service was great and the atmosphere is cozy but unpretentious, rustic, urban, and enjoyable. I left willing to go back, however only with some changes in the menu. I feel like out of a 14 course tasting menu that I should have been wowed at least half a dozen times with individual dishes, not two. I am a firm believer in the philosophy that anyone can be wowed with essentially any dish so long as it's prepared properly. I suspect the new chef of Graham Elliot will give some of his own influence and the restaurant will be on a new course, no pun intended. I look forward to hopefully returning sometime in the future!!
