This is a great place to go watch and listen to some Jazz.This place is not for everybody. If the following pertains to you just skip this venue, like you would the wedding of your best-friend who is marrying the love of your life. 1.You can't shut hell up after a couple of drinks. 2.You like the sound of your own voice and can't go five minutes before you have to hear it. 3.You think that you should be able to talk as loud as you want while someone is performing a live Jazz set. 4. You don't know the difference between a lounge, dance club, and or bar. 5. The people you are attending with such as but not limited to friends, husbands, mothers, mistresses, children, grandparents, the bag lady you found in the ally, your first date off http://match.com,the girl or guy from work you bought here because you heard they like jazz and you think this would increase your chances, or Ed Bagley Jr, have any of the problems mentioned above don't come here. The fact is it's not a club or a bar it's a lounge. I understand that if I want to pound shots and give my bros high fives that I probably shouldn't go to this establishment where live jazz sets are being played in a very intimate setting. You wouldn't want me talking in a movie, the opera, or a play and they are much larger. The venue and the cover. Ok enough about the jackasses who go to this place and think that they shouldn't have to follow rules. I arrived to the Green wanting to hear and watch some Jazz being played. Watching a musician at there craft is just as good as hearing the music to me. I wanted something unpretentious where the clientel wasn't there to look cultured or say to themselves I listen to Jazz. This was accomplished from minute one. The doorman was rude, a down right jackass, but I do not mind this because through the years I have found this to be the norm rather then the exception. Especially since I am a guy. Went in and got seated promptly.The crowd was very diverse age and cultural wise. I saw an 86 year old, a guy that was barley 21, a guy in a suit and a guy that looked like he had just crawled out of bottle.This place is small, you are almost on stage even if you in the back of the room. Thats probably why they want you to shut the hell up when a set is being played. The smallness didn't bother me it created a coziness and ambiance that I really liked. The waitress quickly took drink orders and while the vesper wasn't the best I had ever had, at least the bartender knew how to make it. The drinks were priced decently and the service was great. The band finished playing so I went to bar and had a couple of more drinks. Even with the band finished this place had a warm vibe. It's a real old school lounge not one of todays modern lounges where they throw in some tables and a couple of couches and call it that, but a real old school lounge. In the end this is a good place to come for good service, good drink prices, and good jazz. If you can keep your mouth shut during a live set.
