I have been to the Hilton Chicago on several occasions, and all times were for work. The first time was in 2009 for my association's Interim BOT meeting. The second time was for a site-visit for my association's Annual Conference, and the third time was for the actual conference. On a personal level as a guest: 2009 - I had to stay a night for work and I found the room, as well as the hotel, to be dark, out-dated, and almost haunted. I was so freaked out in my room, which was a basic king room, that I stayed up and watched The Hangover and ordered a pizza through room service. I ended up sleeping with the light on (yes, I am scared of the dark and this hotel room didn't help) 2011 - Stayed here the last night of my conference and got a pretty sweet room. It was a King Jr. Suite and it had a view of museum campus and the lake. Too bad I was working and couldn't really enjoy it for long. I still found the room to be small, but less dark and out-dated than 2009. Either way, this would NOT be my first pick if I was visiting Chicago. The hotel has a lot of history, and certainly has one of the most beautiful ballrooms I have seen as well as amazing suites - both the Conrad and the Imperial Suites are breath-taking, but an average person would not be paying to stay there. If anything, I say visit the hotel on a tour, but dont' pay the money to stay there unless 1) you get a great deal or 2) can afford one of the suites. While the hotel isn't centrally located to many Chicago attractions it is close to museum campus, the infamous Buddy Guy Legends, and is a short cab ride to the Magnificent Mile. On a professional level as a meeting planner: 1) The exhibit space isn't ideal for exhibitors especially if you are on the Lower Level because of all the columns. The meeting rooms, with the exception of the 2nd and 3rd floor, are small and cramped and make you feel like you're in elementary school again. 2) The prices are ridiculous - I have never been to a property that charges so much for a gallon of coffee! We definitely had to have a serious conversation with them in regards to pricing for items such as coffee, internet, and electrical. As a planner, consider yourself warned, and be prepared to discuss bringing prices down and compromising in certain areas. 3) The staff - everyone from the front desk, facilities, banquets, the blue coats, to covention services and even the chef and GM are beyond amazing! I have worked meetings at a lot of properties and the Hilton Chicago staff are definitely up there. They were extremely accommodating, professional, and a true pleasure to work with.  If I am still with the association in 2014, I look forward to going back just to be able to work with their staff.
