Okay, so before you judge me based on the 2-star rating, let me explain myself and break it down a little: Food: an enthusiastic 5/5 stars Ambiance: a solid 4/5 stars Service: a miserable 0/5 stars. And miserable enough to weight this category higher than Food and Ambiance. It's pretty bad when the poor service overshadows the stellar qualities of such a fabulous restaurant, but that is exactly what happened. My love and I stopped here for lunch on the day after Thanksgiving, and after a short wait we were seated on the enclosed patio. Our server, who we'll call "E," did not like the fact that we asked questions about the menu items, and seemed to be in quite a hurry to rush off and do more important things, such as stand around the busy front door with his hands behind his back. It's relevant to note that we were seated at the tail end of the lunch rush, and by the time we got our first plate the patio crowd had thinned out considerably. Busy restaurant/busy waiter is NOT the reason for the poor quality of our service. We shared a 1/2 bottle of wine, and ordered the pigs ears, marrow smear, prosciutto, and salt roasted beets. AMAZING. All of it. We pretty much devoured every last crumb. Each course, save one, arrived in perfect timing, and the runners who brought the food were pleasant and efficient. Lucky for "E" that we enjoyed it all, because not once did he stop to ask how everything was. "E" was not around enough to answer any questions about he menu. In fact, the waitress who was serving the table right next to ours took such good care of her tables that we eavesdropped to hear her explanations and recommendations, and stopped her twice to ask questions. She even filled our water glasses one time without being asked. We filled our own water glasses one time. Our waiter filled our water glasses zero times. After our first three dishes had been long ago eaten and the plates had been cleared, we sat for a while waiting for our pigs ears, mouths watering in anticipation. As we waited and waited and waited some more, "E" finally wanted to know what we were still waiting for (but really, shouldn't it be HIS job to know what we were still waiting for?). He clearly forgot to put in our pig's ear order, so we had to wait another 8 minutes for it to arrive. No apology, no acknowledgement that our last dish was served 30 minutes after we finished the first dishes. As we were leaving, and standing on the opposite side of the glass of the patio/dining room door, "E" did not open or hold the door for us, but instead waited for us to open the door FOR HIM. Service: fail. Usually, I'm a very generous tipper. In fact, you don't have to do very much at all to get at least 18% from me. But you do have to show a baseline level of courtesy that you would even expect from someone random on the street. Despite the succulent marrow smear, roasted beets with heavenly dallops of whipped goat cheese, melt-in-your-mouth prosciutto, and crispy, salty, lip-smacking pigs ears, our experience at the Purple Pig left a bitter taste in our mouths.
