This review is also for Brunch only: I agree with a lot of what reviewer Nadia S. stated - so I will try not to be to repetitive. First off - make sure to make a reservation because the place does get packed. The decor off the restaurant is very well done - lots of wood on the floors and ceilings. Giant fire pit in the middle. It is "Japanese Garden-esque" but very modern at the same time. Cool contrast. We all started with a $5 bloody mary that is well worth the price. Spicy, smokey, and deep rich tomato flavor will get your brunch kicked off nicely. You start off with the Harvest Table (buffet) of some really great things - lovely salads (Brussel Sprout Caesar Salad), cheeses, meats (chorizo!), fruits (Apricots are awesome) and the must get Duck Confit Homestyle Potatoes. Holy moly you could eat a ton of that but don't because you are just getting started with the meal. Next - the table gets a serving of Corned Beef Hash with a poached egg on top, Maple Cajun Bacon, Tomato Basil Fritata and a giant Cinnamon Roll. The fritata was bland and tasteless - the only thing not worth eating in the meal. On the other end the hash was awesome with the runny egg yolk. OMG! And THEN the "chefs" start bringing the skewered and specialty items to your table. Best things for me out of that lot were the Maple Bourbon Glazed Ham, Flank steak, and Crab Cake Eggs Benedict. But other people in the group really enjoyed the French toast, Citrus dusted Atlantic Salmon and the Roasted Turkey Breast. The Buffalo chicken and waffles was just a little weird for the group - but it was still tasty. Everyone in the group had a different favorite. There is enough variety in the main course selections to cover a wide range of palettes. And there are a few more meats I haven't listed. And it's all you can eat. And let me tell you by the time you are done trying everything the first time around you don't have room to do a round two. And to finish it off they have some very good chocolate chip cookies back up at the Harvest Table. Ugh... tummy starting to hurt again just thinking about it.... ;) Service was excellent as well. The main waiter constantly checked in on us to see if there was anything we missed or wanted to try again. And when we mentioned to her we really loved the apricots she ran back into the kitchen and wrote down the recipe for us to take home. So if you are looking for a great buffet for a pretty reasonable price, this is your restaurant. I will be back next time in the windy city.
