To experience a cash-free society, someone would have two choices. They could: a) travel deep into a remote jungle or up a remote mountain where the barter system is still in place or b) stay much closer to home and just go to the nearest Lettuce Entertain You restaurant. I mean, seriously, has anyone ever used cash at one of these establishments? I'm starting to believe they pay their waitstaff in gift cards. Like so many before me, I had two of the little $25 green beauties burning a hole in my wallet. Looking for a classy(er than fast food) restaurant, I dug them out. When Mary T. told me she had never been to this LEYE restaurant by her place and upon finding out that it was the first location in the mighty (nearly) cashless empire, I had to try it. Walking in, it's easy to tell that it was the template for many restaurants that followed it. But not LEYE restaurants. More like Chili's, Applebee's, and, especially, T.G.I. Friday's. It was as if before opening a kitschy restaurant full of old timey signs and flair, every chain restauranteur paid this place a visit and prayed at its shrine. But when considering another first - the first salad bar in Chicagoland - all cheesiness can be dismissed. This is the real deal and huge. As a carbitarian, my actual intake of the green stuff (though it must be said that they use high quality lettuce, not the cheap iceburg variety found at so many other places) was minimal. But they offer enough side salads (including a crave-worthy potato salad), soups, and deserts to consider this a meal unto itself. And at around $10 (er, a 10 dollar deduction from a gift card) for unlimited portions, it's almost a steal. In fact, I go so far as to wonder if they should even bother with the rest of the menu. Well, they can keep the drink menu (which, while small, has a cider which is a bonus), I guess. But while my veggie burger was excellent and there seemed to be a lot of entrees I want to try, everything else seems superfulous and a waste of money (er little plastic gift card) in comparison with the salad bar. Now I have to say the bringing of new plates for the salad bar is slow, but that's just a small concern. They eventually do show up. Would I go back? Without a doubt. I might even *gasp* use real money there! The salad bar is just that good.
