I wanted to go to Geja's for Chicago Restaurant week. I had done Melting Pot for the same occasion last year and enjoyed it, so I thought I would stick with my made up tradition and go to Geja's this year. In passing, I mentioned it to my gentleman friend two days before Valentine's, and lo and behold he got a reservation for Valentine's Day weekend. I'm sure you can see how this was difficult given that this, according to some, is one of the most romantic restaurants in the city. He was very persistent and the manager took pity on the poor guy that wanted to impress his girl. For this alone, I would give the restaurant 5 stars but since this site is all about being honest, I have to say my piece. Negatives- -Cramped tables: Unless you get a booth, you will probably run out of room on your table. With the wine and water glasses, small plates, oil pot and cheese pot, there is just not enough real estate to be comfortable. -Heating mechanism: Melting pot does this so much better and safer. Their pots actually sit inside special tables and aren't heated by an actual flame. I'm a fan of this because you don't run the risk of catching on fire and there is more even heating of cheese/oil/chocolate. Also, at Geja's, the pots sit so highly up on the camp fire stoves that I felt like I was peering over and into the pot....not safe with the oil. -Fondue forks: Didn't really spear and hold on to the food as well as I would have liked. We would loose a lot of things in the oil and have to go fishing for them. Again...hot oil and poking around with a blunt fork=not safe Positives- -Great atmosphere: Dimly lit, candle light, and Spanish guitarist will definitely help set the mood. -Good Service: Server was knowledgeable, but then again, they have a limited menu (Fondue, Fondue, and Fondue) so it's not like the server had to be THAT well versed. -Valentine's Day: Before you walked into the restaurant on Valentine's day, they set up a photo-op where you can get a complimentary picture taken with your and your date. They print out the photo and give it to you during dinner. All very Carnival Cruise Line, but the cheesy girl in me came out and loved it. All in all great experience, especially because they were so accommodating, but the food was not as good as the Melting Pot's.
