I've been a loyal fan of Lockdown since it opened. I loved Kuma's corner, but I didn't have the patience to wait 2 hours, and the outdoor patio is a nice touch (or was, but i'll get to that). The burgers are top notch, and the drinks are great in both taste and price. Simply put, this place meets all the requirements a great burger should taste like. Now, the reason I am giving 4/5 stars is b/c I was SORELY disappointed in a visit a couple weeks ago on a Saturday afternoon. Instead of a boring "here's my story.." i'll just list out what the hell happened. * 15 mins went by BEFORE WE GOT OUR MENU'S. * Upon receiving our menu's, it took 7 mins to GET WATER, and this was  just from the barback, not an actual waitress. * Our lovely waitress who only got us menus shift ended. Then it took another 10 minutes for the waitress to come by and ASK US IF WE WANTED SOMETHING TO DRINK. LADY WE'RE HUNGRY. Horrible communication going on there. * I ordered the Buffalo Bill. It is recommended on the menu that I get the burger done medium rare to medium b/c anything above would basically be jerky. Guess what mine came in. Medium well. I didn't complain b/c I worry about food being sent back and brought in with pubic hair so I ate it, but I did show the waitress and all she did say was "sorry." Ok, sorry about your tip as well ma'am. * I had one cup of water the entire time, so I looked for someone to take my refill. I saw my waitress sitting down playing on her iPhone, smoking a cigarette. Make your own decision on how much time it took. (answer: the barback brought me water). * Upon receiving the bill, I noticed we were charged $4.00 for sitting outside?? Is this normal? I have never been charged for sitting outside...damn this recession. * Overall one of the most horrible restaurant experiences I've had. Again, the only reason I am taking off a star is b/c it doesn't happen often. I love the burgers, love the drinks, but come on, if that happens again, that wait at Kuma's corner won't seem so long after all.  * The barback brought me my check, just FYI.
