I named my own price on Priceline and the Whitehall Hotel was selected. We arrived at Whitehall around midnight for s 5-day stay in Chicago. The hotel is located in the Gold Coast area of downtown Chicago and is only one block from the shopping along Magnificent Mile and Michigan Ave. The doorman took our bags and led us to the counter for check-in. The lady at the counter was friendly and explained the basics of the hotel, such as room service, on-site restaurants, and the business center. Up to the room we went. She then mentioned that we were upgraded to a junior suite...score! Entering the room on the 10th floor, the older decor was an instant eye-catcher, which is a good thing. A few of the artsy fixtures looked like something from medieval times and the bed frame was also old-fashioned (I added a few photos of our room). There is a small bench at the end of the bed which is good for watching TV or looking out of the window. The mattress on the bed was AWESOME, as it was very firm and conformed to my body. Six pillows lined the headboard, all of a somewhat different level of cushion. Closet space is standard, with a set of hangers, an ironing board, and a safe. Lighting was low, even with a ceiling light and five lamps spread throughout the room. I believe they need to add one more adjustable bright lamp, because the darkness is bad on the eyes when watching TV or using the computer. The bathroom was nice! Good power in the shower water, clean and fresh smelling, nice toiletries, and the hand soap was the same clam shell shape as the soap dish. Nice touch! A complimentary newspaper is left at the room door every morning and the soundproofing between rooms is solid. The housekeepers are friendly and if they see you in the halls, they ask if you need your room tended to...little things like this make hotels stand out. Lobby doors are opened for you when you come and go, and catching cab is a breeze as the cabs line up to the left of the building. The hotel is also close to State Street and is within walking distance to many areas around downtown. The hotel provides a number of maps and pamphlets to help you plan you daily activities. Sooo, my only "gripe" is the lack of lighting within the room. The hotel was remodeled a number of times and has very unique look compared to the more modern hotels that surround it in the same area. I would definitely stay here again.
