Cue the accolades! Holy cow; (no pun intended) that meal was beyond satisfying. I was excited to learn that they serve lunch, and this is just under a one mile walk from my Michigan Ave. office. I'm already dreaming of when I can have the bruleed mac n cheese again! My bf and I met another couple to celebrate their recent engagement this past Friday night. I made reservations in advance, and thank heavens I did! It was PACKED as a recent Michelin winning restaurant should be. Our friends were running a tad late due to the insane traffic and bad weather. (They go hand-in-hand here in Chi-town.). So we cozied up to the bar and selected some very Kentucky Derby-esque cocktails- Pimm's Cup and Mint Julep (see attached picture). The Pimms Cup, otherwise known amongst my friends as the "Pimp's Cup" came lavishly adorned with citrus and cucumbers on the rim. It even had some in the drink as well, think sangria. The Mint Julep was a kick in the esophogus. No, seriously, it was like liquid fire that definitely warmed me right up from the serious frigid temps outside. Ok, enough about the drinks. How cool was it that instead of a bread basket, you were served homemade pub chips and pickes? DELISH! I think we had at least 3 bowls of the stuff. I'm a pickle fiend! We ordered an appetizer to share with the table, and decided on the House Bacon Cheddar Hush Puppies. The waiter even said he would add a few more to the plate to ensure we each got two pups. Thanks dude! These were warm, crunchy and a LIL hot. (Warning: Please allow them to cool a few mins before biting into these hot suckers. I burned the roof of my mouth with the hot oil that was still nestled inside my pup. Ouchie!) Now, onto the main course! We both ordered sandwiches which came came along with your choice of coleslaw, cornbread or fries. My bf ordered the Pulled Pork Sandwich and opted for the cornbread. I ordered the Kobe Chopped Brisket Sandwich and opted for the cornbread as well. We also ordered a side of the Bruleed Macaroni and Cheese. I have to admit I liked my boyfriends' option better. The pork was tender and smokey, and came served upon a pretzel roll. I was totally jealous. My brisket was not very tender and had a lot of grisle. I just wasn't WOWED. My dad makes smoked brisket in his smoker at home, and found that I liked his better. Next time, I'm definitely going for that pretzel roll piled high with pork! Aaaand, I'm going to stack some of those sumptuous pickles on it too. MM MMM Along with your sammies came a trio of sauces from mild to Carolina vinegar and the bold. I loved the bold sauce! The only thing that bothered me was the pushy tendency of the bus boys and our server. I know it was a packed house, but we were languishing over our hearty meal and having a good time. I felt a bit rushed considering they stopped at our table seven times asking us if we wanted boxes. We all were a bit miffed about that. I definitely would like to be part of the lunchtime crowd sooner rather than later. Hope to see you again soon Q!
