Sat in the large bar with my girlfriend for dinner. Hostesses politely took our coats and pointed us towards the first-come, first-served high top tables. I spotted a few open tables around the edge with classy leather booths, went back out to ask one of the hostesses about it and she quickly had me seated at one. Music was Katy Perry and Lady Gaga sung over piano as other reviewers mentioned and while it was a touch loud, we sat several tables back in the room and enjoyed it. It was performed pretty well and we appreciated the modern twist on the standard piano bar. Hopefully they'll mix up the music selection every week or two to keep it fresh. Service was excellent as expected. Fresh, warm assorted bread was brought out to us immediately. Our waiter knew the drink menu flawlessly and suggested an Elderberry Martini for me - outstanding. Martini's are around $18 but do come in the shaker which holds a full second drink and he returned a couple of times to casually top me off. Chopped salad is $10 and easily big enough to share for two. We enjoyed it, nothing remarkable (looking at you Wildfire chopped salad) but would gladly get it again. We both got the 12oz Filet which is a la carte for $40 but it came out looking huge. Plate and the steak were both piping hot and the exterior was well charred while the inside was appropriately medium-rare for her and medium-plus for me. It wasn't quite a Joe's filet, but it was very good. The flavor was spot on but there's just a subtle texture to the meat that the very best steaks have and i'm not 100% convinced Mastro's hits that mark - we did both finish our large steaks though and certainly enjoyed them. Split a side of garlic mashed (sized for 2-3) which were nice. Our waiter even managed to find some Au Jus for me - he was doubtful that they had any in back and offered a few other suggestions while taking our orders, but he came through and it certainly enhanced both of our meals.  While too full for dessert on top, we were politely encouraged to take our time enjoying the scene and listening to the music. Bar is well stocked and the place was pretty packed for a late wednesday evening. Definitely worth checking out while this place is hot, curious to see what they do to stay sharp over the next year or two to hold up against the plethora of other Chicago steakhouses.
