I had heard a lot about this place from friends who live in the area and rave about the place rivaling Kuma's Corner. When I heard there was going to be an event here I could go to, I jumped right at the opportunity. First off, the place is pretty great inside. It's a metal themed bar, and I'm a metal fan so it was a win-win. Cool stuff, and inside there were TVs playing concerts and videos. We were in back though, the patio which was great. Very nice, cozy, etc. Definitely a good place to hang out. Onto the food. First off, their beer menu looks very great. They have a lot of different Lagunitas beers too, which is awesome. We all had the great opportunity to try a number of different appetizers as well as the burgers. Appetizers: * The Prison Yard - Great mussels. Really some of the best I've ever had in Chicago. The sauce is delicious. * Chain Gang - Onion Rings. I'm usually not a huge fan of onion rings, but I have to admit these were some of the best I've ever had. Really great. * Barb'd Wire - Tortilla chips (fresh made?) with Four Cheese Chorizo sauce. Anything with Chorizo is a win for me. Again, delicious. The chips were good too! * Sticky Fingers - Pulled Pork Sliders. The pork and sauce was really great. We also had some other appetizers like fried dill pickles (yum) and cheese fries. The appetizers were great. We also ordered some burgers, which we all heard Rivaled Kuma's Corner. I decided to get the Border Patrol, which has a healthy helping of Carnitas, Avocado, Pepper Jack, and spicy peppers. It's a solid burger and I might get it again, although I wish there was more spicy peppers on it to be honest. Now, my friend ordered the Fat Elvis which has peanut butter, some bacon, and banana on it. I am already a big fan of peanut butter on a burger (if you haven't tried it, DO IT), so I had to try a big bite of it. Really, based on the big bite I took, this has to be one of the greatest burgers I've ever had. If you are at all a fan of peanut butter and/or banana, you *have* to get this burger. It's DELICIOUS. Honestly, the next time I come back which will hopefully be soon, will be for this burger alone. I also had a taste of the Arson burger, which has habenero in it. If you are not a fan of pretty spicy food, don't try it. I would say it packed a mean punch, although I wasn't knocked out from the spice (that's a good thing). Great flavor in this burger for sure. I also saw you can make your own burgers from a ton of different choices. Great touch, and I almost forgot the Mac and Cheese! Some of the best I've ever had, bar none. Actually, might be the best I've ever had. It's more gourmet style, and while other places I've had do it well, this takes it up a notch even more. Overall, the place is an easy winner. Everything I tasted at this place was legitimately good. The place looks clean even though it has a metal theme and semi grungy. There's TVs everywhere playing music, and if you're a fan of hard rock and/or metal, it's a great thing for you. The patio we sat out is really nice too (not sure if it's open yet or we got a sneak preview, but it's really nice), and there's good sidewalk seating too. The burgers are some of the best I've ever had anywhere, and easily rivals Kuma's Corner. Overall, great great place. Have to put a word in for the staff too. They were really cool and helpful in ordering and just everything in general. I will be back and recommend you stop in there too for awesome food.
