Give me a break. I'm reading all of these things about this place having a "Michelin star." Maybe you have to be a foodie to know what that is, or just a really easily influenced individual to take that kind of rating into consideration when it comes to selecting a place for dinner, but considering my experience last Friday night, a Michelin star must mean "Stay away from here if you want a yummy dinner." We expected a wait, and were told it would be an hour. We sat at the bar for an hour and a half, and this is where the good beer list comes in handy. After a long wait, two drinks, and 90 minutes of an obnoxiously loud business school student drunkenly knocking me off my bar stool and apologizing at regular intervals, we were called over to our table, where we both ordered the burgers. The key here is that we both very clearly ordered them cooked "medium." What we got was two gigantic bloody gobs of ground beef on buns that were absolutely soaked through with red on the bottom. But we didn't notice this until we cut into them. The first thing we noticed was the complete lack of cheese on both burgers. There were like 2 cheese shreds on each burger, which the chef had tried to cover with fatty, undercooked bacon that looked like it had been tied in a knot. I'm not sure how to describe how insanely lacking the cheese was. It was like if cheese clipped its toenails, this is what would be left over. It was like if you asked for no cheese and a little bit accidentally got dripped onto your burger and was wiped off with a paper towel. It was like if a piece of cheese coughed onto your burger. I'm talking silly amounts of cheese. It was like anti-cheese. So we apologized to the waiter for bothering him, and he was really nice about it. He looked at our burgers and said, "Yeah, that does look really skimpy on the cheese..." and returned with a single slice for us to share. This was confusing since I'm sure that I've ordered this in the past and each burger has gotten its own slice of cheese. But whatever. Then we cut into our burgers and it was like mini car accidents had taken place on our plates. I've had a rare burger before, okay? And I've had a medium burger before. But I don't think that I should see a cooked edge stuffed with raw meat that can be scooped out with a fork. And I don't think the bottom bun should be bright red and disgustingly soggy and wet. So, we called our waiter back again. He was very understanding, again. And though we had only been at our table for half an hour and hadn't taken so much as a single bite of food, when he took our burgers off the table, the over-attentive bus staff completely cleared our table of napkins and utensils, as if we were finished. A second waiter took us over, as I suppose we were the problem table of the evening. Our burgers were returned, with a free bowl of fries for us to share in the middle of the table. The burgers were cooked properly, cheesed properly, presented properly...they just tasted like nothing. Dry, bread-y, and unseasoned. We shared a napkin I'd been lucky enough to have hidden in my lap when the bus staff swooped in, while watching the tables on each side of us receive cute little samples from the kitchen and refills of water. That restaurant was finished with us, obviously. You could tell the waiters felt bad but--seriously? Raw burgers after 2 hours in the place, and you bring us a bowl of fries to complement the fries that come with the meal? It's really a shame that this place has gotten so highly rated. When it was new, I enjoyed it, even with the wait. It wasn't packed with loud, drunk douchebags who are only there because of an Esquire article, so waiting was tolerable. The kitchen was still trying to become highly rated, so the kitchen was still trying. Now that they're lauded as The Place To Go in Logan Square, they're sticking to whatever gets people in and out the quickest. That's because as soon as the droves of people who believe everything they read start to darken the doorway, the place could serve sliced canned dog food with a sprig of something styled "wild crimson fennel" on top and nobody will know the difference. "Oh my God, you have GOT to try the sliced dog food with the wild crimson fennel! It's simply to DIE for!!!"
