Are you a lush? Love pig? If you answered yes as enthusiastically as I did, you will love The Purple Pig. They say it is thus named because when a pig drinks wine it turns purple. Mmmmm sounds delicious to me. First off I have to stress I loved our waitress Jill. We started off with our own wine pick, a Jacky Moulin-A-Vent Bojoulais. It was nice enough but nothing thrilling. She found us the best wine I have drank in a really damn long time, Furlan Castellrosi Cabernet Franc 2007. It was even slightly cheaper than the one we picked. Mmmmm we had two more bottles. Yes you are reading that correctly. I am sure no one is surprised I am a lush but my sister is a very bad influence indeed. I adore her. We started with a selection of cheeses and charcuterie. We wanted a good variety so we just went with a chef's selection. We had a bit of Blu di Bufala, Big Ed, Peccorino Noce, Camembert Fermier and Delice de Bourgogne for the cheeses. Our meats were Coppa, Jamon Serrato and the best Sopressata I have eaten. It was served up with toast (that they will give you more of if you are like us) and a little pot of a fruity chutney/jam-ish substance that worked with the soft cheeses particularly well. We moved on to some bread balls with prosciutto and escarole which were nice flavor but small. We also partook of some homemade Italian sausage with broccolini and tomatoes that was just awesome. Our bowl of mussels had lots of pancetta and creme fraiche and the marjoram really added a great dimension to what is normally a fairly standard thing. The star of the show was the milk braised pork shoulder. I thought it sounded boring but OMG, it reminded me of my Grandma's best pork dish. Shreddy and just melt in your mouth. The potatoes with gravy that came with were just incredible. Evillicious. I loved the setup here, it makes making friends easy. We met some totally fun men from Santa Fe (I believe, I was a lil bit drunk by then) who were just a wonderful addition to our party, Prada pants and all. By the end of the night we were hugging strangers and doing shots of orange vodka. No I am not normally like that...well maybe sometimes. At any rate if you go to Chicago you must visit The Purple Pig, Jill will hook you up and you will have great wine, swine and fun people with whom to dine.
