I stared at this for a while trying to decide how many stars to give. I must say, I was very very close to giving 3 stars... I am a huge Rick Bayless fan. I own books...I dvr his show. I think he's a great chef and I love to eat his food. This place however just doesn't live up to the hype in my opinion. I tried the Ahogada because I'm a huge fan of good carnitas. I expected to get some of the best tasting carnitas ever and what I got were arguably the worst. I felt the meat was very dry and pretty tasteless. I had to bathe the sandwich in the hot sauce that came with to get flavor. I must say, I was quite disappointed in that. If I had to guess why it was lacking, I would say they probably don't prepare the whole pig by slow roasting it overnight. I'm pretty sure shortcuts are taken. That is my own speculation though. Either way, I definitely do not recommend that sandwich to anyone who wants good carnitas. However it is prepared, it isn't very good. My wife got a Milanesa (Chicken) torta and had mixed feelings. At first, she wasn't blown away, but it helped when she asked for avocado. I tried it and thought it was pretty good, but nothing special. We both ordered chocolate milk and they were both just ok.  Lastly, we got churros with ice cream. I actually thought these were very good and I highly recommend them. They probably saved my rating this time around. Overall, I feel I may be a little harsh in my words, but I feel this was a very average meal. I'd like to add that my feelings definitely weigh in that you are paying $10 for this sandwich and a couple bucks for a small cup of chocolate milk. The truth is that I could get a better tasting torta at half the price almost anywhere else that I frequent. I think it is kind of ridiculous to pay so much more for a sandwich that isn't twice as good (As stated above, my sandwich wasn't even as good...much less twice as good). The only reason this is not a 3 star is that I decided to give it one more shot...one day. Rick Bayless deserves the benefit of the doubt in my opinion.
