Went there today after my BF's graduation. Worse service ever. The service is usually bad, but today it was RIDICULOUSLY BAD. We had a reservation, got seated early, but waited oh a good 20 minutes before someone took our order and mind you the place wasn't crowded. We were greated by a grumpy old man as our server. I placed the order, he couldn't fully understand me. I resorted to pointing at things on the menu. I asked for this sauce that goes along with the roast pork dish. It's oil, green onions and something else. Well he brings that out and it's ice cold. It's clumped together so you can't even dip anything in it. So out comes the pork accompanied by duck...duck which we didn't order. The food was brought out by someone else. Our server comes around, all testy and says, NO YOU ORDERED DUCK and points at duck at the service ticket written in Chinese, which I can't read because I'm not Chinese. Umm, well that's not what we ordered. He said, well take it and leaves it at the table, so we really don't have a choice. RUDE. I ask him to warm up the sauce that is ice cold and he gives me the DIRTIEST look ever. Are you freaking serious? Dude, if you hate your job, quit. Comes back and kind of chucks it at the table. Our dishes slowly come out, one by one brought by everyone BUT our server who doesn't check on us after that whole episode with the sauce. Bitter old man. What is messed up is we get our check, the duck is on there PLUS 15% gratuity. Are you serious? For that service? We didn't even have a party of 6 or more and the jerk put that on there. It was also an inconvenience to have our food wrapped up for us. We didn't order the duck, so we had to take that home...we paid for it. We had pork to take home, we asked for sauce...WELL WE HAVE TO CHARGE YOU for it. That's fine...the guy packing up the food then rolled his eyes. If you don't like serving people, don't be a server. Gosh, I've never had such poor service EVER. I guess next time I want Chinese, I'll go to Chinatown. Too bad, because the food here is pretty good and closer to us, but it's not worth the attitude that the servers give you.
