Alinea has recently been hailed as the Best Restaurant in the U.S. (and #7 in the World). With such status, I had extremely high expectations and quite honestly, was a bit worried that I'd expect too much and be let down. Instead, I was *COMPLETELY* blown away by my experience at Alinea and would have to whole heartedly agree that it's the best restaurant I've been to in the U.S. (sorry, French Laundry). What's even more remarkable is that Alinea has only been around for 5 years, during part of which Chef Grant Achatz had battled tongue cancer. Words can not adequately describe the phenomenal meal I had at Alinea. It is a true experience in all forms - the surprise of hidden sliding doors, interacting with the unique presentations of each dish, anticipating what the next extraordinary course would bring, and most importantly, having my taste buds delighted and pushed to the limit with innovative, incredible food. You really do just have to experience it for yourself. The food at Alinea is progressive, ambitious, artistic, and totally original. It was creative without being gimmicky. Chef Achatz and his team take modern American cuisine to a whole new level with their inventive genius. The service was impeccable. Every need was anticipated before we had to ask for anything. The staff was professional, courteous, and very knowledgeable. I learned so much about the food and wine. [BTW, I highly recommend the reserve wine pairing. The wine beautifully complemented the food - an impressive feat with ~20 courses!] The only thing I didn't love about my experience at Alinea was the ambience. The dining room (there are 3) is a small, rectangular room with modern, minimalist dcor in cool grey, beige, and black tones. It felt impersonal and lacked warmth. It's a good thing that the food was so mesmerizing; else it'd be awkward to be in such a sparse room where you are so acutely aware of your neighbors. But maybe that was intentional, and they want you to just focus on the food. A few of my favorite courses... ENGLISH PEA - unlike anything I've ever eaten before! Peas were mixed with frozen burrata cheese and dusted with Iberico ham powder. It was ice cold yet creamy, salty, sweet, and meaty all at once. The sherry "bubbles" and melon would also transform each bite by accentuating different flavors. TOMATOES - this dish transported me to another place. I was initially confused and intrigued when they put pillows on top of the table. Then I started to smell the fresh, grassy aroma emitted by the pillows. Once the plate of heirloom tomatoes was set on the pillows, more of the aroma was emitted as the pillows deflated...it was like eating ripe tomatoes straight from the garden! If summer had a taste, this would be it. PORK BELLY- this pork belly was ABSOLUTELY ORGASMIC! It had been slowly simmered in coconut milk and just melted in my mouth. I wanted more! HOT POTATO - great things really do come in small packages. A metal pick slides down to drop a piece of butter, hot potato, and black truffle into the tiny wax bowl filled with cold potato soup. Let me say that again...Truffles. Potatoes. Butter. Totally my kind of comfort food! This was so delicious, it took all my restraint to keep myself from licking the bowl clean. EARL GREY - I was ready to dislike this dessert because I detest early grey tea, but this was surprisingly my favorite dessert of the evening. It was a moist and crumbly early grey cake served with pine nut custard, lemon curd, and rose gele. The flavors were so well balanced - buttery, sweet, tart, and with just a hint of bitterness from the earl grey. The caramelized white chocolate noodle also added a playful yet tasty touch. CHOCOLATE - The ultimate demonstration of fantasy and wonder at Alinea. You will have to see this for yourself...a tableside presentation like no other! After our 4 hour meal, I felt inspired and completely enchanted. Alinea made me fall in love with food all over again. I've had many great meals, but few have left me feeling so awestruck. The $185 tasting menu is pricey, but still a "bargain" considering the number of elaborate and well-executed courses...a small price to pay for one of the best meals of my life. **For a full review and pics of each course, go to my blog link under my profile**
