Literally ruined our night. OVERALL: The entire meal was overpriced, the waiters acted as though they were too busy to pay attention to us even though barely a third of the restaurant was full and the food was all incredibly bland. Maybe a good spot if you want to try Indian but don't actually like Indian flavors? THE LITTLE THINGS: Came in, restaurant isn't very busy. Hostess still makes us wait 5 minutes to be seated so she can talk on the phone. Ordered a beer, did not realize it would be 22oz and $10.. my fault, but I would think if a tiny girl ordered that from me for herself at dinner, I would mention that it's huge and expensive. Asked for the food the be wrapped up and the rice to be split in half.. they ignored this. Minor, but again.. the restaurant is barely a third full... you can't spare any attention to detail? THE FOOD: First, for those prices, HOW can they not include rice? Are there really so few decent Indian places that they can get away with this? So I thought, ok, having to order the rice for $5 extra isn't so bad since they bring us naan on the house! I asked the waiter if we could get some more, and he said "no, that's just complimentary when you sit down." Ok... the naan had a good consistency but lacked any flavor, but I suppose that was the point of the tomato curry dipping sauce. Rice wasn't seasoned like Indian rice typically is. On to the main course... the one thing I will say is that they know how to make the food spicy, which a lot of Indian places avoid. But beyond that.. no flavor. How is it possible to make a curry so bland?? My lamb was cooked well, but the potatoes were mostly under-cooked (they were ok around the edges). The lamb and potatoes were also clearly prepared outside of the sauce. At most authentic Indian restaurants they will slow cook the ingredients inside the sauces so that they actually have flavor.. this tasted like they just tossed pre-cooked meat and potatoes into the sauce after we ordered. Come to think of it, I guess that's why we didn't have to wait long for our food. So yes.. I'm not coming back.
