Okay to the people who gave horrible reviews - ya'll don't get it. Greeks put lemon and salt ON EVERYTHING, maybe too much, but hey - that's us. My friends know, "I put lemon on lemon", so, If you aren't a huge fan of lemon or salt, ask them ahead of time to go light on the salt, it goes a long way.  I personally love this place. I have tried the other restaurants, so you know it's legit when I declare that that this place is the best Greek restaurant in Greektown. I'm a "greek food snob" as a Greek person, so when I finally found a place that got my favorite/classic dishes right, I became a fan for life. If you like lamb, get the traditional dish of the "Kokkinisto" which is melt-in-your-mouth lamb baked in a ceramic dish with a red sauce ("kokkino" means "red" in Greek) that has bay leaf, red wine and onion in it. its rich, flavorful and tastes like it was magically FedEx'd from Greece to your table. I take a lot of my vegetarian friends here because we can order about 5-6 appetizers and satisfy all of our palates without breaking the bank.  Yes, the other customer's complaints about service are valid. Their servers are a little TOO efficient sometimes, and they definitely need to work on fixing that issue. Not only that, but I feel like they BOMBARD you with plates here. They just LOVE to give you plates. Its nuts. Overall though, the food is great, and the wine list is SO reasonably priced that you'll possibly be too drunk at the end of your meal to complain about their "crappy service". Here's a final tip to those who know they're easily bothered and are service snobs: ask to be seated in the front dining area, it's more spread out and you'll feel less claustrophobic. As you walk in, there's an area of seating to the right that I can't stand to sit in because it's just too cramped - you have to walk up these weird small, slippery stairs and its too close to the kitchen/busy areas. I'm a very finicky person, and if you are too - you'll be glad you asked to be seated elsewhere.
