The Caf 28 experience was about as average as we thought we would receive. This place is more about the hype and the reluctant downward spiral of consistency that occurs when the crowds are coming out en masse. Caf 28 is suffering from a split personality in many of the facets that engulf a restaurant. The exterior of the building and the parking lot on the east side of the building are a rough composite of the urban scene that dominates that location of the restaurant. The interior is warm and bustling with multiple rooms and a meandering hallway that brought us to our table just across from the open kitchen line. This area looks to be the forgotten entrance to a small carry out operation that probably served locals back in the day but I am not familiar with the history of the building. We got off to a nice start by ordering a few drinks. The ladies were very happy with the mojitos and I started out with a glass of Modelo Negra. We ordered a few appetizers which included the Calamar a la Parrilla. Papas Rellenas and the Baked Goat Cheese. All three appetizers were solid with the Papas Rellenas getting the most attention due to its great flavor and texture. It was so good that we decided to order a second round to accompany our entrees. The Baked Goat Cheese was quite simple and I liked how the goat cheese was creamy and flavorful. The Calamari was cooked well but it needed a kick and I thought that a drizzle of extra virgin olive oil would do the trick. We asked our waiter for some olive oil but we passed on the yellow oil that so many restaurants insist on serving to their customers. This particular bottle came as part of a pairing with what looked to be a bottle of red wine vinegar. Both bottles had that kitchen glaze that makes glass a bit sticky but the yellow oil screams cheap and forgettable. Let me emphasize to any owner that will listen- if you are running a restaurant that has olives or olive oil as part of the culture that is your restaurant theme- DO NOT SERVE YOUR CUSTOMERS OLD YELLOW NASTY OLIVE OIL. It is insulting, disgusting and CHEAP. It is akin to serving margarine as opposed to butter with fresh bread. We ordered 2 entrees, the pear salad and a second round of the Papas to be served with our entrees. Of course- the split personality kicked in as we were served the Papas about 10 minutes before the rest of the entrees hit the table which is about the time that our server turned into the invisible man. The rest of the order arrived which was the salad, the famous (when available) Almond Crusted Halibut and a special that was a pork dish that had a soft polenta served on top. I split the halibut with my gal and this dish was just weak. If you are going to put an availability clause on a dish you better make certain that it is truly worthy of such accolades. The halibut was small, lukewarm and over cooked and for the 20 plus charge on it I found it to be a rip off. The halibut lacked any considerable care in the cooking process and I knew that it was prepared by a novice that has no business handling a delicate piece of fish in a Chicago restaurant on a Saturday night. The salad was good and I did sample the pork/polenta entre which was nothing earth shattering. Our waiter came back and suggested that we try the chocolate pudding for our dessert but we ordered the chocolate cake instead. Of course, he brought the pudding out so we sent it back and out came the smallest piece of cake that I have seen in years. It was good but it was lacking in girth. I am willing to tell ya that I will put the money down to eat but Caf 28 is in need of a wake-up call about consistency in a restaurant. This is my second time here and the first time through I had the same experience. Caf 28 needs to pay more attention to the quality of the food and the execution in the kitchen but I think that their formula serves ownership just fine. The crowds were in full force on this night. Too bad the staff was suffering from a split personality complex.
