I heard about the Sun Wah BBQ from a friend in North Carolina who had seen it on the Food Network and told me about the Peking duck feast. Upon returning to Chicago, I immediately looked up this restaurant and waited with anticipation to visit with a friend in town. As I learned from my research, I called ahead to reserve a table and reserved a duck. We had read how the duck feast was enough to serve 4 or even 6 people ... so we really had little interest in filling up on anything else on our visit. The place is very big. It's casual and it's sort of a no-nonsense place. After a group in front of us lining up to see the hostess left because they hadn't called to reserved a duck or table, I was happy that I had. Another great thing is that while Sun Wah serves some beer and wine, BYOB is welcome and we stopped an purchased a nice bottle of Pinot Noir to pair with our duck feast. We watched the servers prepare the duck at the other tables and got increasingly hungry and excited ourselves. Finally, our duck arrived, beautiful, crispy and golden brown. The server had obviously cut a lot of ducks in her life and a lot that night. She was methodical in carving the duck and placing the pieces in a beautiful and deliberate display on the serving platter. Soft rolls, pickled roots, and a platter of duck and she was off with the carcass to return to the chicken and we went to work on the duck. You eat the soft rolls with duck, pickled roots, spices and sauces to your tasting. There are also little cut pieces of crispy, duck skin to enjoy. It was AMAZING. I am not exaggerating. Then the server returned with the duck fried rice which was fabulous (personally I like it with a lot of soy sauce and we determined that the hot pepper infused oil and soy made a great combination on the duck fried rice). And the remaining carcass is used to make a duck soup. The duck soup was fine, but in all honesty, nothing special. It's really just a light egg drop soup with some duck bones in it. But everything else was wonderful and beautiful. I've already promised to bring my other friend the next time he's in Chicago. On my first visit, without any other appetizers or food ordered, two of us (we pushed ourselves) pretty much knocked down the whole duck feast. We planned to have a lot to take home but had none. So, next time if it is just the two of us, I will get the duck but possibly order an appetizer or two ... I'd really like to try the BBQ pork that many rave about. I love this place. I am so glad I heard about it and went and truly consider it a Chicago treasure that everyone should experience just once (and by experience, I do mean call ahead and reserve a Peking duck feast because that's what makes this place special). Bring a bottle or some beer ... and enjoy a relaxed, casual, AMAZING duck feast!
