Great concept -- mediocre execution. My boyfriend and I visited Graham Elliot on August 6th -- a Thursday night. Before I launch into a review, I have to say our expectations were set for a fun, funky meal of interesting flavors. I'll admit, it was a higher expectation than you'd have of a chain-restaurant or a hot-dog stand. We were there to try some innovative and interesting food minus the pretentious atmosphere. This is something that Graham Elliot advertises. We were looking for a special date night out while visiting Chicago, and having read and heard about Chef Bowles, I thought this was the perfect spot. I have to say, however, I was disappointed. Overall, the imagination was there with the dishes, but the execution seemed lacking. Let me explain what we had and where it was good or where it fell short: "Amuse-bouche": We ordered an amuse bouche each -- a fois "lollypop" covered in watermelon-flavored pop-rocks. We were adventurous and wanted to try something new. I wish our server had mentioned it was fois-mousse as I'm not always such a huge fan of the texture and would have re-thought the decision. Even so, I think my expectations were high based on the fois-lollypop I had at Bazaar in LA (wrapped in cotton candy) which was divine. Both my boyfriend and I felt this fell short with the flavors although the novelty of the poprocks was interesting. I question the concept of an amuse bouche being made to order and think perhaps it might be termed something else. Yeah...I'm picky....but something rubbed me the wrong way about ordering a dish that -- in concept - is usually a gift from the chef meant to tease your taste buds for the meal to come. Maybe they should call it something else instead? Appetizers: Corn-nut bisque: This was served so that the server (or expiditer in our case) brought out a bowl with the ingredients and then poured the soup over. The soup itself was a great consistency and the corn and corn-nut flavors were good, but whatever was added that included the smokey chilpotle-like flavors were completely over-powering. There was too much of that stuff in the bottom of the bowl -- rendering the soup way over-seasoned.  House ceasar salad: This was super creative, with two rectangular wedges of ice-berg on top of a savory "twinkie" filled with garlic cream. On top were white anchovies and it was served with a lovely green (garlic?) sauce. Honestly, the "twinkie" was heavenly, and I really appreciated the mild flavor of the anchovies. And rectangle one of the salad was great. Rectangle two was as hard as a stone. I'm not sure if it was just cut out of the center of the head of lettuce or if it came from some sort of iron-injected super-lettuce, but I couldn't cut it to save my life. Neither could my boyfriend. And he has the forearms of a god. Alas...I digress. Mains: Root-beer BBQ steak: The BBQ sauce on this dish was absolutely magical. My (English) boyfriend absolutely hates root-beer and loved this, and the meat was extremely tender, to boot. Decontrstructed/Reconstructed Lamb Gyro: Again -- absolutely delicious sauces and the meat was cooked nice and rare -- the way we like it. The Tzatziki sauce had some mystery ingredient we couldn't place. We were practically licking the plate. One minor note was that the "pita" that was on the plate was hard as a rock, though. We both had desserts -- the chocolate "stick" dessert which had pretty good flavors although wasn't anything we haven't had before. We liked the banana-halva dessert. Ok -- now that I've detailed the food, there is one other thing that really bugged us. Having left the restaurant feeling meh about some of the food -- the waitor and his attitude really bugged us. Perhaps it is part of the schpeal, but he had to tell us the entire back story of the restaurant and just how acclaimed Chef Bowles was. (We already knew about him.) I don't know how to describe it, but the entire schtick -- with the popcorn down to how our server had to explain the casual attire -- it felt gimmicky. It also felt pretentious. The entire point of this place -- from the popcorn to the servers' attire was meant to be the opposite, but when we had to hear for 10 minutes about how Chef Bowles was gone that night preparing for Lalapalooza and how the staff was going to help him tomorrow...and wow...isn't that so wonderful...on and on and on....it defeated the purpose. It was self-congratulatory and had absolutely nothing to do with the nitty-gritty -- the food. Overall, having dropped around $170 there for two meals and drinks, I felt that we could have had a better meal without the dripping pretentiousness elsewhere. I guess for that price, I would have expected the appetizers to sing and the waitor to be less-- I don't know...meh. Perhaps this was all because the head chef was out. When the cat's away, the mice will play?
