My 100th review.. I'm going to make it about the best restaurant I've been to in my life thus far... Actually.. 6 Stars The Intro: Considered to be the best restaurant in the United States Chef Grant Achatz is a true master at the craft of molecular gastronomy. Alinea has received 3 Michelin stars and dozens of accolades. The Food: Our meal that we had consisted of 17 stunning and innovative courses finishing off with a big finale dessert prepared by non other than Chef Achatz himself right on the table. Not only is every course delicious but every dish was a different experience. Center pieces were used to present in the middle of the table to be saved for uses in a certain course. I had a bunch of courses described in this review but i realized I didn't want to spoil it for foodies that haven't been here so I deleted it. Every course is a surprise on it's own. Even though I liked and was amazed by every course some of the course that I thought was just made me speechless was Hot Potato Cold Potato, Taste of the Ocean, Farm Salad, Peach and Black Truffle Explosion. Like I said I'm not going to spoil these course for you by describing them, you're going to have to experience it for yourself.  The Decor: Very low key on the outside and not much to look at but once you step inside... Wow!! Stunning looking restaurant. Automatic doors slide open at the end of the hallway after you open the front door. Once you step in you can see the very busy kitchen right behind the maitreid's podium. Very modern and chic. throughout the whole dining room. The Service: Impeccable, One of the best services I've ever had in all my dining experiences. They made us feel very comfortable right from the start. All the servers that served our food did a great job of describing our dishes and teaching us on how to eat them. They were also very comedic at times when serving our dishes. It was fun. The best was when Chef came at the very end and chatted with us a little bit while he was "painting" our dessert. Everyone was so professional and nice. The Summary: Definitely worth the experience and trip. The expert critics were right as to vote this place the number one restaurant in America. My wife and I decided to make a annual trip to Chicago just to dine here after this meal. I can tell Chef Achatz is a very passionate and hard working chef by his food. On top of that he is not arrogant but a very nice and humble chef. He is by far my favorite chef to date. For all you true foodies out there, this is a place no matter where you are in the world, call Alinea, make a reservation, buy a ticket and fly to Chicago and you will have the most amazing meal of your life.
