Best. Hot Dog. Place. EVER. Seriously. This is the best hot dog joint I have ever been to. And like every other kid who grew up in America, of course I'm an expert on hot dogs. I got here a little after 11:00 right before the lunch rush. Good thing as the line goes out the door to the sidewalk during this rush. Doug's serves about a dozen kinds of hot dogs on their menu. The 1st one being the original Chi-Town dog with or without everything. 'Everything' being what your normally find on a Chi-Town dog. $1.75 just for this. Seriously, I really think this is reasonable. I mean, come in, get two dogs and a small drink and your lunch is less than $5. And definitely get only the small drink as it's free re-fills. Doug himself actually tells me this at the bar when I order. And on top of this, you can have your dog prepared different ways. I mean not just the original steamed way, but also grilled, deep fried, and deep fried and then grilled! A true sign of specialty in hot dogs.  So I'm getting really excited just standing in line looking at all the other dogs (polish, some kind of spicy dog, some kind of spicier dog, corn dog etc.) when I notice a smaller menu on the wall. Their specialty dogs for the day. I'm guessing this menu changes a bit week to week. But holy! I'm reading this menu and I'm thinking, seriously? Maybe I just died outside in a car accident and fell into hot dog heaven. 'Cause this menu has got dogs for $7-8 but one of them is duck sausage (in a dog bun) with foie gras. Another is antelope sausage with a specialty mustard and sweet peppers.  So when I get to the counter I ask Doug (who takes the orders) whether all that meat is 100%. Meaning is the antelope 100% antelope meat? He tells me some of them are, some of them aren't. The antelope is. I order one. How about the pheasant? Is this 100% pheasant? The pheasant is. I order one. How about the duck? Is this 100% duck? The duck is. I order one. Seriously, I order these three dogs plus an OG Chi-Town dog, grilled. And Doug is really nice. I tell him I'm really excited and he laughs and thanks me. The only problem with this place is that it's CASH only. Surprising considering how much traffic they get, I'm pretty sure their profits could offset the credit card fees. I grab a small table that fits two and see all sorts of people in this place. From kids and moms to college kids to me! My order comes and I chow down. I mean, these dogs are really, really good. Because I've never head pheasant, duck nor antelope in sausage form, I almost want to eat these outside of their hot dog form. To get the raw taste of these. But I chow it all down. The specific ingredients served and made with the specialty dogs are designed to enhance the taste of the specific meat. In some cases it didn't quite work out well (like the pheasant) but in some cases in absolutely did (like the duck). Still, to get exotic meat like this you really gotta look hard. And even then there's no success you'll find anything like this. Outstanding. A place like this almost makes me want to move to Chicago.
