short version:service: 2salad bar: 2meat:3long version:thank god we had the buy-one-get-one coupon tonight or i would have been seriously pissed. still it was definitely not worth the $100 tip and drink included. the server was ok for the two times that he was at our table the entire night. as a server myself, i can understand being a little weeded and needing to cut back table time to get to everyone, but this was absurd. my brazilian girlfriend was quite disapointed to find no rice and beans at the salad bar which was decrcibed by the server to have every side and vegetable "known to man." when he stopped by to see how we were doing i mentioned that i was surprised that there were no rice and beans. he told us that he would go to the kitchen and make it happen. he never re-appeared and niether did the r+b. the oysters had no liquor (the natural liquid in the shell) and were partially shucked-many were still attached to the shell-i didn't have my oyster knife on me so this was a problem. and i guess some salads, a ceviche, caprese salad, and asparagus are the only sides and vegetables known to man. the meat for the most part was over-cooked and under seasoned. my bacon wrapped filet was well done-a true tragedy. the gauchos took quite a while to get to the table after passing us many times with our chip flipped to the orange side. i must say that i did appreciate that some asked us if we had a request to be brought to the table. and one of them came back with a skewer of some of the only M.R. beef in the place because he only had well done on his last. a different server came to the table to ask if i would like another beer to which i replied please! 15 minutes later and after asking two other servers for my beer, the server who originally asked me if i wanted another came to the table to tell me it would be right up. after another 3 minutes she brought the beer. our plates were only cleared after i had been holding our new plates for over a minute over the table while sitting in my seat.when it came time to leave i asked a different server if we could have our check. the discount wasn't on the check so i sent it back with him. he returned to the dining room but without our check presenter. after about a five minute wait he came to the table and asked our check had been brought back. i felt kind of bad. he was a nice guy and went and got it right away. we won't be back. if anyone that reads this is going to be in the ft.lauderdale area in the near future do yourself a favor and stop by chima- this place is the ultimate Brazilian steak house experience.
