Bad Apple isn't perfect but it sure beats the hell out of most burger joints. I've been here twice now and I've left satisfied both times - by the tremendous burgers (it's NYC's Pat Lefrieda beef!) and fries (with several seasoning options!) and the great beer list. I haven't had anything on the starter menu but I really want to try the Poutine. In my trip to Toronto and Montreal I indulged in this north of the border treat and I was hooked. Surprisingly, I haven't had it in the states yet, but it's not like I see it on menus every day. Oh, and the cheese curds look killer. I spent 4 years going to college in Wisconsin, cheese curds are part of my DNA now. Yes, I know, but my DNA mutated while in Wisco. I haven't tried anything else, really, for that matter - except for a bit of my friend's El Bandito, and it was a tasty sandwich that I'd like to spend some more time with. The two burgers I've had so far are as follows: the Black 'N Blue and the Frenchie. Both really just great burgers. The one thing I noticed about the BA burgers is that you can really taste the quality and freshness of the beef. I've been to burger joints where I'm enjoying a decent burger but you the beef flavor doesn't stand out, I end up tasting more of the other ingredients mixed with the burger. Not here. The flavor really stands out and I can taste all the ingredients individually. Make sure you get the burger medium-rare. It's how all cow parts should be cooked...well not all cuz there some parts I just won't eat. But burgers of this quality (I'd cook the hell out of beef from Jewel tho) should be cooked the right way. BA does it right, with a nice crisp outside and a medium-rare juicy inside. The Black 'N Blue burger is topped with really nice blue cheese sauce made with Pranqster Ale and the Frenchie has a nice slab of brie, some frizzy onions, spinach and truffle mayo. How can you go wrong. The fries are pretty good here too. Not the best, but definitely appetizing. Add on some of BA's seasoning choices (I like the Old Bay and the firecaracker) to kick up your fries and then get a good beer from the expansive selection of draft or bottled and get down on a good meal in a bar that has a good atmosphere (not too crazy but has enough TVs to watch a game and not be surrounded by a bunch of hipsters).
