There were many instances that prevented me to visit Crisp when I moved into the area 3 months ago. First of all, I'm a big fan of Subway so I go there a lot. And whenever I sit right in front of the window, I always see people going to the restaurant next to Subway. That made me wonder what kind of restaurant Crisp was. When I found out that it served great chicken wings, I decided to look it up on yelp and see if it's worth checking out. Well, of course I checked it out! 1. My first visit didn't really WOW me except for the fact that the guy behind the counter was extremely nice. I had a half chicken plain jane and the guy gave me 4 sauces to try out because I was new to the place and didn't know what to get. That was very thoughtful. My boyfriend loved the sauces so I took some of them and put it in my purse for later usage. Anyway, the place was very picnic-ish so I thought that was cool. 2. Now, my second visit definitely made me start loving the place. When I got there, the dude behind the counter remembered our names already! I decided to try the Seoul Sassy wings and my boyfriend wanted to try the crispy BBQ wings. Oh. My God. We were both devouring and scavenging our plate. We wanted to have a conversation but to heck with that--we wanted to eat and eat and eat because everything was delicious. We had to grab a ton of paper towels because our hands were covered in the awesome sauce. Later that night, I was craving for more. I really do think they put crack in them 'cause they're addicting! 3. I visited them like 3-4 days in a row until my boyfriend told me that it wouldn't be a wise decision because I'd run out of money. The wings aren't dirt cheap and it's not really that expensive either considering we get big momma chicken wings. Compared to other places like Buffalo Wild Wings, the wings that Crisp has is definitely more expensive but MUCH more bigger. 4. And lastly I visited Crisp again yesterday after signing a lease with a friend, so we were like HEY! Let's spend our money and get some chicken. She hasn't been to Crisp before so I told her to look at the menu and see if she'd like anything. She wanted to get one of the Buddha bowls and I got the Seoul Sassy again. She liked her bowl but when I let her try my wings, she said she "had an orgasm in her mouth." She definitely loves Crisp and since she's moving in the area with me, she's coming back for more for sure! So overall, the wings are amaaazing. The service is fast and great. The environment was cool and I will definitely be going there more.
