the boy and i dipped into this little establishment for the very special occasion of our six-monthiversary (yeah, fuck you). it was already past my normal grandma dinner time when we got there, and i'd already chubbed out on goat cheese tarts and tiny egg rolls at my work event, so i wasn't agonizingly hungry, but i could definitely eat a lil somethin'. so we got there and it was packed, as i could have expected knowing it was so very small. my boyfriend had taken the liberty of making me a colorful, rather obnoxiously shaped gift made out of balloons and tape which i now clutched awkwardly in the doorway as he headed to the bathroom. they asked me to wait outside in the entry way until there was a table available. i'm not sure if this was due to me or my balloons. either way, i sort of looked like i should have been throwing confetti and shouting about being a millionth customer every time someone walked in the door. when we did get a table and hid our centerpiece strategically between our feet, we got to the food part of this adventure. we ordered some mac and cheez, cornbread, and a sweet potato quesadilla to share. the food came out pretty quickly and we dug in. after hearing so many delightful things about the mac and cheez, i was a little nonplussed. it was sort of dry and sad. i know baked mac and cheese isn't busting at the gills with velveeta, but this bordered on disappointment. luckily, the real disappointment came later. (btw, if you're curious, the cornbread was effing cornbread). friends, i took the first bite of this sublime looking sweet potato quesadilla and it was delicious. it was everything i had hoped it would be and for a moment i forgot i was full of previous food. me and boyfriend looked at eachother, nodded, and said (probably with food in the mouth... classy) "this is good". and it was good.  the disappointing part came with the third bite, when i found myself no longer savoring sweet potato, but now only green tortilla and chikin coated with soy cheese that was beginning to cool and congeal. man. i ate the middle of both my slices and picked a little bit at the outer rim. dessert was a little boohoo too. i didn't particularly want anything really chocolatey (too much goat cheese, i'm telling you) but i did want to try some of the signature dessert i'd been hearing awesome things about. we first ordered a chocolate chip cheesecake. num num! can't wait!... oh, nevermind. they are out. okay, how about this strawberry cheesecake thing? that's okay too! can't wait!... oh... none of that either? please put the black forest raspberry delight in a box and let me take it home to eat when i don't find the idea of chocolate so repulsive. woe. overall, the food was all right to good. i don't yet understand what all the hubbub is about, but i hope to. other people's food looked divine. i will visit again, if only to get my goddamned chocolate chip cheesecake.
