I live in the neighborhood and was excited to see L&E open - not just because I love ampersands. I really wish that they could get their service issues straightened out, because I would go there much more frequently if I wasn't always so annoyed with the hosts. My servers have all be okay - not great (actually, on occasion REALLY slow - and the timing is off if you want to eat in courses, but no attitude, so I'll let that slide.) However, my last visit to L&E will likely be my final due to the bad seating arrangements. I went in at 5:30 and there was NO ONE in the restaurant (as I had anticipated). I was with a friend from out of town and due to other dinner obligations we were planning to meet early for cocktails and a few vegetarian small courses before heading out for the evening. When we arrived the hostess (who spent the entire time we were there flirting with some random person - someone else on staff? a friend? who knows?) barely acknowledged us (due to her attention being directed by this other person). She finally asked us if we were in for dinner. I explained we'd be eating some and drinking some and heading out early. She asked if we wanted to be seated at a table or the bar. We asked for the table and she then said "well, how much are you going to be eating? the dining room is reserved for dinner so I think you have to sit at the bar." (At this point we were looking at an EMPTY dining room). Okay, so why did she offer a table!? If I hadn't been there with my friend I would have left. As it was, I didn't get to actually share L&E with my guest from out of town. I wanted to drink a cocktail, but having come straight from work I knew I needed to eat some food before imbibing. I'm not into eating at the bar. I'm especially not into eating at the bar when I'm in an EMPTY restaurant and I'm going to be gone before people start showing up for dinner. But, given our situation we just go to the bar. Without the food option I'm limited in what I can drink, so I get a beer. My friend is in a similar situation so she gets a beer. Our tab is $13. I had expected to spend somewhere between $50-$60 on drinks and food for this pre-dinner experience. Maybe we would have stayed until 7 -- which is creeping into dinner time, but when we left at 6:30 (no sense in staying longer than necessary when your plans have been ruined by a hostess) there were SIX open tables for 2. My friend from out of town didn't get to taste any of the food (which is lovely enough to put up with the service -- if they'll seat you!), and she was equally annoyed with the ridiculous policy of not letting us sit at a table in an EMPTY restaurant. Hence, she will not recommend L&E to her friends on the west coast who may visit Chicago and appreciate a restaurant like L&E. Lesson to L&E: if you have to hire people who are so bad at using their judgment when it comes to customer service then don't have across the board policies that are so hostile to customers. Maybe a rule like: If the dining room is 30% full and it's past 6pm seat light eaters at the bar. If management has to come up with firm rules to ensure that the staff doesn't make stupid decisions then they should strive to create rules that leave some space for customer satisfaction.
