This could have easily ended up as a 4+ star review. Unfortunately it does not. Here is why: My friend Chris recommended this establishment after my rave reviews of Nella on Clark. Having a 2nd Pizza within a week is almost too much, but if it is supposedly as good as at Nella then why not. So we went to Spacca Napoli. First impressions were very good, it looked like a proper Pizzeria, nice and airy, we were promptly seated when we arrived, greeted by the boss it looked liked- drinks came fast and orders were placed. Starters arrived, OK , the waitress (unfortunately she did not introduce herself) forgot to leave the olives off the plate as requested, but hey, not a big deal. Pizzas arrived quickly to - and unfortunately they were not as good as expected. Nice and thin (so good first impressions) but quite soggy, spongy, and not as crisp as you think a traditional Neapolitan Pizza should be. Anyway, they were OK , but nothing too special Moving on to dessert- and to really check out if they know what they are doing we ordered the Tiramisu. It arrived within 2 minutes and I asked the waitress if it was homemade as it looked quite good. "No" she said, "but its really good" - Err, Wait - what ? Not homemade ? But from a Tiramisu Factory ? Obviously it tasted OK with artificial flavoring in it - but how can you serve a fake, machine made Tiramisu in an otherwise nice Pizzeria ?? So I told the waitress that I thought it was quite a shame that they did not have real Tiramisu but would sell fake food. She apologized, and turned up with the check when I realized she had not charged us for the Tiramisu. Obviously I was happy to pay for it even if I was shocked it was not real - but she refused. Nice gesture, but she was missing the point. Anyway, on the way out we ve had the chance to talk to the (supposedly) owner of the place, and I again commented on the fact that it was quite a shame that he did not serve real Tiramisu in an otherwise decent place. He said that he actually did not want to sell Tiramisu ("such a cliche"), but would have to have it as his customers would demand it. He would rather "focus on the dough and the Pizza" and leave desserts to others. To my remark "Making Tiramisu is not difficult" he replied if I wanted I could come in and make the Tiramisu for him in the morning. Excuse me ?? First of all, the dough wasn't all that - so where is the focus ? In addition to that - how as a restaurant owner who prides himself as that " the food, wine and service at Spacca Napoli are all designed to reflect southern Italy's proud traditions and gracious hospitality" (website) sell food that is factory made ??  That is just disgusting and a slap in the face of every Italian. Where is the Passion for food ? Focus on one thing but leave the other stuff to the wholesaler ? What ???  Profit is one thing - but throw your pride for cooking down the drain for it and fill your customers with artificially flavored factory made food ? Err, no. Wrong. Fail. Shame really. Almost forgot : Vfm (my old value-for-money favorite): Starters are too expensive, Pizza is reasonably priced (probably because of the focus they put into that....) overall OK-ish.
