First of all, there are Haters no matter where you go in this world and the ones who criticize Frontera Grill for Price or Taste are Missing the WHOLE enchilada(pardon the pun). This is the Top Notch people. If you are a Foodie, you know how hard it is to get Good Clean Food. Good Clean food as in Chef Curated Products from Farm to Table. This comes at a price. Maybe you don't buy Grass-Fed beef or the like to understand what/who you are supporting. This is something important to me. (Read Omnivore's Dillema or watch Food Inc.-the movie to get the gist) My Husband and I went here with our twin 4 year olds. We put our name down and yes it was a 3 hour wait. BUT, I had read all the Yelp comments and we were prepared. This was our Anniversary celebration. We put our name down, we checked in at 1 1/2 hours to get a pager and we pretty much did stuff nearby till we closed into the 30-45 minute range of our table. It was not a hard wait as you wanted to check out the decor and see what looked good from other orders. My husband got the Duck with Mole(he had to after watching the Top Chef Masters) I got the Saturday Ribs Special (Muy Picante-it should come with some chap stick-But YUM!)I absolutley loved the Savoy cabbage slaw, black beens with maybe Cotija cheese on the side. Kept me cool! I had to take home half the ribs-happily to enjoy the next day! Oi vey! The starter we got was the Chicken taquitos and they were smokey & delicious and the presentation on everything was very beautiful and considerate...right down to the Kale Chips with my husbands Duck. He said it right when he said, "This is like the level of making Japanese or French food!" He was right. I just got back from Kyoto and so I had been eating the traditional Japanese food before they had Beef (1853?) and it's very sensitive and detailed. Much like French food, you must be precise or it will not come out right. Everyone LOVES Mexican food, and to refine it with the Ingredients, and edge of Modernity, by being green and Pro-Farmers; Rick Bayless has take Mexican food to the Top!! Chicago people who understand this are so lucky to live near this place. What a gem! I bet he could get a Michelin Star in his future. SUMMER MARGARITA!-Cucmbers!! Gotta get it! PS Wait staff was AWESOME. Water guy kept our glasses filled! My waiter helped me surprise my husband with a dessert that was SUPERB. Best experience. Oh and my kids loved their Queasadillas too! [even his rice is something to write home about-you gotta taste his Mexican rice!] His chips are hand made-you can taste it and he had two mild salsas for us a red and green Tomatillo sauce!(My fave!) Oh and the Price! For Drinks, Starters, Meals and 3 Desserts! Less than $30 a person!! That is AMAZING! It's a bargain for what quality you are getting!
