Ok... I always rely on reviews to help me choose hotels... But usually, Im too lazy to actually write one. However, as a parent, and as a person who thinks customer service should be mandatory and not optional, I feel like I HAVE to warn others about this hotel. Not only is it not child friendly, but its not PEOPLE friendly. I arrived at this hotel on a cold morning with my mom, my daughter, and my heavy luggage. No one as at the door to help with our luggage, and the doors are not automatic. Im a pretty easy going gal, so I helped myself. When we get to the room, its very basic, to say the least. Brown walls, brown floor, no decorations. Just basic. I get ready to make a local phone call and see that its 1.75 , and an additional 50 cents (or around that) per min after the 1st thirty mins. I assumed local phone calls would be included in the $100+ bucks per night I was paying to stay there. The fridge is stocked with vodka and snicker bars. And when I say stocked, I mean good luck trying to put your food in. I suppose this is there cute little way of saying eat the food they supply??? The candy is $4.00 The vodka, I don't know. I ask an employee where I can find a microwave, so I can warm my daughters food. He appears annoyed and tells me to call the front desk. When I call, they inform me they can send me a microwave to rent for $25. I tell her no thanks, but I would like for someone to come and empty the vodka out the fridge. I worry that my very active and curious toddler may get hold of it. She says ok. One day later, no one has come, and I move it myself. When I asked for a tooth brush, im told that I cant pick it up at the front, but they will deliever it. It ends up being a 40 min delivery. I get no apology from the employee who finally brings me one. The employees are arrogant and rude, the food is overpriced, the company itself doesn't seem to respect its customers... I could go on and on about how pissed I was after leaving this hotel. And I didn't even mention the $38 parking fee.....Why the 2 stars? It was clean, and the location is AMAZING. Ta Da. (Much like the several other surrounding hotels Im sure.)
