I heard so much about this place that I thought I just had to try it out for my birthday dinner (plus, it's in my old neighborhood which I love so much!). I wish they'd take reservations though. My friends and I ordered: - some kind of salad... I forgot which. I thought it was delicious though. Sorry. I'm trying to be as accurate as possible. - Stewed calamari + pine nuts + raisins + green olives. I especially enjoyed this dish. I remembered it to be somewhat creamy, and that piqued my interest. - Polpo con Rafano. This was my entree dish. It was good, and I guess I sort of expected it to be as good as Cafe Iberico's octopus dish, but um, not quite. - Riccio di Mare e Granchio. Two of my friends ordered this, and they gave me some. OMG. I never knew sea urchins could taste so good! ...See, I've always had Chinese sea cucumbers (which are essentially the same thing, right?? I thought so, but maybe I'm wrong), and I've always hated it so even though everything else about this dish sounded pleasing, I was a little skeptical of the sea urchins, but I ended up wishing this was my entree dish instead. - Gelati and sorbetti. I think it was chocolate gelato and raspberry sorbet. Yum. On my more recent second visit, my friends and I ordered: - Bruschette. The night's toppings included tuna and Cannellini beans. Those two ingredients stuck out to me, and who knew that it could be so delicious! I enjoyed it a lot. - Mini mason jar of Ricotta + honey comb with tuscan toast. Yum! I LOVED this!! There's no word to describe. It was simply delicious. YOU HAVE TO TRY IT. Mix the honey comb into the Ricotta jar and mix well before you spread. ;) - Roasted cherry tomato + burrata + basil pesto. God, this is the best salad in the world! It tasted a little like an insalata Caprese but better. I loved it. - Truffle egg toast + fontina + asparagus. Our server recommended this dish. I thought it was interesting, but it happened to be one of my least favorite of the items we ordered on this visit. I loved that you can taste the truffle oil, and the runny egg yolks were delicious. But the bread wasn't as good as I would have preferred-- It was plain white bread. I think I would have preferred wheat or something else with a little more flavor. - Pizza della Terra. Yum! I love this too, but by the time we got the pizza, I was already full so I only had one slice. - Cannoli sundae. OMG, delicious! Too bad I was trying not to eat too much of this because I was worried about having too much dairy. All this for around $50 for four people (tip not included). Nice! We came at a much later time on the second visit. The first visit was on a Friday, and the second was on a Monday. During the second visit, we practically walked in 30 minutes before the kitchen closes so we got seated right away. No wait. I was glad for that. Then, after dinner we took pictures in the back (looks like a wine cellar) and at the bar. I had a great time during both of my visits. I will definitely want to come back here again. And, I'm going to bring my girlfriend next time. ;)
