I wanted so badly to love Chicago q. As a Texas native who spent several years living in St. Louis, carefully smoked meats are dear to my heart, and I will take almost any opportunity to find a new place that manages to craft cuts of brisket or ribs into succulent, flavorful morsels through hours of smoking. Its hard not to love this restaurant, too, especially if you love the south (as I do). From the moment you walk in, you feel like you've stepped into a different state, where drinking bourbon is the norm (personally, I felt like I was going to the kentucky derby). If you like barrel-aged spirits and the southern "feel", you should try the mint julep; you won't be disappointed. All around, the decor is tasteful and elegant, and the ambiance is wonderful, even "cute", as other yelpers have described it. But herein lies my problem; I have never really valued "cute" and "BBQ" together. Separately, yes, I love cute restaurants, and I love bbq, but the values of good BBQ and cute restaurants can sometimes be at odds in my mind. Even after trying Chicago Q, my favorite ribs are the ones that have come from some dude with a smoker at some obscure fair in Texas (or a certain smokehouse in St. Louis; I'm looking at you, Pappy's). There's just something about smoked meat that I feel needs to be enjoyed in the simplest settings- on a picnic table with a checkered table cloth, out of tupperware and paper plates, or even standing around in a parking lot. For me, barbeque is an experience of the soul, where you meet salt-of-the-earth people, share tables and food, and you line up to get it while its hot, because when its gone, you're just SOL. Don't get me wrong, I'm not trying to say you can't enjoy barbeque outside of these settings or in a fancy restaurant- I just think Chicago Q misses the mark on the soul and flavor I've become accustomed to in eating BBQ. I got the competition St. Louis style ribs, and they were technically perfect, but the perfection feels superficial- they LOOK amazing, with all of the hallmarks of expertly smoked ribs- perfect smoke rings, a nice bit of crust, and the meat stays on the bone until you bite it off. However, they were not seasoned enough, and while I was expecting loads of smokiness (because supposedly the competition ribs are smoked much longer, and they're priced accordingly at $34, though my server couldn't really give me a definitive answer on what the difference between the regular and competition ribs is), I think most of the effort goes into the texture and appearance of the ribs, rather than their flavor. My fiance's pulled chicken sandwich was huge, and bits of the chicken were tender and flavorful, while others were dry and bland. We also shared some cornbread and the mac n' cheese; I loved the whole kernels of corn and topping of brown sugar on the cornbread, but my fiance felt it was too dry, and she loved the sharp cheddar sauce on the macaroni, but I felt it was too much, so I guess its a toss-up on the sides. I'm glad I tried Chicago Q; it was a pleasant evening, it satisfied my hankering for some sort of BBQ, and I certainly didn't leave hungry. Next time I want to spend that kind of money on a cut of meat in a nice restaurant, though, I'll probably go to one of the famous Chicago steakhouses, where I can get an authentic cut of beef in a style that Chicago is known for doing well. I would definitely go back to Chicago Q for that mint julep, and I think it could be a good value as a lunch destination.
