I really, really wanted to like Amalfi. For some reason, I keep booking room in boutique hotels thinking that they'll have a chip on their shoulder to really try to impress their customers. This, however, has not been my experience. We were in Chicago on business and needed to use the printer in the business center. I called ahead before we even booked and asked about their business center. They assured me that they had building-wide wifi as well as a printer that guests could use. When we arrived, I attempted to print 4 sheets of paper for an upcoming meeting. The page was streaked. Printer read: Change Black Ink. So I called down, thinking it would be no big deal, and they happily said they would send someone up. Okay. I left for the meeting and went about my day. The next day I went down to the business center and the printer was doing the same thing. They never changed the cartridge. I called the front desk and they assured me again that they would send someone up. 2 hours later, nothing had changed. I called again and they said I could use the front desk's printer. I went down and they very nicely printed off about 15 pages for me (though it was odd that the guy at the desk wanted to log into my email account himself... "okay, what's your password."  Umm, no. The next day I went down to the business center to print our boarding passes -- three guys in suits are in there complaining about how the printer is streaking and says it needs a new cartridge. Ridiculous. The wifi in the building is a joke. I was on the 6th floor and couldn't get a signal. If you're on the 4th floor (where the business center is), then you might get one, so request that floor. They had to send up an ethernet cable for me to connect to the internet. Finally, the breakfast was lame. I understand you want to be able to advertise "free breakfast," but the food was generally stale, especially the bagels. It was nice to have free coffee, so I can't complain about it that much since I'm not big on breakfast. If you are expecting even the equivalent of a Hampton Inn, you'll be dismayed. Despite this, the rooms were pretty nice and I have no complaints there. If you're here for business, I can't recommend Amalfi. "Meh. I've experienced better" pretty much sums up my experience at Amalfi.
