On our recent visit to Chicago, we got to go to this place, one of my sister-in-law's favorite neighborhood bites. They are big fans and, overall, so am I now, even though it is kind of tough to give 4 stars after just one visit.  It was Sunday night, peak dining hour and they were absolutely packed, which is a good sign, with hispanic-looking people, which is an even better sign (right?). I am an unapologetic middle-class blue plate diner. I really appreciate a nice plate of food prepared by people I might otherwise run into in my neighborhood, and that is what it feels like you get here: Comfort food for when you don't feel like cooking or to venture outside your normal cookbook habits.  Service was forgivably slow given the fact this was rush hour. The servers themselves were very apologetic and helpful. They started us off quickly with chips and salsa. The salsa was very fresh tasting, with lots of bright flavor - not too salty or vinegary. It was on the hotter side of medium for me, and by the time the heat snuck up on me, I was wishing the server would show back up with some water for us. Water and our drinks (mexican beers for the other couple, margaritas for myself and my wife) showed up quickly thereafter though, to save my palate. The Margarita was very good, on the rocks with salt - too often frozen = neon green radiator fluid looking stuff.  This one was very good - not overpowering, but not watery either. I gather (second hand) that while the pitcher isn't that much more expensive than a round of 4 margaritas, it actually holds 7-8 medium sized drinks (God bless the Chicago Transit Authority). As I have (nearly) fully exited my misspent youth, one was enough for me and it lasted throughout dinner.  I ordered the Combination Dinner with a Chile Relleno & Steak Enchiladas (see photo). The Chile Relleno was excellent: Lightly battered and stuffed with just enough cheese. Not greasy, not overcooked -- just right, so the pepper had just a little body left to it. The steak enchiladas were great too. The meat was tender and well-seasoned. The ranchero sauce was a bit of a disappointment -- it was quite runny, and tasted a bit watered down too, almost like the had to stretch the tail-end of that batch out a bit or something. Rice and beans rounded out the plate to much more than I could eat, and they were both flavorful and full of that comfort-food goodness that my favorite neighborhood Mexican joints have. I look forward to going back the next time we visit. Ah, wait! Footnotes! For you hardcore down-home Mexican cuisine fans, I noticed some dishes you don't see very often. In addition to beef and chicken tacos, you can get your tacos (and other dishes) with 'lingua.' Now, I am not sure I want the meat I consume tasting me back, so I will shy away from tongue for the time being, but I am sure some if not many of you will decry my banal palette, so I offer this - go eat some yourself.  Another one a little off the beaten path: Pancita. The description line said "delicious honeycomb tripe..." -- as a general rule, any time someone has to convince me to eat something by calling it out as "delicious" in the menu is immediately suspect. "Go ahead, try it! It's delicious" Yeah, right. Last time I heard that, it was a Korean friend convincing me to eat their version of shitlins, err I mean chitlins. Anyway, I am sure once again that some of you will be delighted to know that they are keeping it real at Garcia's. Enjoy.
