I have to admit that I was a little skeptical and cynical when I agreed to go to Alinea with a few friends. I love food. I really love food. I really, really, REALLY love food. But I have shied away from the stratospherically expensive places because I have been let down one too many times. At supposedly outstanding places, I've experienced missteps that convinced me that there is definitely a point of diminishing returns. So, I tempered my expectations and figured that I would give this molecular gastronomy, modernist cuisine, or whatever label you would like to use, a try. This is not a relaxing place to eat, per se. There is no music, the dining rooms are spare (probably because the food is truly the star of the show), and it's a little weird feeling that the staff is literally listening to everything we say and taking notes on it in a little black book. Everyone was extremely friendly and professional, however, even when the flash on my camera went off accidentally. I am generally a fan of warmer service, but I think this type of service matched the restaurant. I heard from one of my friends that on his past visit, the servers were more interactive, so maybe we were just here on a slightly off night. The food itself was mind-blowing, inspiring, thought-provoking, and downright delicious. So many reviews have already been written that I don't need to say much more. I tried my best not to do much research beforehand to preserve the element of surprise, and I'm so glad I did. The surprises are half the fun, for sure. I loved the interactive food-as-art feel. For the amount of ingenuity, creativity, and labor that goes into the food, I think that the nearly $200 price tag is actually a bargain. Yes, a bargain. Never thought I'd say that. Everyone at the table got the wine pairings, and while it was good, it may have been the most disappointing aspect of the meal for me. I was hoping for the "holy crap" factor, that lightbulb moment when a food and a wine come together to produce a flavor greater than the sum of its parts. I have experienced a few of these pairings before, some in restaurants, some happy accidents at home. During this meal, I did not experience any of those moments, and if there's one place in the city I would expect one, it's here. So, if I ever go back to Alinea, I'm not sure I would spring for the pairing again. I may prefer to choose my own wine next time. We did some research the next day, and pretty much all the bottles in the pairing are $40-$60 retail. They were all good, but none were stunners. For a table of 4-6 people, one could buy a few bottles of very good wine for significantly less than the 5 of us spent on the pairings. Yes, you do pay for the variety, but I think we could get better wines picking out bottles with the help of a sommelier. Our party of 5 was there for 5 hours and thoroughly enjoyed every second. I loved savoring the different flavors and textures of the components and taking my time picking things apart, then tasting different components together to see their interactions. Yes, it's very expensive, but if you are willing to save up, this is the meal of a lifetime.
