Take the El, hail a taxi, ride your bike, pay to park, or just plain put on your sneakers and walk...regardless of how you get to this place, get there. XOCO is Rick Bayless creation that puts an upscale spin on Mexican street vendor food. As you walk in, there are two lines: one for dine in and one for To-Go. We went on a Saturday around 8:30PM and there was a 35 minute wait to get a table. We gladly waited, especially since you can get beer, wine, and chips & salsa while you wait.  The menu is pretty straightforward. Tortas (Mexican sandwiches) are the specialty and a must have. Most, if not all, of the food is locally-sourced so it is very fresh and high-quality. I had the "Ahodaga" torta which was made of golden pork carnitas, black beans, tomato broth, spicy arbol chile sauce, pickled onions. The flavors were simple yet complex and an absolute joy to eat. My wife had the "Woodland Mushroom" torta which was made of wood-roasted garlic mushrooms, Prairie Fruits Farm goat cheese, black beans, wild arugula, 3-chile salsa. She is vegetarian and her expectations were wildly exceeded. As a meat-eater, I did not miss meat eating her veggie sandwich. The freshly made guacamole and chips are a must as a side and the bland appearance of the side salad was deceiving as it was bursting with great flavor and texture.  We had heard that the churros are amazing so we indulged. We got an order of 3 for $3 and they were addictive, fried, sweet goodness. To put it over the top, I would highly recommend getting a "chocolate shot" for $1.25 to dip the churros in.   The prices are reasonable, especially given the River North location of XOCO. My wife and I ate like royalty for about $40 total. Also, I think getting your food "to-go" is the way to go to avoid the wait and so you can enjoy the food as Bayless would have wanted it, as you walk down the street or as you sit on bench looking at the great downtown architecture and just people watch. The churros alone are worth making the trip and would be an excellent substitute as dessert after a dinner at a nearby restaurant. Again, I don't care how you get there, just get there.
