WORST HOTEL EVER!!! Please do not stay here. I should have listened to all the bad reviews posted by others at Trip Advisor. Paid about $190 to get a room here...totally not worth it. When we first checked in, we were told that the non smoking room that we reserved is not available and there is no other room available. When we get to the room, the smell of the room was pretty bad...so we asked the front desk to check again. He told us that there is one room available, but it was a living room of a suite. But  the living room has been secluded now from the suite and the sofa can be turned into a bed. Hello!?!??! Did I pay for the room/bed or a living room with sofa? I could have stayed at a friend's apartment (for free!!) and sleep on her sofa if I wanted to do that.  Pros: - Looks good from the outside (inside totally not worth it) - Close to the millennium park (about 6-8 blocks?) But I am sure there's better hotels that are closer to downtown and better for the price. Cons: - Got a smoking room even though I reserved non-smoking room. When I read reviews online, it seems like this is their common practice to do this. Beware!!  - Room is dirty (There was a BIG spider on the wall when we got into the room) - Some portions of the carpet was WET (Gross!!) - Bed, decorations, bathroom are OLD. They really need to get updated. - Internet is $7.50 per hour, with no business center to check your email (Hotels like hampton inn can offer $130 a night with free internet and breakfast...and I don't know why Hilton can't...pretty ridiculous) - They seriously nickel and dime you for everything!! To leave your luggage for a couple of hours, you have to pay $2 per bag. - Beware of the extra charges. They slip me a bill for $6.40 for I do not know what. I called the front desk and asked what the charge is for, and they asked me if I took something from the bar and I told them no. Then they just dismiss it (imagine if you had not called). - Arrogant and full of attitude staff Definitely not a place I want to stay the next time I come to Chicago. Totally not worth the price!! Everyone should just avoid it. Every staff has some kind of attitude like this Hilton was the best hotel in the city (maybe in the late 80s or early 90s) but I don't think it is up to par with other hotel I've stayed in. My previous stay in Chicago was at Sheraton by the river...much nicer, more elegant and friendlier staff.
