The Purple Pig is a fun venue with a vast menu featuring nose to tail cuisine with an emphasis on pig dishes. I had a bit of an adventure arriving at Purple Pig; there were mobs of people on Michigan Avenue with temporary metal gates erected and streets closed off. At first I thought the New York occupy Wall Street movement had relocated to Chicago's Michigan Avenue but it turned out to merely be some lights festival. I dined at Purple Pig with a friend and left the wife behind as I was in the mood for some adventurous foods and my wife is more the meat and potatoes type (in fairness there are some "safe" foods on the menu, so one does not need to be into exotic foods to be able to dine here). The menu is broken down into different categories such as antipasta, smears, cured meats, fried items, cheeses, from the grill etc. The dishes are small (i.e. tapas style) and it seems about three items per person is optimal for those with a moderate to hearty appetite. My friend and I shared our dishes and they were all consistently very good. My new favorite food is roasted bone marrow and Purple Pig's version was tasty, though a tad oversalted. The octopus was excellent and my favorite dish was the pig ears with a fried egg (who knew pig ears were so tasty)? I also had the sweet breads and, in keeping with the nose to tail cuisine theme a JLT (like a BLT, but in lieu of bacon there is meat from the jowl of a pig). Purple Pig is also known for good cheeses, so instead of dessert we shared a cheese plate; this also was excellent. We opted for the Truffle Tremor (a goat cheese), the Podda (similar to a Parmesan) and a cheddar. This was accompanied by a tasty homemade jam with a cinnamon aftertaste and some good toasted bread. About the only knock on the food was one of our courses had a hair in it and moments later the people sitting across from us complained to the server they had found hair in one of their dishes; aside from this the restaurant seemed clean, so I will give them the benefit of the doubt and assume that this is not a regular occurrence (and not part of the nose to tail theme). The Purple Pig has a fun, casual yet chic ambiance. It is a smallish venue set up with a European style (even the bathrooms are labelled WC as in Europe for wash closet, but fortunately you do not need to leave a Euro in a basket). All the beers and wine are from Europe. The beer list is nice, but a tad pricey (most beers run $8 or more). The wine list is vast, but also a bit expensive (most glasses run $10 and up). Though the alcohol is kind of pricey, the food is surprisingly inexpensive for the quality; Purple Pig is definitely deserving of their Bib Gourmand recognition from the Michelin man. The restaurant is on the noisy side, but not so loud as to render conversation difficult (unless you were to come here with a large party). Our tab for six dishes, three cheeses and three beers was just over $100 before tax and tip. Since space is at a premium, Purple Pig does have some communal seating; we opted for this as despite arriving just after 5:00pm the restaurant was hopping and there would already have been a wait for a private table (they unfortunately do not take reservations). We did not mind at all dining at a communal table and actually enjoyed the experience. Our server was fairly good, but since the venue is so busy you do not receive a lot of personal attention from the servers - though they are there when you need them. What was impressive is how efficient Purple Pig is; since it was so packed, and the kitchen is smallish, I was expecting a long wait for food but it was delivered at a nice pace; not rushed, but no significant gaps between courses. There were many more dishes on the menu I would have liked to have tried (but was plenty full from those we sampled) so this in combination with the fun atmosphere definitely makes Purple Pig a venue I plan I would like to dine in again. I would encourage Purple Pig to join the ever growing list of Chicago restaurants on Open Table as that would really make things easier for a majority of your patrons, but all in all this was a very good dining experience and a place I highly recommend to anybody with a sophisticated palate and into consuming adventurous foods.
