This was the grand opening. We went here for dinner (an early dinner as we thought the line was going to be ridiculous). There was barely a line and like all these previous reviews - Rick Bayless was there overseeing!  The place is a tad small. The menu is limiting. But there were several things I wanted to try, regardless of the limited menu. We went in line twice just so we could try more! I wasn't expecting a lunch type place - ie: ordering in line then waiting for someone to bring your food out determined by a number. The second time we got in line, the place was a lot busier and more crowded. The line was definitely growing that the Manager had to stop the cashiers from taking orders since all the seats were taken. We aren't sure how long the line was stopped for, but seeing as the restaurant only had dine-in only for the Grand Opening, it makes sense. Here's a rundown of what we ordered - Torta Ahogada, Cafe Con Leche, Almendrado (Chocolate and Almond Milk), and Churros. The pork and black bean sandwich dipped in a bowl of a tomato-creamy, spicy broth was a weird combination, but oddly, delicious. You have to eat the sandwich quickly so it doesn't get that soggy, but if you're like me, I didn't mind a tad sogginess. The Cafe Con Leche was a normal, a nothing special latte. The Almendrado was different. I think the almond milk was a tad overpowering, but you could definitely tell the cocoa beans were freshly grounded. Worth a try, but I wouldn't order it again I think I would try a different "bean-to-cup" chocolate drink though. The churros were fried and sugary and amazing. So simple, yet so good.  I agree with the prior reviews in regards to the service. It was "okay." Maybe they were stressed. The cashiers were knowledgeable (as we asked their preferences), but a tad slow. The sandwiches came out timely for dinner, but you couldn't go for a super quick lunch. Expect a wait. The Manager was rude, probably due to her stress. Definitely not welcoming. She looks unfriendly and mean, which she is - and her eye-makeup job doesn't help at all, but that's a different story. Let's just say you don't want her as the Greeter.  Here is my advice to XOCO: As the servers deliver the food, take the number. It prevents them from running in circles, and stopping everyone. (The place isn't that big either and more of a bar seating type place). Finally, either have a place to drop the dishes off or have the servers grab them more promptly to increase efficiency (Still not sure what we are to do with dishes!) Overall, I would definitely try this place again - especially for the pastries and coffee. Way to go Rick on another success.
