So one thing I don't do is spend money on lavish restaurants. Why spend $75 on a meal for two when you can spend $20 and pick up a pair of Levi's 514s ($32.99 Levi's sale at Kohl's today 12/28/09 btw)? Therefore, it usually takes a special occasion to get me to go to a place like Le Colonial. A lot of places create the ambience but don't have the quality of food to back it up - see Sushisamba Rio. Instead, Le Colonial transports you to French colonized Vietnam and has the culinary experience to match. The place is uber romantic - the best I can describe is a low key dimly lit Rick's Caf in Casablanca. The place definitely has the French feel, wicker accents and palm leafed plants. We tried six different items - thankfully they have special tasting portions of their entrees for $10 on every Sunday of the month, albeit I'm not sure it is an ongoing deal. For starters, we tried the Pho, Chao Tom, Banh Uot, Tom Cuon Ram. For the entrees, we tried the Ga Xao Xa Ot and Ga Xao Cari. Pho (Oxtail soup) - This tasted extremely authentic. The meat was tender and the broth was delicious. Argyle approved. Chao Tom (Sugercane Grilled Shrimp Lettuce Wraps) - With all the hype regarding this dish, it somewhat disappointed. The grilled shrimp comes wrapped around a stick of sugarcane, which you have to remove before eating. It was good but it left me wondering what the sugarcane had to do with the dish at all. Banh Uot (Sesame Beef in Steamed Flat Rice Noodle) - This had the 'Wow" factor. The Sesame beef was perfectly flavored and the garnishes made the dish complete.This is a must. Tom Cuon Ram (Shrimp and Chicken Fried Spring Rolls) - The sauce here makes the dish - it had some hints of orange peel, maybe a little ginger? They are reminiscent of fried shrimp spring rolls at Thai Restaurants but are triangle shaped instead. Ga Xao Xa Ot (Lemongrass Chicken over Portobello mushrooms) - This is another must. Perfect lemongrass seasoning and with a grilled smoky flavor. Ga Xao Cari (Curry Chicken w/ Mango and Eggplant) - The curry sauce was lighter than Thai or Indian curry but it is also very good. The mango, yams, and eggplant felt like it should be part of the dish. Overall, the place is amazing and is a perfect setting for a special occasion. Total bill came out to $66. Of course the tasting menu hepled. Tip: When I reserved a seat on http://OpenTable.com I noted in the 'Special Requests to the Maitre'D' that it was my girlfiend and I's anniversary. They remembered by greeting us about the occasion upon arriving and led us to a reserved window seat. Nice touch! p.s. You know you're not used to fine dining when 1st, 2nd, and 3rd courses don't mean anything to you. When they first took our plates away after the first course, we were a second away from screaming, "Wait, don't we need our silverware?" Our answer arrived when the waiter came back with a whole new place setting.Treated!
