Does a restaurant really need 355 reviews? Probably not. Can I help myself from reviewing such places anyway? Um. No. I'm not terribly familiar with this neighborhood. And by "not terribly familiar" I mean I have no friggin clue where I am going. So the streets getting here drove me nuts (Aside from traffic really being sucky). However, once there, I was able to easily find parking on a side street so that was a bonus- I really had no idea if parking was going to be a hassle. I am thankful, because I took someone here who whined about everything, and if I gave said person another thing to whine about, I would have gone ape-shit. :) I will add my endorsement to the oatmeal shake. I don't know if I'd ever find myself craving it, but it was definitely different, and I find it harder and harder to give that label to anything. I liked it for sure. I also really liked their chips and salsa. Honestly, I have surprisingly not found too many places where that is true! And the potato tacos were really good- I thought it was a bizarre thing to see and had to try them. I know others have commented that they are a bit boring, and perhaps that's true, but I look at is as "potatos- good. taco shell- good guacomole- good. rice- good" it was all just plain good, even if not a terribly exciting dish (and it was plenty of food for the price too). Based on this one attempt, I would love to have a reason to come back and try more of the menu. I have no idea what my lunch partner ordered as all I remember is being irritated with him for being so ridiculously unimpressed (but that is a whole different story) The outdoor seating area was nothing all that exciting- but I went in April on one of the very early nice days of the year, so I am guessing it gets spruced up a bit as the summer approaches. Maybe my limited experience with this place is screwing with me- is there more seating somewhere else? This was a little patio with about 10 smallish tables right? I think I'd like to try it at night some time, as I was there on a Saturday afternoon and there wasn't much atmosphere to speak of. But I also appreciate outdoor seating in any form so I wouldn't hold it against them if I returned and had the same experience. I would direct people here without hesitation, particularly if they were looking for something in that neighborhood.
