**Edit**: Wow. I'm getting hate mail for posting a 1 star review and expecting to eat within 2.5 hours of entering an establishment. Really? Drea C., you can think I'm a "dumb b*tch", but really I was just stating my experience. Not expecting to be "treated like a king". My review below is fair and accurate. THAT being said, the owner also KINDLY emailed me, recalled the situation, apologized for the situation and asked if he could rectify the situation, so I am bumping this up to 2 stars due to fine customer service after the fact. If I ever decide to go back, I will definitely let you all know how it is. Even you, Drea C. Original review below...** We did everything right. We knew attempting to go to a new, neighborhood gastropub on the Saturday night of its opening week would come along with a wait. So we called ahead and they assured us it haven't been more than a 45 minutes wait so far. I also found a blog with a review stating that they'll take your phone number and call you when your table is ready anyway...perfect. Our party of 4 arrived around 8pm and was told we had an hour wait, gave them our phone number and went two doors down to El Cid Tacos for a drink. Two margaritas too many we realized it had been about 1.5 hours with no call, so we closed our tab and walked over there thinking our table had to be within a drink away. We checked back in at Longman & Eagle and were told that we were the next 4 top to be seated as soon as two 2 tops could be squeezed together. We crammed in and ordered another drink from their bar where we waited 30 MORE minutes (2 hours at this point) until we saw a beacon of hope... a 4 top was paying their bill! We cashed out with our cocktail waitress, hovered over the table while it was cleaned and what did the hostess do at this point? SEAT ANOTHER PARTY OF 4 INSTEAD. Right in front of our face! I tapped her shoulder in disbelief and said, "You showed me the list and told us we were the next 4-top, we have been waiting over 2 hours, when you said it would be one, I think you are mistaken and this is our table." She swiftly said, "Nope they are first" and walked back to her station. At this point we each set our almost finished drinks at the hostess station and left. It didn't seem like they minded if they lost our business or not, but this will go down as the worst restaurant at which I've never ate. In the end, their lack of regard or apology for their oversight was what was most alarming when they are trying to make nice in the new neighborhood. Other reviewers that were lucky enough to get a seat seemed to like it, but to me this place was just complete snobbery in a flannel facade. FYI: I'm a carnivore, but to my vegetarian friends out there, from staring at their menu during our long wait I noticed that even their meat-free (fries) and seafood options state that they are cooked in animal fats or plated with meat as well. Again, wouldn't bother me, but might bother some.
