Had dinner at 90 Miles Cuban Cafe last night with a BYOB dinner club. There was a festive atmosphere and lots of energy; 90 Miles has a nice casual ambiance and an authentic Cuban vibe with live music, lots of candles and nautical decor. The set up is tasteful rather than tacky and you feel like you have been transported to Cuba as you walk inside. There is mostly al fresco seating; the indoor area is quite small and there is both a front patio (completely outdoors), and two back patios (one fully outdoors, the other an enclosed porch). Our party of nine was seated as soon as most of us arrived in the porch area. On most days it would have been beautiful, but unfortunately it was 97 degrees last night and the porch has no air conditioning; between the crowd of people and the porch's roof the heat really built up and became rather unbearable, but fortunately the food was rather tasty. 90 Miles has a huge menu; there are more than 20 appetizers (not even counting the soups and salads) and our table shared abut a half dozen as we sipped our wine and beer. Sometimes when a restaurant has too large of a menu quality suffers at the expense of quantity, but people seemed pretty happy with the appetizers. I tried each dish and the maduros (sweet plantains) were my favorite; nothing else stood out, but none of the starters were bad. The entrees are divied up into three categories: Sandwiches (with some interesting options such as Caribbean Lechon - pork on sweet Caribbean coconut bread), Dinner Plates (pick your protein served with rice, beans and sweet plantains), and Specialty Dinner Plates (more unique fare). I opted for the Filete de Pargo (filet of red snapper) that was grilled and served atop veggies with rice, black beans and sweet plantains on the side. The filet was a decent size and was very flavorful; it had nice grill marks but was a tad on the dry side (though putting some of the moist black beans on top helped with the texture). The black beans and rice were also flavorful, but a tad over salted for my palate. Service was adequate; as is often the case when one is with a large party there were some lapses (i.e. it took quite some time to obtain a wine opener) and service is more business like than friendly, but our food arrived together and at a decent pace, so no complaints. Aside from the oppressive heat it was a fun evening and good (though not great) food at a reasonable price point (the final tab was about $30 per/person including tax and gratuity). The only issue I had other than the heat was the noise level was deafening at times; while the live band was enjoyable and played some nice, festive music the enclosed porch seemed to amplify the sound and for much of the meal I struggled to hear the person next to me (and had to resort to text messaging others at my table if they were not next to me). While I would not return to 90 Mile again during a sweltering day, it is definitely a fun restaurant and if I find myself craving some Cuban cuisine it would be on my short list. It seems like a very nice choice for small groups to enjoy a fun meal at a very reasonable price point.
