After only have been here one time before, I found Hopleaf to be a charming and very well rounded establishment. The food was excellent as well as their extensive list of craft beers. My second visit to what I THOUGHT was a wonderful place turned out to be horrid.  When first arriving at HL, I was HARDLY greeted by the older bartender who looked as if he'd rather be playing in traffic then serving customers. Being a bartender myself, I found it quite odd that with the amount of clients sitting at the bar that the interaction between BOTH bartenders would be so nill. Neither were talking to customers. Call me crazy but with a list of beers as extensive as they have at Hopleaf you'd think at least ONE of the bartenders might be curious to ask "hey how do you like that beer" or "what beers do you usually drink"? "might I suggest something for you" NOTHING. Every time I ordered they simply dropped the beer off in front of me and walked away. When we were ready to settle up the bartender ran my friends card. Unbeknown-st to my friend that the tab would be so high, we then VERY apologetically asked if we might have the transaction voided so that we could pay half with cash and then re-ring the card for the other half. He grunted and nodded yes to our request. Somehow however after voiding the first transaction and trying to re-swipe the card, my friends card was declined. Of course this news was upsetting and surprising as well. I have worked in the industry for quite sometime now and it's been my experience that once a transaction is voided it is just that. At this point I tried questioning the bartender as to why something like that might happen, to which his response was "call your bank" shrugged his shoulders and walked away. The fucker could give a shit and it truly set me off.   I then said to him that I just found it "strange" that something like that would happen. To which he gave a sarcastic laugh and said "yeah strange".  Now I'm not one to want someone to kiss my ass in ANY situation, but COME ON...have a little sympathy and understanding for the situation. Here i am trying to figure this out and this guys being a total heartless piece of shit. I decided to ask the bouncer for a manager, to which he responded that there "really wasn't a manager". Oh really??? No manager ha? yeah I fucking bet. I'll sum this up by saying that I will NEVER return to this elitist shithole ever again. If I want an amazing selection of beer and great food I'll try one of the 50 million other gastro-pubs swarming the city.
