Captivating, intimate, warm, and welcoming- an unbelievable restaurant for a perfectly crafted cocktail and an amazing meal with that special someone. Gilt Bar has been hot for a while now and I have been kicking myself for not getting over there to try it out, but that all ended last night when I finally took the plunge. The place oozes sexuality from the moment you pull up to the minimalistic location tucked away in the back of River North off Kedzie in the shadow of Merchandise Mart. Upon entering you are greeted by a dark and smoky atmosphere with really eye-catching lighting. The restaurant is laid out well and there is a really good flow to the place.  As we made our way to our table it was impossible not to notice the hip attractive crowd enjoying the crazy looking cocktails I've heard so much about. The tables and dcor are also spot-on. Distressed wood tabletops and heart place setting really went well with the aesthetic the place was going for. As for the food... It was outstanding. The starter menu features items "on toast" and my guest and I went back and forth several times before finally deciding to try both the Foie Gras and roasted bone marrow plates. Both were fantastic although I will say I felt they should have done a much better job with the bread selection. The plate was overcrowded with huge pieces of crusty bread that- while delicious- were tough to handle and really made a mess as we had to tear them apart to get usable pieces. For our main course we ordered the salmon and pork belly and both were cooked to perfection. As a side we had to try the blackened cauliflower with pickled onions and chili- that was superb as well. The presentation for all 3 dishes was wonderfully simplistic and highly approachable and the flavors of the dish really spoke for themselves without too much distraction. We did some nice sampling of the drink menu as well starting with two different white wines at the recommendation of our server as well as a few of the specialty cocktails. I can say without a doubt that the wine was well suggested and my "Pimm's Cup" was beyond good and the perfect summer concoction. Finally we just had to go for dessert and we jumped right in when our over-the-top banana split showed up. The ice cream was beyond decadent and there were toasted candied pistachios crumbled over the top of the entire thing, which was just a fantastic touch. Overall I would say this place was as good if not better than everyone has been saying it is. The atmosphere is perfect for a date or a more intimate gathering with friends before- say- a night out, the food and drinks are outstanding, and the location is just far enough off the beaten path for you to feel like you've made a real discovery on your own.
