I haven't written a yelp review in a long time, but I had such a wonderful time at Little Bucharest Bistro last night, I had to write about. ...Except that everyone has already said all of the things that I really wanted to say, but I will reiterate. I actually found the restaurant from a deal on http://Savored.com. Boyfriend and I weren't sure what to expect from Romanian cuisine, but we glanced at the menu before we left and then wikipedia'd a bunch of stuff about Romania on the car ride over. We're not picky eaters and love a new food adventure and we were not disappointed. We ordered the roasted red pepper appetizer - I highly recommend this. It was simply devine. I used the bread that came with to soak up every last bit of seasoning. Boyfriend ordered the chicken thighs and I got the goulash. The portions were plenty and the flavors were really great. Again, not being really familiar with Romanian cuisine, it felt like a perfect blend of Mediterranean and German - hearty but not heavy, simple but not bland. When we arrived it was pretty empty, but there was an enthusiastic guitar and violin duo serenading the other table. The ambiance was just lovely, I felt like I was in a bygone era.  This is what REALLY sold this place for me. The owner and entertainers were so genuinely enjoying themselves it was impossible to not share their enthusiasm. The musicians played some polka and another table got up to dance, when another table arrived we found out the woman in the group had a beautiful singing voice. I was laughing and clapping the whole night. I just haven't had such a wonderful experience in long time, it was really fun. Finally, since we had a savored deal, which is relatively uncommon, it did take them a bit to figure out the schematics of the discount, but the owner was so kind and apologetic that we didn't mind sticking around a little bit longer because we felt his service was so good. We went as a date, but I cannot wait to bring back a large group of friends to share in this wonderful experience!
