Been to this place a couple times now and I have to say that I'm impressed with the overall experience I've had every time. I have mixed feelings about asian fusion restaurants because some dishes are so good when prepared traditionally, that someitmes the fusion version just doesn't measure up. Anyways, here's the details on food, service, and venue: Short summary: Highly recommended, great food, lively ambience, but a bit loud and difficult to have a conversation with a group. But what can you expect from a restaurant that's really popular and hot right now. Food: Great selection, there's sushi, hot/cold apps, entre dishes, noodle dishes, and dessers. My recommendation is that you order a number of dishes and just eat family style. It's the best way to try everything. My favorite dishes so far: crispy brussel sprout salad, rock shrimp tempura, truffled tataki salmon and tuna sashimi, and buddha style grilled ahi tuna and pork salad. Also good, but not faves: filet mignon(served chopped with side of kim chi and other ban chans), pad thai, and miso glazed black cod. The truffled tataki sashimi is just awesome. If there is one thing on the menu that I had to pick as a must try, it would be the truffled tataki sashimi(both salmon and tuna). The combination of fish and truffle oil just washes over your tastebuds and leaves you feeling decadent and wanting more. One flavor doesn't over power the other and you just get a harmonious taste. The sashimi melts in your mouth and the truffle oil just gives it a nice luxurious finish. Superb dish. Service: Very nice service. I would say above average, but nothing like fine dining service. The servers I've had were very pleasant and knowledgeable about the menu. My water was always filled and the dishes were always cleared. There seemed to be a manager(maybe owner) that roamed the floor asking each table how they're doing. And he seemed to chat up some regulars that he knows, which was nice. He also helped me out when I coordinated a private dining event and one of my guests was vegetarian. He really did a great job in showing that guest their vegitarian options and adding it to our fixed menu. So I would say great service in the private dining section, and above average service in the general dining room. Venue: Heavily asian themed in decor, the restaurant is beautifully designed and layed out for every type of taste or group setting. It is very open floor concept, and it seems like each section takes on a different feel or mood. The restaurant has a big dining area that has a few sections. There is a sushi bar you can sit at, there's a fully bar right when you walk in, there are high tables near the bar and sushi bar for a more casual get together, there are many different sized tables on the main dining room floor, there is a glass wall that separtes a long dining table from the general dining room(semi-private), and there is a private room that can hold from 12-50 people on the second floor(private bar up there as well). The main dining room can get loud and I found it difficult to carry a conversation with more than 1 person at a time. That would be the only complaint I have.
