Ambiance was nice- just like any other Chicago steakhouse. The first thing I noticed was the sizzling plates like they have across the street at Ruth's Chris...Though the plates aren't as buttery! Anyway- we get to our table... We start of with a bottle of Buehler (spelling?!) as I'm trying to expose myself to red wine, as I usually only drink white. The bread basket they bring out is amaze! You don't even need to add butter- it was all just so yummy! I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer and the fish was so good- although some slices were a little too chewy... It was served with a white dill sauce, capers, diced red onions, and tiny pickles were on the side, as well as some mini buttery toasted bread like crackers...It was sooooo yummy! I had to stop myself from eating the whole platter by myself... I could sit at the bar, eating that and sipping Martini's and be in temporary heaven! I pushed it away as my belly fills fast and ordered a 12 oz filet, with bearnaise sauce and garlic mashed potatoes... As usual and expected, sides are served a la carte, and the portions were beyond huge! Next time I will try the Gorgonzola (sp?!) Mac & Cheese... I would have given Mastro's 5 full stars but their bearnaise sauce sucked! :( Totally almost ruined my meal...But the steak, served meduim rare was cooked to perfection! Yummmmmmmmm! A fat girls dream! Although I'm skinny! The petite filet would have been a better option as I had a little under half of my steak left over, my eyes are clearly bigger than my tummy! I did want to try the spicy mango salad (?) So maybe next time...I also didn't check out the dessert menu because I was just way tooo full! In this case the smoked salmon platter was totally delectable and the highlight of the meal! Don't worry about price when you come here, go into it knowing you are about to spend close to $400! Skip out on lunch, looking forward to enjoying the party that is going to occur in your mouth for dinner! I didn't get to scope out the tab, but I assure you it was double what a party of 2 would pay across the street at Ruth's Chris.
