I've been here three times. The first time I went to the bar and enjoyed their bar menu and a couple of drinks. The food was yummy and they had a decent selection for bar food. The bar tender was super friendly and made my fianc and I feel very comfortable even though were the only ones at the bar. The 2nd time we went it was for our anniversary. We got steak and shared asparagus. The fried calamari to start (get this!). Some wine and a couple of cocktails later and we left very satisfied. I realize that this may not be the most top notch steak house or have super unique selections like others but the service here outdoes every other steakhouse in the city - hands down. Our waiter was kind and patient and friendly. The perfect balance of attention and giving us our space. The third time we went was because we got a buy one get one free entree coupon. The buy one get one includes steak of course so we had to go back. Our third time was by far our best experience. Our waiter was perfect. I got the buttery tender filet mignon and my fianc got a dry aged steak. We shared grilled veggies and started with the melt in your mouth, super savory and rich calamari. A drizzle of lemon atop really cuts the grease and makes this an A+ starter. We ordered a bottle of Gordon Brothers cab. So delicious. By the time we were finished with our meal (it took quite a while and we were not rushed one bit) one of the bus boys took our plates and another came by and set in front of us a yummy chocolaty dessert - the Chocolate Terrine. We did not order this and looked up at our waiter as he nodded at us from across the room to indicate that he ordered the dessert for us - gratis. So we dug in. Super rich and creamy chocolate heaven. A bit of the bitter rich chocolate with a small dab of the berry sauce it's served with was the perfect balance of bitter, sweet and tart. Our waiter then came to us once we were done indulging in his gift and said that he figured we'd appreciate the dessert. He looked to my fianc and said, "A man who orders such a fine steak and a fine wine would appreciate this dessert. I thought you had to have it." Needless to say we left and HUGE tip and plan on returning.
