BYOB The service was very nice, attentive, informative and not intrusive. The decor was interesting in the 4 seasons patio---including vintage typewriter, vintage sewing machine, vintage telephone, and vintage suitcases, murals, and 2 fires---one on a flat screen TV & one below that was electric or gas. Very casual. The husband and I went on a Monday night, sleeting and messy and very cold out.  The menu focused primarily on red meat---beef and pork, but there were some vegetarian, chicken, shrimp, and fish options. We shared a chicken tamale. It was unique in that the masa was sweetish. There were few chunks of chicken, but all in all it was OK. We won't order it again. My husband ordered the chicken dinner which came with white rice, black beans, sweet plantains. Half of the dinner came home with us in a box. The chicken breast was pounded very thinly and grilled. He said that it was very good. I ordered the garlic shrimp specialty dinner which came with white rice, black beans, sweet plantains. The husband ate my sweet plantains (maduros) and enjoyed them immensely, so I guess they're good. Personally, I don't care for them. The black beans were delicious and when mixed with the white rice, could almost make a meal by themselves. There were 7 shrimp on my plate, lucious, tender and about 2-3 bites each. Very nicely seasoned with a delicious buttery garlic sauce that I mixed with the rice to eat. For dessert, we shared the last guava pastelito freshly made that day in house. It was VERY buttery, definitely not heart healthy. The food was very good, but because there are so few options for me to eat (basically none), and the prices are a bit high for two retirees, we probably will not make a special trip back to 90 Miles Cuban Cafe. However, if you can eat rich food, enjoy full flavors, and a casual environment, this is a good place to go for good food, bring some beer or wine and some good company and prepare to enjoy yourself! Quite a few people agree with me because the room was busy though not full on a cold, miserable weather Monday night and there was a line waiting for take out orders when we left.
