Just a heads-up--you won't get a meal at Alinea--you get an EXPERIENCE. That's really the best way to describe it.  Starting from the minute you enter the unmarked double doors, followed by walking down the long hallway lit my warm red lights (reminiscent of a fashion runway) to the hidden door that magically opens as you walk by it (a la Get Smart). And that's just the entrance! You'll be greeted by a warm, knowledgeable, and FRIENDLY staff ready to attend to your every dining whim and answer any of your curiosities.  Now, for the food! 20 courses of delight--best 3 1/2 hours of dining I've ever had. First up, a trio of edible "shots"--Lemon, Apple, and Squash flavors. Then golden trout roe on top of coconut mousse and pineapple foam with a licorice sauce. Next up, a shrimp stick eaten with your hands and dipped in Miso mayo. Right next to it was a take on Vietnamese "chao tom"--compressed sugar cane flavor + shrimp and mint. Monochromatic "white dish"--halibut with black pepper (bleached white), vanilla, and lemon. Apple with horseradish and celery juice...in a shot glass...culminating in a liquid explosion in your mouth! Now we get to some really interesting stuff--a rabbit trio (parfait, rillettes, consomm) served in an egg shaped babushka. That means the parfait was on the top layer, the rillettes (with blood sausage) on the middle layer, and the consomm as the bottom layer. A-MA-ZING. Next, I smelled smoke. What is burning?? Ah, the staff bring out burning oak leaves! And somewhere in that mix sits a scrumptious pheasant dumpling with green grape and walnut nestled inside. Now it's time to use our hands to play with food: ravioli skin + short ribs + olives + blackberry + smoked sea salt = the bomb! Next is a shot of cold potato, black truffle, and butter. Following that is a "pigeonneau"--that's squab prepared foie gras style and resting on top of a puff pastry--DELISH! But my FAVORITE dish of the night had to be the Black Truffle "explosion" with hint of romaine and parmesan. Let me tell you, after eating this, everyone at my table took a moment of silence to savor what they just experienced. It was THAT good. No joke. Now that we've worked our way through the savory dishes, it's time to "warmup" to dessert by consuming a pineapple and ham infused crisp (tastes like the best Hawaiian pizza you'd have), butterscotch and apple flavored smoked bacon, and a caramel popcorn "shot". OUT. OF. THIS. WORLD. If that wasn't enough, now on to the REAL dessert: Earl Grey shortbread mixed with lemon curd, pine nuts, and caramelized white chocolate. Bubble Gum "straw" with tapioca balls that you suck right out of the straw! To Finish, a fantastic chocolate dish with blueberry, honey, and peanut that just sets the mood right for the end of the night. And to boot, the staff took us on a tour of the 2-story, 3-dining room, space and, of course, I couldn't resist picking up Chef Grant Achatz's cookbook.  If you couldn't tell by now, this dining EXPERIENCE blew my mind--the best I've had so far! I can't recommend Aliena enough if you happen to be in Chicago. Or you could do what I did and book your flight to Chicago around a successful reservation to Alinea. Trust me, it's worth every dollar (and you'll spend a lot of dollars here). Alinea does not disappoint. I wish I could eat here every night.
