Wow! Second best restaurant I have ever dined at. This was the third attempt at dining at Alinea. Our first two had to be cancelled due to last minute work conflicts. So when the event finally came, we were stoked. Be warned, there is no sign that we could see. We drove past the place twice without finding it. Finally we saw the valet sign and voila, we were in! The entrance is a little spooky. It is a dark corridor that tapers narrower the deeper in you go. We crept our way through the dark to the end and a sliding door a la Star Trek silently opened beside us and an immaculately dressed man greeted us warmly. Very spooky indeed. We were immediately let upstairs to our gigantic table for two in a sparsely decorated room that could be on the cover of Wallpaper magazine. The main decoration were these space age lillies in glass vases with the Japanese rock embellishments. The colors were all soothing browns and mauves to tone down the off white linens. And guess what? The linens were actually MADE OUT OF LINEN! Not cotton, not silk, not satin, but LINEN. What a nice touch.There was nothing but the linens adorning the table. The wine menu was like a work of bloody Russian realist ficiton, with 600 or more protaganists, all of them larger than life itself (most north of $80 per bottle). I was a little too peckish and thirsty to read part one of War and Peace so we just ordered what the Sommelier suggested - a champagne cocktail made by mixing a boutique Champagne with just a smidge of sweet dessert wine. Delicious. The Sommelier pushed the wine pairings option, which he describes as painstakingly matched to each course, and rather than making a Tolstoyan effort at the wine list I decided to submit to our Sommelier's will. The meal: 14 courses, all small, many bite-sized, but in whole just a little too much food (which to me is the perfect amount) Every dish was both a work of Art, and a work of Science - in particular, a work of Chemistry. From the octopus nestled in a pillow of papaya with a spoon for a bed, suspended above a bowl of warmed, coconut-infused soy milk , to the black truffle juice someow stuffed to tightly into a ravioli that it literally explodes into your mouth when you bite it (if you are not careful you spew it all over your date) -- this meal is the yin and yang of dining. Most of the courses are really beyond description, and many of the flavor combinations I have never seen before - think bacon with butterscotch; brie or avocado ice-cream; chocolate and lemongrass; apple and horseradish -- get the picture? The amazing thing is, it all works. Plus every course has a science gimmick -- such as your plate sitting on a pillow that has been filled with lavender scented air so that as you eat the weight of the pillow pushes the air out for you to smell with your food; or a licorice cake that is somehow perfectly skewered on a flexible metal rod that somehow suspends just before your cake-hole, so that you can just stick your face into it and have at it, reminding you of the good old caveman days before knives and forks; or like the magical chocolate ball that sat innocently in its bowl until the waiter poured hot white chocolate milk onto it and the top half (AND ONLY THE TOP HALF) of the ball melted away, revealing a cross-section of outer chocolate crust, a molten white chocolate lava mantle, and a chocolate brownie core. How the hell do they DO these things??? Service was almost on the casual side, as the jocular waiters encouraged us to chow down on the licorice cake, and use our fingers to rip into the bacon and butterscotch, but at that place it works. The Sommelier did not dissapoint - the parings were indeed perfectly matched. But that brings me to why I don't like wine pairings. There are always a bubbly course, two to three white wine courses, two red wine courses and one or two sweet wine courses. Well, call me caveman, but I generally would rather have like eight bubbly courses or maybe eight red courses, or maybe four and four. I don't like sweet wine much, and some white wines I just find boring. So next time I will skip the pairing and instead I'll just get mediaeval on the 600 bottle wine list. Finally, I wish there was some kind of music, even if it was almost imperceptable music. A piano, a string section, something. The restaurant was packed but it was so quiet you could hear the waiters at the other tables, and you could hear everyone else's conversations. So it made us self-conscious of our conversations. If I'm going to drop $600 for two people for dinner, I don't want to feel embarrassed when I get loosened up and start telling my date about my Joan Jett fetish... Other nice touches -- replacing the LINEN napkin with a new one every time you go to the rest room, a different type of bread with each course, custom made dinnerware designed around each course, and at the end they bring you the printed menu for a keepsake. A+
