The Strategies and Methodologies for Consuming a Meal at Fogo de Chao. My brother and I make a semiannual trip to Fogo every year, usually for special occasions, and have been doing so for the past 5 years or more. Over that time, I have developed a strategy to maximize the value of my experience and meal. The first thing to remember when enjoying a meal at Fogo is to skip the salad bar entirely. You don't win friends with salad. Oh sure, sure, it is an impressive bar, and on my first couple of visits I was taken in by the colorful array of vegetables, and tricked myself into thinking that by consuming a salad with this meal I was somehow being "healthy" or "balanced." There is nothing healthy or balanced about a meal at Fogo de Chao. Furthermore, there is nothing sane about it either. The salad bar is full of a wide variety of delicious and impressive ingredients. Visit it if you must, but remember, every bite of spinach takes up space that could be occupied by Parmesan covered pork. The bread they offer, on the other hand, is light, bite sized and delicious. And while it has the potential of filling you up on non-meat substances, enjoying one or two will not make too much of an impact on one's gastro-capacity. Once you flip your card to green, alerting the hospitable staff of silly-trousered servers to begin bombarding you with delicious meats of all species and temperatures, the real fun begins. They will deliver conservative portions of mashed potatoes, fried polenta, and plantains - all of which are wonderful - but as with all non-meat items, have the potential to rob space from the more valuable meat-items. It is incumbent for every patron of Fogo de Chao to please, for the mother of all things sacred, pace yourself. Never have more than three pieces of meat on your plate at once. Do not be afraid to ask a server for a specific item. As a matter of fact, be sure to request specific items, as they will come to you before anyone else when they exit the kitchen, ensuring that the portion you receive is as fresh and hot as can be. Be sure to enjoy ample portions of the fillet and chicken breast wrapped in bacon, the Parmesan pork, and the garlic covered beef. Of course, just about everything they offer on the menu is amazing, and I couldn't be more enthusiastic as I write this review. I have never had a bad experience at Fogo de Chao, and never had the slightest reason to complain. Everyone on the staff went above and beyond to ensure that we had a tremendous and gluttonous experience. Go hungry. Leave full.
