This review is only for the duck dinner, because I've been here three times and that's all I've ever eaten. My first two visits involved me ditching my family and hitting Sun Wah for Christmas dinner with my friends. It was worth all the huff I endured from my mother. This most recent time was for my one year dating anniversary. What Sun Wah lacks in romantic atmosphere, it makes up for in deliciousness. And BYOBness. Sun Wah takes reservations and if you want the duck, they're required - you have to order it a day in advance. For Christmas we ordered one duck for every 3 people and that was about perfect. For the two of us we were able to take home leftovers (that the boyfriend snagged...he's lucky he's cute.) As far as ambiance goes at Sun Wah, there isn't much. It's one giant room with tables and sound bounces everywhere. Particularly when that sound is a shrieking child. Of which there were several. Each of the times I was there servers were quick and attentive, even when the restaurant was slammed. They worked quickly to open wine bottles and take orders and the duck arrived at the table within minutes. The duck feast starts with your browned, crispy duck being wheeled over to the table on a cart and carved in front of you. The duck slices are plated at your table and served with bao, hoisin sauce, daikon and garnish. This is my favorite of the duck courses and I always polish off a truly embarrassing number of bao (Fortunately, you can ask the servers to bring more. I always do, though there is a charge.) The next two courses are duck soup (not my favorite - to me it's really watery and bland) and either duck fried rice or duck fried noodles. The rice is the standard - if you want noodles you have to be sure to tell your server up front. I've had both and of the two I prefer the rice, but they're both phenomenal. All of that goodness comes to you at the super reasonable price of $37/duck. The corkage fee is $5 per bottle for wine, but if you forget to BYOB, Sun Wah also has a full bar. I really, really like Sun Wah's duck dinner, and I don't even normally like duck. It's something you have to try at least once and seems like it would be a fun "Chicago-y" experience for out of town guests and hard to please parents. Maybe next year I'll suggest we move the family Christmas celebration there....
