After wanting to come here for a few years now, I finally ended up in the neighborhood with an hour to spare before an appointment I had nearby. I came here with my fiance on a Saturday at noon sharp, and was overwhelmed by the burgeoning capacity and it was evident this place was indeed a popular spot. The line began right as we entered and ran all the way to the counter. We were doubtful we would stick around because we did only have one hour and didn't want to waste it waiting in line. The place was like the craziest cafeteria I could imagine, reminiscent of my old high school days. However, this food looked much better than my old high school food, and fortunately the staff had the line moving quickly. We were seated after waiting maybe 5 minutes tops. I ordered three tacos for a puny $5 and my fiance ordered the enchiladas for a ridiculous $6. The food was delicious!! The tacos were a little on the greasy side but it didn't seem to matter because the steak was to die for. I tried some of the enchiladas and they too were great. The staff was extremely fast and friendly and we were out of there in time for our appointment with time to spare. The best part was that our entire lunch was only $13. I easily spend that much on myself alone at a lot of places that aren't as good as this. A small anecdote worthy of mention: As we were finishing our lunch, two guys walk into the area we were sitting in and one is carrying a metal bucket full of glass bottles of beer. A manager motions for their attention with concern in his face as if this was not allowed. The guy carrying the bucket pauses for a moment before heading to the manager, looking like a kid who just got scolded by an adult. The manager waves his finger at the guy, and then proceeded to turn around and obtain a huge scoop of ice from a bucket behind a bar and dump it into the bucket with the beer. They laughed and I laughed, it was great. This place is insane busy yet there is a very relaxed, orderly feeling to the whole thing. I would have rated this place 4 stars for the great food, but add the atmosphere and experience and I cannot rate this any lower than a 5.
