Fogo de Chao First Time Diner Guide: Parking: Their valet parking is $12 and there's a parking lot just across the street of the restaurant for $11, but we found street parking was the answer. On a Tuesday evening my wife and found a spot right away on Erie St. right next to Fogo and paid $7.50 for two hours. Dress code: Though the interior of the restaurant is classy, clean, and comfortable, the variety of persons eating is well mixed. People were on dates wearing suits and dresses, families were out for a nice meal in jeans and sweaters, and thuggy looking guys rolled in with backward caps and baggy pants. All were welcome. Food: The meal comes in two parts. First is the salad bar portion full of cold salads, breads, and cheeses. The second is the meat portion which comes with warm sides of polenta, rolls, mashed potatoes, and plantains. All are all you can eat. The salad bar is on the higher end with its various offerings. Greens, veggies, cheeses, and a few deli sliced meats are all accounted for. My advice is not to fill up too much on the first trip. It will be there for you later and filling up on potato salad and heavy cheeses may make your stomach wary of the meat cornucopia that awaits you. But don't forget the veggies. It became a nice break for me to grab another plate of fresh greens later when the carbs and meat were in full force. It was odd though that nothing in the salad bar was labled nor was there an employee to help me figure out what items were what. The abundance of meat is obviously the reason to come here. Various cuts cooked to your liking with no end in sight. The highlights were the filet, the bacon wrapped filet, and the chicken. I did notice throughout the evening though that not all the meats tasted like they were seasoned. And actually, besides the three meats I already mentioned, I wasn't really wowed by many of the meat varieties and could have used some steak sauce. But quanity beats out quality and it was still fun to eat my fill of protein not mattering if I've had better elsewhere. The sides were fine with the cheese rolls and sweet warm plantains as the stand outs. Service: All the employees are helpful, happy, and attentive and almost overwhelmingly so. Once you flip over that coin to green you will be bombarded by smiling workers offering you meats. One after another and they won't stop until they see red. Even though we were seated by one server he really wasn't "our" server and found that the whole floor is covered by several workers. Many times we were checked up on and it was a different person almost every time. The water glass is never empty and the side dishes are refilled without any asking. My wife mentioned to one employee she was a vegetarian and wouldn't be needing a plate for meat and a couple minutes later a different employee approached her offering grilled vegtables. Even when we recieved the bill and noticed a wrong charge on it we were given a delicious complimentary dessert because of the minor error. Really well done and the service is a main reason this visit was so enjoyable. Price: $25 a person for salad bar only. $50 a person for salad and meat. $2.99 for a coca-cola. Last tip: Go with someone who also eats meat. It will be more fun that way.
