I went with a little trepidation considering the no-reservation policy, but being a Wednesday night our wait was short. We sat down at the bar for a cocktail, and were seated a short 15 minutes later.  I tried their house-infused vodka, the day's flavor was watermelon mint- a steal at $5 (wednesday special), but I didn't love the flavor. The watermelon was barely distinguishable, and it slightly reminded me of sweet and sour mix. Thankfully, I am a sucker for a cheap drink so was able to somehow finish the drink. We were seated at a nice little two-top near the back of the restaurant, near the loudest women in the entire restaurant, possibly the entire city. I was initially disappointed about my inability to hear myself think, but eventually the din of the restaurant took over the cat-like screeches, and I was able to relax and take everything in. Overall, the set-up works. The tables are close, but not on top of each other. You can comfortably move throughout the restaurant without knocking a glass of wine off of someone's table with your derriere. I also like the light fixtures. Our waiter was great with recommendations, and allowed us to order at our own pace, which is great. He was a little slow to come back and check in, and we waited about 10 minutes with empty drinks, but when he came around he was chatty and helpful. Our food: 1) ricotta w/ honeycomb- perfect, cheap, and they will box it up to go if it's unfinished 2) truffle toast- I loved the asparagus with this dish- a slightly bitter, texturally snappy contrast to the cheesy toast 3) foccacia di recco- I was expecting fluffy doughy Roman style foccacia, but this was thinner, almost like a cornmeal pizza crust encasing some really delicious cheese. This is a large dish, which the price reflects 4) paccheri- small pasta dish (the waiter said about 5 oz.), tasty but not particularly memorable 5) pizza della fattoria- they love eggs in this place- an egg is cracked on top of the pizza when it comes out of the oven, so not for the faint hearted. The pizza has an array of other toppings, and the only thing that seemed a little out of place was the potatoes. Due to the egg, don't expect to take this one home. 6) We ordered the cheapest wine on the list, the Montepulciano D'Abruzzo-- it was good for me Walking out of here we were stuffed, and our pockets were a little lighter, although not much. We spent well below $100 for for 5 dishes and a bottle of wine- I thought it was a great value and a fun overall experience.
