During date day with the hubby one Saturday afternoon (08/22), we decided to stop by Publican for a mid-afternoon "snack". We called as we were on our way to ask if we needed a reservation (4pm), and were told that the reservations will full, but we could come by and they'd seat us as soon as possible. Ok fine. The hubby and I were desperate to try the spicy pork rinds, so we thought we'd wait however long we needed to. Well, upon arriving, the place was empty. Only a few seats at the bar taken and one other table. So much for reservations huh! Anyhow, decor first: obviously the Publican is going for a theme... that theme being a literal farm/pig pen. They even have "booths" that have pig pen doors to get in and out! Interesting, and unique. I like. Since we were too early for the dinner menu, we were given the limited afternoon menu, which was just fine. They have an extensive beer menu - we asked our server for suggestions, and were VERY happy with whatever it was he brought out for us (wheat for me, dark for the hubby). For our afternoon "snack", we ordered the spicy pork rinds, ham platter, half grilled chicken entree, and lamb pastrami sandwich. Let's start with the beloved pork rinds. They were the PERFECT snack to have with beers. They are cheesy, spicy, crackly, salty, porky deliciousness and were devoured quite quickly. Then came the ham platter... even included iberico ham. They definitely didn't skimp on the portion for this starter. There were 4 different types of hams, served with fresh slices of bread and butter (that had sea salt sprinkled on top). Mmmm. I thought I was in Spain. Then came our "entrees". The chicken dish was ok. It was roasted chicken and merguez sausage. The sausage was awesome, the chicken... I could make it at home... but good nonetheless. Also, the lamb pastrami sandwich. Can I just say that this may be one of the BEST SANDWICHES EVER!? It was an upscale version of a bahn mi sandwich, packed with pastrami, pickled veggies, cilantro, mint, spicy mayo... It had the perfect amount of each ingredient, and each flavor profile could be tasted individually and altogether. Truly, an absolutely delicious sandwich! So... if you have yet to try out Publican, I highly recommend stopping by during the early evening. Order a beer or two (or three), get the spicy pork rinds, ham platter and lamb pastrami sandwich and indulge in deliciousness for an hour or so. :)
