If I could only rate this a 6... Atmosphere The ambiance was low-lit, white tablecloths, definitely a good couple celebratory location. Bread They served 3 different kinds of bread on the table- a sort of brioche, parmasan crisps, and fresh pretzel rolls. The last one was my favorite. It came out piping hot and soft. Loved it. Drinks My husband ordered a Goose Island Matilda which you cant find at many bars and he was very pleased they had it. I hesitated to order the $18 chocolate martini because of the price but it was a special occasion so I splurged. They served it in a martini glass garnished with a chocolate covered strawberry. It had to be one of the best chocolate martinis I've ever had and on top of it the waitress was kind enough to leave the shaker on the table and topped the glass off whenever it got too low. Basically it wound up being the equivalent of two full glasses... well worth the $18. Appetizers We ordered the french onion soup which came served in a tin bowl with the best croutons and cheese on top. Very few french onion soups hold a candle to my own but this one... this one was amazing. Just enough beef flavor, not too salty. It was good.  After the soup we got something called the "Ahi Tuna Tostada". Have you ever had a bite of something and had to stop talking and close your eyes because you wanted to savor every bite? Food Network, are you listening? This was THE BEST THING I EVER ATE. Dear Chef at Mastros, thank you so much for this dish! :) Seriously I would love to go back to just sit at the bar and listen to live music with a chocolate martini and tuna tostada.  Dinner Both my husband and I ordered steak. I got the filet and my husband ordered the porterhouse. Both came out on steaming hot plates, and were cooked to perfection with flavor not too overpowering ... just right. The quality of the meat was absolutely incredible. Seriously the most tender steak I've ever eaten. We had a flock of servers (4 of them) helping serve the sides onto our sizzling hot plates. The sides we ordered were the garlic mashed potatoes (very good with the steak) and the Alaskan King Crab Black Truffle Gnocchi. I am a self-proclaimed Gnocchi Connoisseur, since I order it everywhere I go, and this one was one of the best. The crab was very noticeable and the flavor incredible, served in a cream sauce with asiago cheese and breadcrumb crust on top and when you get a bite of the truffle... so melt-in-your-mouth wonderful! Dessert For dessert they were kind enough to bring out a slice of their chocolate cake which had a personalized birthday message for my husband. The chocolate cake was made with frangelico and you could really taste it. It was served alongside with a generous serving of homemade whipped cream.  Seriously one of the best nights I had in a long time. Thank you! :)
