Deep dish pizza is synonymous with Chicago and it would truly be a tragedy of Shakespearean proportions if I ordered anything else..aka...thin crust. I heard through the grapevines that Gino's was the provider of a most succulent meat pie, therefore, our motley crew walked there on our first night there. We were greeted by a line that snaked into an alley. Lines=legendary place right? Even though there was a line, we were quickly seated. Our party of 7 was marched up to the third floor where we got to eat outside and had a beautiful view of Chicago. You can't help but notice that there is graffiti and tagging everywhere. I read some yelpers say that it was tacky. I loved it-knowing that you can scribble your name or whatever obscenity you like on a brick that will survive the test of time is pretty rad. We ordered the sausage deep dish and combo deep dish and it was pretty expensive...about 30 bucks a pie for 8 slices. However, there was a beer special and that made up for it. The pies were going to take 45 minutes so we ordered a plate of fries. I don't know if I was just hungry, as all I had that day was a bagel and some airplane peanuts but the fries were the best fries I've ever had. I will emphasize in caps: THE FRIES WERE THE BEST FRIES I'VE EVER HAD. I am sitting in my computer chair right now wishing I could fly to chicago for them. The deep dish pizzas finally came out and after our first bites and a pretentious and faux eye roll to the back of the head like "zomg i'm cumming", we shamefully agreed after that it wasn't even that great. We just said that for the sake of it being a supposedly legendary entity, much like the Loch Ness. It was like eating a pizza stacked upon another pizza stacked upon another pizza aka an incredibly thick pizza. It made me full for sure, but it was not what it was made out to be. Maybe it is because I am not a pizza connoisseur, however the general consensus of team bvu and friends was that it was alrite. If you go to the bars however, you can stock up on 3 dollar lemon drops and kamikazes. That always deserves a fist pump. The pizza was alrite however the fries were heavenly. Also, they are only 2 bucks for a huge platter. At the end, we dared to be rebels and tagged our names and various phrases on the lights upstairs. I think they will be washed tho....drats.
