The Hopleaf Bar is just a notch away from being seriously overrated. Ok, they have a nice beer selection, but so do a lot of places. The Hopleaf is special in the beer department because they have a wide range of microbrews and Belgians--better than most places I can think of inthe Belgians department--served up in appropriate barware by a knowledgeable staff. The Hopleaf also hosts interesting events ranging from readings hosted by Bookslut to academic presentations hosted by The Field Museum (!). Moving on: The cuisine is a sort of British gourmet collision. Good luck getting a table for dinner on anything approaching a weekend, and if you do get a table you'd better love meat (vegetarians beware). I've had some yummy meals here, but as soon as I find something I like the menu changes. And even if you're not vegetarian, you may get tired of the "put bacon on everything" philosophy that sometimes reigns. As for the front barroom, it can be nice and boisterously enjoyable or it can simply be a serious madhouse. (My favorite Hopleaf incident: I went to the bathroom and while I was away for all of 30 seconds the marginal 40-something woman next to me took my newspaper and SAT ON IT, and when I asked for it back she said "Get another one, they're free," and I should add that I had left my paper on my seat with my coat . . . anyway, she begrudgingly returned it and it was SOAKING WET! And then she complained to some stupid guys that I had bothered her, and they asked her if she wanted them to kick my ass! God, am I at Nick's Beergarden or something? Ugh.) Bartenders can be hit or miss. One, when I asked him to recommend a good beer, bellowed, "YOU MEAN YOU WANT ME TO PICK OUT A BEER FOR YOU? SO YOU'RE TELLING ME I CAN PICK ANYTHING AND YOU WON'T COMPLAIN?" Another things that I don't care for is the lack of table service in the front room. One the one hand, the Hopleaf seems to be a sophisticated beer-scholar's paradise where imbibing is taken with the utmost seriousness; on the other, it seems to be a wannabe proletarian's hangout where you have to fight through three layers of people to order a beer. It seems incongruous to fight through a pack of oblivious goofballs while holding a fancy goblet of uber-beer you had to wait in line to order. Despite its best efforts, the Hopleaf always strikes me as one step away from being what I call "bought and paid for." It just doesn't feel authentic in any human way to me. I can't find the Hopleaf's soul, and I don't know if it has one beyond the insular world of its employees. It is a good place to be for a bit and then move on from. Not quite bad, but not quite good. Truly fair-to-middlin'. The reviewer who called this "the Coldplay of bars" hit the nail on the head for me, if you know what that person is getting at.
