Don't ask me how many years I've been coming to Caro Mio and bringing new people here . . . I've lived in the neighborhood over 10 years, and I can hardly remember a time I didn't have Caro Mio just a few blocks away. Many, many good things to say . . . it's BYOB, and there is no corkage fee. Last night we brought two small bottles for the two of us; no fee. At a nearby table with 5 women, I counted 8 bottles; no fee. The entrees terrific. Last night we shared pasta; papardelle in a mushroom sauce, and capellini in carbonara. We just about swooned. My friend said her papardelle might be the best she's ever had. I've never felt rushed here. . . and let me tell you, me and friends have lingered. I've sat there with one friend, a bottle of wine, and eaten over the course of 3, even 3 1/2 hours. We never ever get pushed or encouraged to leave. The staff is great. Would you believe they remember my name? And I'm only semi-employed, have been for a while, so I'm not in there so often. They remember - where have you been, belissima? Unbelievable. The atmosphere is beautiful, low lighting but not so low you can't read the menu. And the acoustics are excellent - I've been in there when the restaurant is completely packed, conversation at every table, and I can still hear everything my companions are saying, and I don't have to raise my voice even the tiniest bit to be heard. Given all this, why am I not giving it a 5-star review? the only thing that stops me - and stops me from coming more often - the prices. Now, as a former restaurant worker, I know that alcohol is marked up 300%, even 400%, and that provides a huge profit to restaurants. So, a BYOB restaurant like Caro Mio has to make its money off the food. (Even more remarkable that they've never made me feel rushed.) But I've seen spaghetti with aglio e olio go, over the years, from $8.95 to $14.95 (current). And that's the cheapest pasta you can get. It's really good, lots of garlic, and the kitchen happily adds more garlic for me, but is it really $15 of pasta? In these economic times, and in my economic situation, it's hard for me to get past that. So, I've never had the "rushed" experience that other yelpers have written about, and in all the years of going there, not once have I, or any of my companions, done less than rave about the food. I know if I figure in the cost of buying wine at another Italian restaurant, the cost per person would be higher than a BYOB meal at Caro Mio. It's just a bit of a hard sell.
