Went here for my girlfriend's birthday and it was really good. It was a Tuesday and standard Chicago cold outside, so less people there than usual I assume. We made reservations on OpenTable and when we arrived they gave us the option of sitting near the window or a booth in the back. He also saw a nice corner booth being cleared, so he offered that too. Very nice in my opinion, especially at such a high class place. We're both Vietnamese, so it was funny looking at all of the items on the menu and seeing how our respective moms would kill us for paying such prices for things they can make for "cheaper and better". The prices were actually not as high as I thought they would be though. Avg main dish price is about $17-$25 and the appetizer dishes were around $10. But to be clear, this was the most expensive Vietnamese meal we have ever eaten to date (which isn't saying much considering Uptown/Argyle is pretty inexpensive). Anyways, the food was very tasty and good. We started with the Pho and Crab soup (around $6.50 per bowl). Pho was in a smaller bowl then a usual bowl of pho would be in, but it was really good. The beef was very tender and the broth tasted amazing. The crab soup was also good. Next up was Goi Bo (beef salad) and Bun Uot (beef wrapped in rice noodle). The salad was freaking amazing. The beef, once again, was so tender and flavorful and coupled with the different types of greenery, it hit the spot. The spiciness of the sauce was amazing too. Definitely a must have if you go there and like spice. The bun uot was also good, but we had just eaten something like it the night before at my parents house......so we weren't as taken by it. Finally, we split a main course which was the beef and shrimp tomato rice pilaf plate. 2 decent sized pieces of beef and about 3 jumbo shrimps all on tomato rice pilaf and more greenery. The beef was amazing once again, and the shrimps were cooked perfectly. The rice was pretty good, but not as flavorful and/or spicy as we had wished.  All in all, a very good meal even if our parents would kill us for the price we paid for Vietnamese food. From all of the dishes, it is definite that they know how to season and cook their beef. I'd want to try some more seafood if we go back again, but those beef dishes were to die for.  Also, the place itself was cozy and quiet. Service was amazing and my water never got below half way. The food came out at perfect times, and the plates were cleared very quickly and with a smile. We are looking forward to going back there again (probably on Wednesday night which is date night where you get 1 appetizer, 2 main dishes, and a dessert for $20/person).
