By far my favorite brunch spot. I've only had one miss here so far and I've had many items on the menu. Peeky Toe Crab Benedict - I fell in love with this. It is very heavy but delicious.  Duck Egg Hash - This is one of their most popular brunch dishes. I thought the potatoes and eggs were amazing. Not a huge fan of duck unless it is masked a bit by a mole sauce or salsa in tacos. This is a very strong duck dish. I wouldn't order this one but I still think it is good. Deconstructed PIg's Head Reuben - Really tasty and a satisfying but lighter dish. For L&E. I do wish that this was less deconstructed and put together like a real open faced sandwich. It adds nothing to put the dressing, sauerkraut and salad on the side of the sandwich imo. Just put them on the top instead of making me put it up there. Maybe that helps them plate it in advance though. Market Omelette - Besides having my favorite breakfast potatoes in the world on it, the omelette itself sucks. It is a different take because the omelette egg is as thin and smooth as a crepe but I found the egg lacked flavor and so did the veggies and cheese inside. Fried Chicken and waffles - Really good, large but perfect amount of fried chicken. Burger - so good! If you can't decide, the burger is always there for you and won't disappoint. Croque Madame - so tasty. If you want to indulge, this is a good option. Sausage, eggs, potatoes and PBR breakfast - simple but good. L&G flavors still get out. Sausage has a nice spice to it, eggs are cooked well, and the breakfast potatoes. They are usually just filler at most brunch places but I could almost be happy with just eating the potatoes here. Yeah, I know. Who needs potatoes when there is delicious meat around....But these are the only potatoes I could actually finish the whole portion of. Usually I just pick at one or two and abandon at other brunch spots. Really want to try the mac and cheese, prawns and grits, deconstructed clam chowder and whole hog crepinette. Drinks are great as well. I usually get the bloody maria. Whiskey list is impressive and inexpensive. Great beer list as well. Service is great. I have never waited longer than 25 minutes for a table and always get my food very quickly here. I have no idea how they do it, entrees wizz out of the kitchen but are cooked well. They must have some system where they are able to preplate parts of their dishes - before individuals order them. Don't know how they get it out to you so quickly and cooked so perfectly. I will say that my potatoes were a little cold one time though. Burn! Caught ya, L&E. Now get rid of that awful omelette. Is that just on there because you hate vegetarians? I sat at the bar once waiting for a table next to a guy from NYC who always stops off here when he is in town. Convenient if you are flying from O'Hare. He thinks the place is so crazy good and inexpensive it is a joke. He let me sip his whiskey which was $12 there but he said would be $25 in NYC. He also offered to let me taste the crepinette which I probably should have taken him up on but I didn't. He thinks the chef is playing some kind of joke with the pricing. He pretty much thinks they are giving it away for free. While remembering that most things in Manhatten are usually double the price, I think that sums up the L&E experience. It is the best bang for your buck in Chicago.
