The first time we went here there was over an hour wait so we decided to go else where. On our second attempt we made sure to get here a lot earlier since this place does not take reservations. I was super excited to try the food here since I had heard many great things about it & I am a new fan of tapas-style restaurant & The Purple Pig did not disappoint. We ordered: -Salt-roasted beets with whipped goat cheese & pistachio vinaigrette- I ordered this dish as per the recommendations by yelp users. I have to say I don't particularly like beets, but I loved this dish. Whoever thought to use the pistachio vinaigrette on this dish is a genius. -Eggplant Caponata with Goat Cheese- this was my boyfriend's favorite of the items we ordered. He isn't a big fan of eggplant, but this dish (& my ordering skills) made him a believer. -Calamari with Fregola, Radishes, Cucumbers & Pistachios- Kind of embarrassing, but I have never had non-fried calamari before! I hate over cooked calamari it tends to get super chewy (gross) - but this was cooked perfectly. -Burrata Pugliese, Acorn Squash, Portobello Mushrooms & Balsamic- I love cheese and burrata is great= delicious! -Coppa with Provolone Cheese, Pickled Cherry Peppers & Creole Mustard- this was probably my least favorite of the dishes we ordered. It was just okay & we had a lot of food left over so we probably shouldn't have ordered it, but everything sounded great & we went a bit overboard :/ The wine selection is extensive. My boyfriend ordered our wine so I'm not sure what I was drinking, but I do know it was quite good. I also loved the atmosphere. Loud, but intimate at the same time, my kind of place. The service was great, however mid-meal our waitress disappeared. So we asked a waiter what had happened to our waitress & if she didn't like us anymore since she didn't end up coming back. Apparently her shift had ended so we were given a new waiter, who was super friendly and attentive, but it would have been nice if someone had told us. All in all I definitely recommend trying this place out, just make sure you come early or be prepared to wait.
