4-1/2 stars. I took my hubby here for his birthday today - we both agreed it was a great choice! Thanks to advice from Yelpers, we got here by 4:30 p.m. and were 1st in line. Very excited as we had a Rick Bayless sighting - he was working with his staff at his new place XOCO (check out menu online - can't wait to try it!). After a pleasant wait enjoying the fab weather and chatting with other Bayless fans, we were invited in promptly at 5:00, given a pager and scored 2 seats at the bar. Wasn't sure how long the wit would be, so we ordered the pork empanadas to go along with our beers. We were happily surprised when our pager when off after 15 mins and we were shown to a lovely table for 2.  We were very impressed with the service throughout - our waiter (tall fellow) was exremely pleasant and helpful with descriptions of the menu (which just changed) and paced the meal very well. The busboy was also very efficient and friendly. We never felt rushed even though the place was pretty full and lots of people were waiting in the bar area. For the most part, the food was awesome. Do not go here expecting typical Mexican restaurant portions - this is all about quality not quantity. The food is sophisticated and high quality. We started with the pork empanadas which featured a smoky pork filling and crispy exterior that contrasted nicely with the avocado sauce and tangy watercress salad. We also had the ceviche trio. Loved the presentation in little martini style glasses. While they were all good, the Ceviche de Atun "Chamoy": sashimi-quality Hawaiian ahi tuna tossed with crunchy jicama and tangy, fruity, spicy red chile-apricot chamoy salsa. was a standout. We'll definitely get a larger portion of this on a return visit. For entrees, I had the seafood of the day - a grilled swordfish with veracruz sauce. The fish was moist, flavorful, with a nice grilled taste. It was accompanied by disappointing mash (very watery not creamy) and pickled green beans and carrots that were al dente but spicy. Hubby had the special - very tender shredded suckling pig served with tasty black beans and fresh tortillas on the side. Beware the hot sauce served with this dish - it was super hot - but we were warned! We were determined to try dessert - even tho we wer pretty full. Wish we had followed the waiter's advice and ordered the choc/raspberry tart but went for the caramel custards which were a bit weak. I have had better flan in run of the mill Mexican joints. Coffee was very good though so I was not unduly disappointed. Overall an excellent experience that we will repeat. If you go, plan ahead and go early to avoid the frustration of long lines. No food is worth a 2 hour wait imo.
