This is the first churrascaria I have ever been to and I was totally blown away. The restaurant is beautiful - it's massive in size and lavish in dcor with a warm and inviting atmosphere. I immediately loved the color scheme of rich rustic red. We were seated in the middle of the dining room, right in front of the huge salad area and the wine room, which is really more like a glass wine wall! Inside, a woman in a black leotard tumbled around on a wire system getting bottles of wine while doing flips and spins, even stopping at one point to wave and smile at us. I had never seen anything like it. The service was impeccable, from our main server to the meat carvers to the managers who stopped by our table to check in on us. While we were never left unattended when needed, the service was not overkill, which is very important to me. Then there was the food - lots and lots of it. We started at the salad and sushi bar and I loaded up on everything from California rolls, to marinated mushrooms, to lobster bisque. I even made room on my plate for some of the hot dishes, my favorite being the potatoes au gratin and a delicious bean and sausage stew. I worked hard to pace myself, but it was not easy because everything was so tasty. Once I turned my table card from red to green (signaling that I was ready to begin indulging in the meats) the craziness truly began. I was offered each of their 14 meats, each from a different gauchos and each with different preparations of that meat. My personal favorites were the brazilian sausage, which was incredibly flavorful and the picanha, a juicy and tender cut of steak, which I was told is their house specialty. The pork loin, ribs and filet mignon wrapped in bacon will also not soon be forgotten. Even as the three of us could barely move after this feast, we couldn't turn down the desserts that our server showed us - we ordered three of the desserts from their huge selection, with the signature papaya crme being our favorite. It was like custard with papaya juice and some sort of liqueur on top - deliciously refreshing and unique. Before leaving we did one last wrap around of the space, walking past the wine artist to see her perform a last set of flips down the wine room. We left very full and happy. This was not just a meal out, it was an experience. I would recommend it to anyone and plan on going back as soon as possible.
