If you have not yet been to Shaw's Crab House, get here now!  We decided to make Shaw's our Valentine's Day dinner destination in 2010 and we were so impressed with the restaurant, the service and - of course - the food! We made reservations and were whisked away to a table in the back, more formal dining room for our romantic dinner. The tables are not close enough together to ruin the mood, which was really nice since there was a somewhat large group dining near us.  The service was fantastic. Consistently attentive and very, very friendly throughout the meal. She even made wine recommendations, which I appreciated. Our server was around when she needed to be and gone when she didn't, which you all know is a must for me when it comes to servers (if you read any of my previous reviews, anyway). Check came quickly when requested and we were able to move onto our cocktail destination swiftly after dinner. The food was absolutely fabulous. We started our meal with the classic Shrimp Cocktail and it was super chilled and fresh. We both even complimented the appetizer because it was some of the freshest seafood we had ever had! The nice chill of the shrimp went really well with the subtle spice of the cocktail sauce - I really loved it. We almost ordered a second one just because it was so good!  We both decided on Filet Mignon for our entrees (weird - I know - at a seafood restaurant) but we were both really happy with our choices. I ordered the Filet Mignon with crumbled bleu cheese and it was melt in your mouth delicious. The Filet was cooked exactly as I had asked - a perfect medium and the bleu cheese added a really great kick of melty salty flavor that made this steak excellent. My fiance opted for the traditional Filet and said it was excellent. Cooked exactly as he had ordered it was perfect all by itself. The sides were served family style and replenished when we had gobbled up all of the mashed potatoes (yum!).  I would highly, highly recommend coming here for a nice night out or for an evening of entertaining out-of-town guests. Everything about our experience here was excellent and I really look forward to coming back in the future to try some of their crab!
