If you want a quiet, upscale place to have brunch, then you definitely need to check out Zed451. I've been hearing about how great this place is for brunch and every now and then I need a break from the "same-old, same-old," and I want to don a nice outfit instead of peeling my jeans off the bedroom floor and heading out to nearby diner for Sunday brunch. This isn't the kind of place that you're likely to go often for brunch, that is, unless you enjoy spending $29 for all-you-can-eat brunch on the regular. Add in a couple of bloody marys or mimosas, tax/tip, and you're looking at $50/person. We purposely timed our visit so that this all-you-can-eat extravaganza would be our only meal that day, so, not too early that we'd be hungry later and not too late that we'd starve all morning either. Instead we eased into it, starting with mimosas and bloody marys, both specially priced at a reasonable $5 for the bloody and $3 for the mimosa. The mimosa was in fact cheaper than just ordering a glass of fresh-squeezed oj, which was priced at $4. The mimosa could have used a touch more champagne because it was kind of weak, but for $3, I couldn't really complain, especially when the juice was so fresh and delicious. The bloody mary was pretty spicy and came with a skewer of salami, peppa dew pepper, and a big chunk of maple cajun bacon (which I'll rave about later). These were both first-rate brunch drinks, and priced to sell. And sell they did. I lost count of how many I had. The server came by and gave us the spiel of how everything worked (which is pretty much the same as every other Brazilian steakhouse on the planet). They bring you a few items from the kitchen and you're free to start grazing at the harvest table, which features cheeses, fruit, charcuterie, salads, duck confit potatoes, panettone French toast, and lots of other stuff I'm probably forgetting. But suffice it to say that there's plenty of stuff. But don't go crazy and overload your plate; you'll want to save room for all that's going to come. We were brought out cinnamon rolls in a little skillet (so cute), a mini tomato-basil frittata, corned beef hash with poached eggs, and maple-cajun bacon. All of it was great, but the frittata really stood out --it was more souffle-like than any frittata I've had; they probably used more egg whites than yolks, but whatever they did it was fantastic. The poached egg was perfect (no easy feat if you ask me) and the hash was nice and chunky (I hate when it's the consistency of baby food). There are really no words that can adequately describe the maple cajun bacon. It was crisp, it was sweet, it was spicy, it was made of all that's good in the world. I've been dreaming of that bacon for three days. Next you move on to the meat-a-palooza. Instead of discs or chips that you flip over when you're ready, their thing is rocks. You set the rock next to your plate which is the signal for the meat fest to begin. Before long, little meat fairies began to appear at our table, bearing gifts. Linguica sausage, ranch-dressing marinated bottom sirloin (it sounded weird to me too at first but it was really good), perfectly roasted turkey breast with cranberry sauce, bourbon glazed ham, crabcake benedict, and my favorite, the buffalo chicken and waffles. Everything was terrific and we ate until we could eat no more. And we drank until our heart's content. Service was a bit of a mixed bag. On one hand, the meat fairies were mostly fun and engaging --when you could track them down, but on several occasions, they passed right by our table without stopping to see if we wanted any of their offerings (and believe you me, we did), so we had to be a little aggressive in order to be able to try everything. Our main server was good, but she probably could have sold us at least another round of drinks if she'd been watching our table better. Overall, it was a great brunch and I'll for sure go back. Again, it's not a "regular" brunch spot (unless you're a baller), but for special occasions or when you just want to "change it up," it's more than worth it. 3.5 stars.
