I love Rick Bayless, and I love gourmet Mexican food. Frontera was a pioneer of this cuisine in America, and I am appreciative of the restaurant's importance. I hate to admit that I thought it was just average. When it comes to Mexican food, I love Rosario's in San Antonio, Condesa in Austin or Red Iguana in Salt Lake City. Their portions are reasonable, the dishes are creative, and the food is amazing. Like Border Grill in Los Angeles, I found Frontera to not excel at any of these. We ordered a rather expensive appetizer trio, but the portions were so small that we consumed the entire platter in less than 3 bites a person. I know ... I know ... I'm supposed to say, "Aren't those taquitos so small and so cute, and that bite just explodes with flavor." Baloney. I don't need lots of food, but I do like to feel that I got enough to justify a $20 expense. With that said, the best deal was the $9.95 chips and guac. The chips were warm and fresh, and the guac (which I don't really like that much) was excellent. The salsas were perhaps my favorite item of the whole night. As others have noted, the fried plantains with cheese topping are the bomb. Again, I'm going to be a cheap skate and complain about the drink sizes. The margaritas were $11, and the quality was excellent. The glass -- well, it was about the size of a shot glass. Ok, maybe 2 shot glasses. But bring me a big margarita -- if Chili's can make me a fake one in a big glass for $5, surely Frontera can make one with tequila and lime juice that is a decent size for $11. I love creative food, and I have a strong appreciation for quality. But I have a real pet peeve about places that think they can serve small portions and charge exorbitant amounts for them on the grounds that it small = extraordinary. It doesn't equal extraordinary. It doesn't make the place more elite. It simply makes it pretentious and a waste of resources. Don't get me wrong. I love the atmosphere. The service was attentive. The food was colorful and creative, but nothing blew me away based on the other Mexican restaurants I've enjoyed. I also just wanted more, but unfortunately "more" would have resulted in a very expensive tab.
