Still Super Swooning. Absolutely *adore* Gilt Bar without question. I do happen to have another question though, which is, how exactly has this superbly sexy fabulousness evaded me for so long? I truly had no idea of Gilt's existence, nope, not even on the Yelp bookmark radar. Was it not for a truly flawless girl's night out with planner extraordinaire Amanda C. at the helm, I may have gone down in history as the one ill-fated Chicagoan who missed out on greatness. Phew! Let's just be thankful that it's not the case, nor will it be for you after reading this. Strap on your sassy attire and head downtown to Kinzie St, 'cuz lemme tell ya, this is where it's all happening! And by 'all' I mean lounging, dining, imbibing and partying all in one glamorous spot. It's quite the multifaceted location but by no means feels jumbled, stilted or haphazard. Nope, the languid space flows beautifully in dark tones with deep, wide plank wood, vintage accents, exposed filament lighting and luxe leather. Old timey with a modern twist, from the open dining room to the cozy lounge to the insanely gorgeous private party and secondary bar space that hides surreptitiously downstairs, this is what ambiance should look like always. Whether you plan to stop in for a classic Pisco Sour or Moscow Mule and be on your way, or stay for the evening, Gilt Bar and their staff are eager to please. My group felt dinner was pretty damn excellent, however, so it may be in your best interest to pull up a dining chair and go with a few - or all - of the following (sharing most certainly intended): .............Pluot salad with blue cheese, candied pecans & red wine vinaigrette .............Bouchot mussels with white wine, shallots, herbs & salsa verde .............Fig glazed oven roasted pork meatballs with wilted escarole .............Bucatini with gunthorp farms rabbit, marinated artichoke & herbs .............Chocolate cream diner style pie .............Rocky road house-made ice cream Mmmm, I'm drooling on my last season Dior just thinking about my magical night at Gilt Bar. Now I'm just left to wonder when I get to do it all over again... from non-existent to most-favorite, now that is Golden!
