I'm going to follow up to my partner James G.So we had the Quiche (aka Egg Jello) and Egg-Layonaise (aka Steak n' Shake French Fry Salad) and amazingly, following our review, we received an email from Sarah the general manager. I am sure that you are (like we did) expected an explanation of the dishes maybe, a little bit of info, maybe we can even stretch as far to say a condolences let alone an apology, but no. No such luck.Instead she told us that we clearly didn't get her joke about there being tables inside the dining area we could be sat at, suggesting a) that she knew it was a stupid place for a table and b) that it is our responsibility to make sure we are properly taken care of at her restaurant (actually, that doesn't sound half bad, looking back at it, I would have gladly gone to the kitchen and just cooked myself some scrambled eggs and toast had I known what I was in for)EDIT: I totally forgot this: She said it was really funny that those were the two dishes we got and were unhappy with, because they were the two dishes that she received the most compliments on, and that no one ever complains about....Mind you, we picked up on the term Egg Jello from Amanda R.'s post that was also pretty recent...So yeah, we're not the only people that think it, and apparently Sarah reads her reviews, but she doesn't really read her reviews, or whatever. End Edit.She also stated that she would never have made someone pay for a meal that they were dissatisfied with, and generally I completely agree. I absolutely agree, that if you as a customer do not give the restaurant, store, etc the opportunity to make up for something you are unhappy with, you have no business writing a poor review. With that said, we were never given the opportunity to. Our server's check-back literally consisted of him carrying food to a table near us, looking over his shoulder and saying Everything looks good. Sarah claims that she spoke to us, not once, not twice, but three times, and that each time we just nodded. As someone that used to work in the field, I can tell you that's waiter-speak for I know i should have checked, but maybe if I suggest that you just didn't hear me, you will believe that I really was doing everything I could, even though I know damn well I performed less than adequately. Also, while on that note, we had no idea she was the general manager, if we had, we would have flagged her down, we thought that she was just supplementary host staff. All she did was hang out in the front by the host stand, and help carry food to larger groups, so we waited around for our server, but eventually hunger took over and we tried to piece around the parts we could handle.Now, there's a come a time, where as a considerate customer you finally look at your plate and say Well, I came here to try new things, I tried something new, I hated it, but now I've sort of eaten half of it (3 bites) and it's really too late to make a fuss. If both of our dishes are terrible, I am going to assume that the rest of them are, so I don't particularly want to replace them. I am also going to assume that if they don't care enough about their guests or their food to make sure that the two connect, then I can just chalk it up to one more reason why I am going to continue to go to Sola instead.In conclusion, If you want to brunch were the service ignores you, the management is confrontational, and the food leaves you sick to your stomach all day....Go to IHOP, at least there you can honestly say you got what you paid for.
