My boyfriend and I went here for our anniversary dinner on a recent trip to Chicago. We picked Mercat over several other tapas places in the area because it billed itself as "Catalonian" fare. Having sampled many delicious tapas in Barcelona last year, we were pumped. However, I think we would have enjoyed the meal much more if the restaurant avoided drawing that comparison. We made a reservation for 9:30 PM, but when we arrived we were told that there were no open tables. What? There isn't really a great spot to wait upstairs, and we were afraid that if we went to the bar downstairs, we would miss being seated. So, we stood and waited next to the hostess stand for about 20 minutes. The atmosphere was awesome, though. Great interior decorating, house music playing. When we finally did get seated, our waiter was slow to take the order, and seemed very "pushy" about getting us to order everything we would want at the beginning of the meal. While in Spain, we ordered tapas a few at a time, eating and drinking slowly to savor the food, so this was a little disconcerting. To start, we ordered the bacon wrapped dates, patatas bravas, jamon pato, and a pitcher of the seasonal sangria. To Mercat's credit, the food did come out promptly. The bacon wrapped dates were phenomenal, and we ordered a second helping almost immediately. The jamon was good, but we needed additional bread. The patatas bravas were a letdown, little more than glorified tater tots. We also wondered why the aioli and the spicy paprika sauce were mixed together, and why the portions were so darn small! Still, we are suckers for anything with mayonnaise, so we ordered a second helping of those, too. To finish, we tried a trio of sorbets--- the mango sorbet is a real shocker, I'd advise anybody to try it once. Our chief complaint was our waiter. He clearly snubbed us because he felt that our $100 pre-tip tab was not up to his standards. It was extremely difficult for us to get ahold of him throughout the meal to order more courses, although he doted on the tables on either side of us who ordered the overpriced tasting menu. We are young professionals, and regularly leave a 20% tip for good service, but his nasty attitude cost him. Also, why don't they train their servers to correctly pronounce the names of their dishes? I did not order "bravo potatoes" ;-) The seating is very tight, so if you get jerks seated next to you like we did, your experience could be affected. The women next to us were going on and on about how one's daughter just came out as a lesbian, and constantly yelled about how the food was "horrible." So, be aware. Overall, we got much better tapas at a much better price in Spain, even in touristy spots, and even with the crappy exchange rate. I was really expecting something more authentic than this--- if it's not authentic, don't say it is. I'd advise anyone interested in tapas to get a cookbook and try it at home, because if this is what Americans will rave about, you can do much better at home!
