Well I was born in Port Barre, LA and went to school in Savannah, so I have to weigh in here even though this isn't my style. I've eaten here three times in the last week, and let me tell all you northerners who think you know what is, this place is for real. It's like Sunday Southern, all dressed up and top notch. I have to say, to everyone who thinks the gumbo lacks spice or something, GUMBO ISN'T SUPPOSED TO BE SPICY and I don't know where you all got the idea. there are as many recipes for gumbo as there are cooks in Louisiana, and I'll tell ya, Big Jones has an awesome one. If you like it spicy, that's what hot sauce is for. They do need to put out some chiles and vinegar with the gumbo, and I talked to the owner, Paul, about that (he visited our table every time I've been there) and they're going to get that going.Their crawfish boudin is better than Bourque's, and I can't tell you how stoked I was when Paul said that they ship their gator sausage direct from Bourque's! It's awesome, and the fried pickles and chow-chow make it. After two dinner, my girlfriend and I had brunch there today, which was awesome. they put something called a popover under the Eggs New Orleans, which isn't really the true way to do it, but it was delicious, and soaked up the sauce and the egg yolk good. In New Orleans, the good restaurants use rusks, which no one up here uses anyways. They haven't been open even two weeks, and I have to mix it up here because I have a problem with people ripping on a restaurant that's so new. They were jam packed today for brunch, and the food took a while, but the music was awesome and they have cafe au lait, and the Eggs New Orleans and Shrimp Burger were perfect.It might be dressed up Southern, and the coastal thing is different. Sorry if you didn't grow up on the south coast but you can't talk about what they're doing. It's not totally authentic but the spirit and the soul is all the way there, and give them a break, I think they are working their butts off because of all the crowds, and the scratch cooking and all. I've always wanted a place like this in town, and it's not cool to be ripping on them when they just opened.
