So I've been living a brisk 5 minute walk away from Little Bucharest for over a year now and yet only today did my boyfriend and I finally make the trek over. On a rainy, crappy, cold Sunday at the tail end of summer, this place really seemed like it'd hit the spot. We skipped on starters because we weren't totally starving, but they all sounded really tasty so we'll definitely be getting one next time. Instead, we opted for a couple of beers to go with their freshly baked bread, YUM. Crunchy on the outside, perfectly dense and chewy on the inside, and still slightly warm from the oven. Damn. Just one bite of that was enough to convince me I'd be back, and oh, will I ever. Our entrees came out very quickly. The presentation was lovely! My boy got Sarmale and I went for their award-winning sausage-stuffed chicken thigh. Let me tell you, growing up in an Eastern European household myself, I've become somewhat jaded when it comes to the general cuisine of the region. Romanian food, however - or at least Little Bucharest - totally exceeded my expectations by a long shot. Really original, contemporary and delicious. Everything had so much flavor and the gorgonzola polenta is my new addiction. You absolutely NEED to try it. If it doesn't come with your meal, get it on the side. Usually we are too full to do dessert, but the quality of the entrees convinced us we had to. Our sweet of choice was the chocolate/Nutella crepes and naturally, they did not disappoint. How are the gals that work here so slim?! Just as we were ready to pay our bill, the owner, Branko, made his way to our table to make sure we enjoyed our meal. Ummm YES. He was incredibly gracious and genuinely thrilled to hear how happy we were, and told us to wait a moment so that he could grab us a treat. A few minutes later, he came back and POURED BOOZE DOWN OUR THROATS! My boyfriend almost burst out laughing when he saw the bottle coming because I am the world's only Polish girl that can't take shots; however, this stuff was uh-may-zing. According to Branko, it was "holy water". Now THAT is my kind of religious experience and a truly European way to cap off the night. They are also known for having an eclectic variety of live entertainment... Everything from gypsy music (yes!) to cabaret. They already had me at the bread, so yeah, I'll be back.
