My now husband, then fiance, and I went in '08 our first trip and returned last summer (09'). There has been quite a bit of talk about treatment by the staff. I believe they have a knack for reading their guest and mirroring their behavior. If you feel you received snotty service, you probably acted like you were hot shit. More than likely it's do to one of two things: you are new to fine cuisine and are trying to act as if you fit in or you have eaten it all and nothing impresses you anymore. If you are carefree and whimsical, they to will join in the laughs and become less formal. Pretentious=formal. We know because our first trip was our first truly fine dining experience. We had enjoyed some great food, but not top 50 in the world. We were trying to fit in and probably gave off a pretentious vibe. Our second trip we had eaten at The Fat Duck and La Table de Joel Robuchon to new just a few. And after seeing the others at Alinea show outward signs of delight, we learned to be ourselves and chuckle at the experience...enjoying the moment instead of taking notes of highs and lows. The staff and other customers all seemed to be a little giddy with excitement through out the evening as well. Both times we observed tables that were friendly and those which were pretentious and the service seemed tailored to your expectations. I'm just saying you get what you put out, which I believe to be the ultimate customized service experience. Also, I'll just say now that I don't care about wine, so you won't get an informed review on that topic here. I did enjoy the 4 wines we have consumed there, but I lack the words to properly describe and critique them. For me it's all about two things, the food and the experience. I can't even begin to give critiques about individual dishes as we've had over 40 now, but I'll say these few things in general: 1). It's experimental, there are hits and misses: the hit ratio for our two experiences was roughly 60-65% and we didn't always agree 2). When it hits, you'll crave it forever and be left wanting more which I see as a good thing 4). the dishes illicit discussions of nostalgia and creativity 5). The entrance is great, but the inside decor is too plain 6). You'll get to hear Achatz scream profanities at the staff from the kitchen at least once, and it's hysterical dinner entertainment (not to mention it highlights his commitment too quality and consistency) 7). It's whimsical and innovative...chill and don't expect large, rich classic french dishes 8). If you go more than once, expect a few repeats. This would be fine had they been my favorites, but they seem to be the ones I don't care for. Try and go during different seasons or you might see even more repeats. 9). I haven't been to Moto so as far as competing Chicago restaurants go, I don't know which is better. But although La Table de Joel Robuchon is the epitome of haute cuisine Alinea tops it in my book and Robuchon is second only to Achatz.. Why? I'm a fan of the long tour of tastes. Execution is key just as with French masters, but it's not the same old sauces that heavily populate the world's best restaurants. I laugh when I eat Achatz creations, and find myself craving them almost weekly. 10). Although the techniques and flavors vary greatly from others in the culinary world, Achatz definitely has his favorites that you will see reused many times. Foams, freezing, gelatins, tapiocas, food delivery devices,and others are repeated frequently and loose their initial intrigue. They are rarely used to the detriment of the flavor though, as some gastronomic chefs will overlook (So I've heard of WD-50). OVERALL: My favorite restaurant, even compared to some of the European masters!
