This place gets 2 stars because it's where my Fiancee and I had our first date, and that's stretching the truth a bit. That night, we shared the Caprese salad (which is delicious) and each ended up ordering the pumpkin/squash pasta dish that everyone says is awesome. I remember that being good, so on the day I proposed, we went back (i'm romantic, I guess). Sadly, Sapori failed to impress this time around. Again, we shared the Caprese and it was good. We both had a glass of riesling and I ordered the pasta with chicken and gnocchi, prepared with a pesto sauce. The pesto sauce was incredible and the gnocchi was perfectly prepared. Sadly, the chicken was dry, bland, and chewy. I don't understand how they could send out dry, bland, chewy chicken chunks in a pasta like this. Either cook it properly or use thigh meat, which is always juicier and more flavorful anyway. The chicken was inedible and I pushed it all off to the side. My fiance had the mushroom risotto, which was disappointing (or disgusting, depending on whom you ask). After tasting it, I think I figured out the problem. The 'chef' used a strong red wine (lots of tannins, possibly soured and past usable), which made the wine flavor come to the front of the tongue and ruined an otherwise well cooked dish. Now I've seen recipes that call for dry WHITE wine. I've seen recipes that call for truffle oil. But I've NEVER seen a recipe for risotto that called for red wine before. And this is specifically why! Risotto is a rustic, classic italian dish that is supposed to be full of flavor. The most commonly used descriptor for Risotto is 'creamy'. And the texture was indeed creamy. However, the wine flavor clearly overpowered the rest of the dish, making it taste almost spoiled, sour, and a little bitter. Chef Anthony is a nice enough fellow. He's said hello before and seems interested in making his restaurant fun and successful. I would caution him that creativity in classic, rustic dishes is dangerous. If he can't taste how a heavy red wine ruins his risotto, I think he needs some palette work. There is plenty of space for creativity - his lasagna is very interesting and the pumpkin/squash pasta is a delight - but you just can't start throwing bizarre flavors together and expect people to shell out the big bucks for a disappointing dish. Simply put - if I can make a better mushroom risotto at home than a chef who owns a restaurant, I won't be back to that restaurant, and if I do go back, it won't be to order the risotto. The Lasagna looks delicious, the pumpkin pasta is great, and they haven't figured out how to screw up a Caprese salad, but you should avoid the mushroom risotto unless you enjoy punishing yourself. Also, the pesto with chicken needs some work before I would recommend it. Standards, Chef Anthony. They are essential.  There is no excuse for dry, bland, overcooked pieces of chicken breast in a pesto gnocchi and there is absolutely no reason to add red wine to a mushroom risotto, ESPECIALLY if it makes the risotto taste sour and spoiled. I'm disappointed, and not likely to return any time soon.
