Why why why does this place still have an average 4 stars? Do people in Bucktown like average sushi, long waits, and rude staff? The first time I went here, I LOVED it. The second time, LOVED it. And then it all went downhill from there. From rude people taking reservations, to rude servers, I've seen it all. Honestly, I think it's only proximity that keeps us coming back. Our last stint at Coast involved a chilly 45 minute wait (we were given an estimate of 15 mins) in the front by the desk. Upon being seated between two aisles (really? really?! It was like a scene from a bad rom com), we order. FIrst, Mr. Server, please don't act like I've never eaten sushi before. When you ask me "have you been here before?" and I say "Yes" that means... I HAVE EATEN SUSHI BEFORE AND I KNOW HOW YOUR MENU WORKS. Tried the salmon tartare, pretty tasteless and not worth the money. I will say, the quality of the sushi is about the same, good not great. So that was ok. This is the kicker. We were on the fence about dessert, and were going to ask to see the menu again. This is not unusual, right? Instead of asking if we were "ok" if we needed anything else... Mr. Server brings the CHECK. We politely ask for the dessert menu, and this dude looks like he's going to murder us. Awesome impression. And, Coast, your dessert menu leaves much to be desired. We opt to NOT have dessert, and Mr. Server brings the check again, exasperated. Mea culpa. We still have a few sips of wine left, so instead of laying down a card right away, we chat some more. I want to note, we were NOT lingering, I think this bro can wait for two people to finish ONE half glass of wine a piece. But no. He comes back 3 minutes later asking us to "maybe wrap things up because we're really busy tonight". Um... WHAT! Really, I wanted to lose it on this guy, but I didn't. I was annoyed because the table behind is (a table of 6 women, looked like a birthday) had been in the middle of their entree when we sat down, and had just popped open a new bottle of wine. How come THEY are allowed to linger, but you rush to turn over the worse table in the joint? Was there a demand to have your coat stepped on? Did people want to feel the draft from the constantly opening door? Do people LIKE having to SCREAM across the generic house XM station to enjoy conversation? Screw you, Coast. If I have my way, I VOW never to return again.
