They open for brunch at 10am, make reservations, you won't be seated until your whole party is there so don't invite the conically late and ask for their free shuttle to pick you up! Shuttles go all the way up to Irving Park and west to Ashland! Okay now that we have gotten the boring details out of the way on to Zed451's stunning interior full of multiple 5ft long gas fireplaces, rustic wood benches along with luscious white leather chairs and a fun use of candle light. The service was probably the best I have had in the city; our server Brandi was very attentive but it definitley took a team to make this dining experience superb. The Chefs all thanked US after they served us, odd to me but I nice touch I guess. First you are directed to the harvest tables which are stocked with lots of gourmet options such as vanilla bean oatmeal, red wine glazed pears with orange balsamic and walnuts, sauteed mushrooms with feta dressing, vanilla apricots, artisan cheeses and roasted figs and mozzarella. I recommend getting the smallest scoop possible of each because this is only the warm up of the feast you will have over the next hour. Next they bring around a few warm dishes right out of the oven for your table to share; a delicious frittata, maple smoked bacon, huge cinnamon rolls, and duck hash browns. When you are done devouring these yummies you put your designated river stone on the outside of the table signaling your server to get you a new plate and the 3rd part of your food service to begin. Chefs will bring around another round of delectable dishes such as a cut of beef marinated in buttermilk dressing, roasted turkey with cranberry sauce, brown sugar baked ham, a crab cake topped with a poached egg and buffalo chicken served atop a syrup'd waffle. We all left overly full though there wasn't one thing that I can say was FABULOUS. Zed offers an unlimited amount of really good and interesting food and an amazing atmosphere. I forget the exact cost but I am quite sure brunch is around $23 and I would say its a great value. This is the perfect place to take out of towners that you want to impress with a fabulous atmosphere. I will definitley be back for brunch soon and hopefully for dinner too and I suggest you check it out for yourself!
