I will start off by saying that the sushi and other food is delicious. But this is Chicago, good sushi is not hard to find. Turns out good service is. I went August 5 for a good friend's birthday. We chose the location because we all love sushi and who doesn't love a good BYO? We had made a reservation for a party of 11. The restaurant was not very crowded at all this Thursday, which might be why they kindly seated us before the whole party had arrived (or perhaps that's their policy - a good one!). We sat down and our waitress came to introduce herself. It was Kim by the way. Not one smile. There were only four of us so far, but she kept trying to get us to order an appetizer. I appreciate the initial offer, but we said no a couple of times. Let it go. Or not, it did eventually work and we ordered some edamame, but talk about pushy. We had several bottles of white wine but we were informed she could only give 2 chillers per table. Despite the fact that in reality we were 3 tables pushed together. Finally 9 of us had shown up, and we'd gotten texts from the other 2 that they probably were not going to make it. Kim did not like this one bit. She said "so how many will you be? The reservation was for 11. I need to figure out the numbers." Birthday girls said "looks like we'll just be 9, the other two are maybes at this point so we'll order without them." As if birthday girl hadn't spoken Kim says "So your whole party isn't coming? How many will be here? Not 11?" What the heck? What "numbers" is she figuring out? There were going to be 11, now there are 9. Done. Figured. Get over it. Parties of 5 or more include gratuity if that was her concern, she's still covered there because her attitude would have certainly cost her a few percent if I could have chosen myself. The difference between 9 and 11 isn't much and honestly, we would have needed the same table size for 9 people anyway. Fast forward to dessert. The birthday girl hushes the table and announces she has something to tell us all. She gets about 3 words out and Kim comes back and asks if we want to order dessert. Now, I think it was obvious 8 of us were hanging on birthday girl's every word, but Kim didn't notice. That's fine. Birthday girls says "could you please give us a moment?" Kim says "sure" but first lists off all the desserts while we all stare in wonderment. When she's done she stands there, and asks if we know what we want. Birthday girl says "could you please just give us a minute?" Exasperated sigh by Kim and she stalks off. We did order dessert, and she did put a candle in birthday girl's, which was very sweet. But I don't think I saw more than one smile over 2.5 hours. We had to flag her down to ask her to open wine for us, and we never did get more than 2 chillers. If you're going to be BYO, be BYO. Don't half ass it and act put off that you have to do some extra work. Despite the good food, I'll never go back to Coast because of Kim. I can't speak for my whole party, but I know a good portion of us feel the same way.
