This restaurant is amazing! If you truly love red meat and haven't been to a Brazilian steakhouse, you've got to try one. Positive: The filet mignon is to die for! And then the filet mignon wrapped in bacon was even better! The service is outstanding. The guys (gauchos) serving the charred and seasoned meat have cuts ranging from medium rare to well done. If the cut of meat you want isn't available on that skewer, they'll get it for you. If you want your steak (on the stick) cooked longer, just ask! The chicken was surprisingly great too. They have 15 different cuts of meat. The ribs are OK. The pork and lamb are above average. The top and bottom sirloin is tasty. The pichanha (steak) is very good, but the filet is where it's at! The cheese rolls that come with dinner are very good.Negative: It's pricey. $48.50 for dinner. Granted, it's all you can eat and that's how much Brazilian steakhouses usually charge, but it's still pricey. The salad bar, while VERY fresh didn't have a very large array of choices. I understand that the meat is why you go there, so overall, it's fine. The parmesan covered pork has way too much cheese on it. There's no seafood. I hear some of Fogo De Chao's competitors serve shrimp. That would've been a nice touch. The fried bananas, polenta and mashed potatoes are good, but not really the point of going here.A couple of tips:1. This is all you can eat, very tasty meat so prepare for your visit. You may not want to eat too much earlier in the day if you are having dinner there. I saw people looking very sleepy and others, well, they looked like they didn't feel well. It's not Fogo De Chao's fault. You've got to have stomach room.2. While the salad bar is nice, do you want to pay $48.50 for fresh salad? Save your stomach room for the meat show! 3. Please pace yourself. Your stomach will thank you. They give you a coaster-looking object that is green (please bring me meat now) on one side and red (I'm taking a break) on the other. I recommend not having more than two or three meats maximum on your plate at one time. They'll get cold if you exceed that limit.4. Experiment a little. Don't order lamb much? Try it here. Usually like your meat medium well, try different cuts at medium and you may like them better. Since it's all you can eat and you can just get smaller cuts on your plate, you can afford to experiment and have fun!5. While I've heard they have a great mojito-type drink, beyond having that, you may want to limit your drinking. You'll already probably be sleepy from eating all of that meat plus now you want to add lots of alcohol? Hmmm. It's up to you.6. Allow plenty of time. At least two hours minimum. You don't want to rush through all of the delightful food and sights. We were there for almost three hours and had a ball.7. You may not want to bring anyone who doesn't really like meat. Besides vegetarians, even people who aren't big on red meat will probably be frustrated.8. Live a little! While this place is expensive, if you love meat, find a special occasion and get over there at least once. You'll have a great time.
