This wasn't the smoothest of hotel experiences I've had. It wasn't terrible, but I probably wouldn't stay here again. PROs: + The lobby looked very nice and up-scale. They've obviously put a lot of work into making their front-end look nice. It's too bad the rooms didn't match. + The room was fairly large, reasonably clean, and well-stocked (full-size hair dryer, toothpaste, make-up removing cloth, etc). + The bed/bedding was pretty comfortable. + Service was reasonably nice. + I didn't get to use it, but the fitness center was nice, free, and pretty large for a hotel. CONs: - The price for parking was ridiculous. It was something like $42 a day for valet or $36 for self-park. I know it's Chicago, but really?? I got a good deal on Priceline, but that's almost as much as I paid for the room! Am I buying a separate hotel room for the car? - The room looked old and worn. Considering how nice the lobby was, I wasn't expecting the room to be that rough. The three-quarter wall between the bathroom and the bedroom was kind of weird; the three-quarter-wall retro-fitted closet with a curtain instead of a door was weirder. Was the room really not built with a closet, and was the the best you could do? The carpet had seen better days long ago, the shower/tub was lookin' rough, etc. Old, old, old. - I had hoped for a decent city skyline view. Unfortunately it was a view of nothing but the active highrise construction site directly next to the hotel. Shades closed, methinks. - Okay, this is a stupid little thing, but the vending machines sucked. I just wanted water and was scared to venture out at night in search of a convenience store. I went to vending machines on three different floors with no luck before I went to the lobby to ask if any of them had water. The lady at the front desk told me to try the machines in the laundry room. That one had water, but wouldn't give me my change. I found out the next day that my colleague used the vending machine on his floor to get a diet cola, only to have it spit out grape soda, which wasn't even listed on the machine! - There's a charge for WiFi in the rooms. - Worst smelling toiletries ever. I don't know why all of the Hyatts use that crap other than that it must be cheap. Have the decision-makers ever actually opened a bottle and taken a whiff? That's supposed to be ginger? *gag* I've certainly stayed in worse places and this doesn't deserve a one-star rating, but the pretty lobby didn't make up for what the hotel was lacking overall. I would not stay here again.
