After seeing too many Food Network / Cooking Channel / Travel Channel shows featuring the competition of Chicago-style deep dish pizzas at Pizzeria Uno and Lou Malnati's, my girlfriend and I decided that we should engage in the discussion as well and visit both locations. We agreed that we would get one fried appetizer dish, one medium deep-dish pepperoni pizza, and soda. (Dessert only if we felt we could truly handle it.) So here's the experience at Pequod's Pizzeria (our third stop of the two): That's right, we were convinced to add a 3rd contender to our ultimate deep-dish competition. Who convinced us? Food Network magazine. They had a special in a recent issue about the best pizza in every state, and we jumped to Illinois to find out if Food Network chose Uno or Lou, and we read that... what the heck is a "Pequod's Pizzeria"?? We hit the 'net, and found out that on my two recent trips up to Webster to hit up Barnes & Noble and the awesomeness of Five Guys, I was walking RIGHT PAST this place. Well at about 4:30pm on a Sunday, we changed all that and entered the building for supposedly the best deep-dish 'zza Chicago has to offer, complete with caramelized cheese on the crust for that extra-savory flavor. Well, we got ourselves a seat and thumbed through the menu for our fried appetizer. Boom! Appetizer Combo: sign us up! After Lou Malnati's, my girlfriend had finally come to terms with fried zucchini, and these slices o' veggie were quite good. She enjoyed the mozz sticks, since I'm the only fried mushroom fan. They were quite tasty as well. Poppers on an appetizer platter is just icing on the cake - good choice, Pequod's! And with proper timing, our pizza arrived. Now THIS was the kind of deep-dish pepperoni pizza I was expecting. The pepperoni had a great flavor and lovely crispiness to them. The sauce was a FREAKIN' SAUCE! Barely any chunks of tomato to be found! I was in heaven! And then the crust, with the caramelized cheese (which is a very fancy term for "we just throw some extra cheese on the crust so it gets burnty/crunchy in the oven") really does make all the difference, especially with the level of butter you can tell went into the dough. My only qualm with the pizza was the ratio of dough to everything-else-that-isn't-dough on the pizza. I enjoy a really hearty and thick slice of pizza when I go for deep dish, but the thickness of the bottom dough/crust was getting to me after the second slice. I couldn't even finish the third slice, which is frankly an embarrassment for a man of my rotund stature. All that remained of the third slice was a mound of crust and dough with the flesh and sauce stripped off and consumed. Yet another round of deep-dish-pizza hilarity that would not allow room for a dessert. But before I leave you with the score, I have to mention the "unique" atmosphere of this place. Pequod's Pizzeria is, in my opinion, an Inside Joke. The kind where somebody at the table says something that makes no sense to you, but everyone around you is snickering or cracking up and tells you that "you just had to be here" or "it's a Jersey thing" or some other excuse as to why you won't understand the joke. That's how it felt here. And at the center of it all is a mascot whale with a pair of panties on its head, just staring you in the face and DARING you to "get the joke". And I didn't. The metaphor extended to the waitstaff, who seemed to be enjoying conversations with each other more than with the patrons of the establishment. I would NOT say that we had bad service. Not at all. But after refilling our soda, our server would hang out at the bar with the bartender or the register with some other staff, making comments to each other and yukking it up in general. (There's also a mysterious second floor, which I believe it just extra seating. I was intrigued, but grateful to be on the first floor and not having to entertain the thought of navigating steps with a tummy full of doughy, cheesy 'zza.) Near the end of the meal, I just had to try and get an explanation. I pulled our server over and just flat-out asked, "So why is the mascot a whale with a pair of panties on its head?" "I don't really know - I think it was created by the owner or something. But it's pretty cool, I think." Well, maybe the Inside Joke is just the simple fact that you're not able to know why the punchline is funny. I agree it's kind of a humorous idea of putting panties on the head of a whale, but they would either have to be unthinkably-large panties or an unthinkably-small whale. I still don't get it... But what I do get is that it's no joke that Food Network magazine made the right choice, because Pequod's Pizzaria hand-down beat out both Lou Malnati's and Pizzeria Uno in our deep-dish pizza competition.
