Our last dinner for Restaurant Week 2011 was here. We had made reservations for the past two years but had to cancel for some reason or another. We were determined to make it this year. We had Saturday reservations at 7pm and got seated closer to our time even though we were early. Again. We were brought up to the second level into a small private dining room with about 8 tables set up. I loved it. It was private, quiet and had a romantic feel since it was all two tops. We sat along the wall with the big window and next to this adorable grandmother with her grandson. Since this was our first time, our server explained the menu in addition to the restaurant week special. My three course meal was the steak house salad, rib eye with sauteed mushrooms and the dessert duo of chocolate mousse and fruit with a sweet cream sauce. The hubs ordered the gumbo, filet with six shrimp and garlic mashed potatoes.  The salad was fairly big but good. The cup of gumbo was so big I would have considered it a bowl. Unfortunately, as soon as our first course was finished, our steaks came out. I prefer a little of time between courses but after that sizzling steak was placed in front of me, I wasn't too upset. These steaks are prepared in butter. Hello! The butter smelled fantastic and I just love the sound of it. The rib eye was bigger than I thought, cooked medium rare and the mushrooms were awesome. The hubs filet was thick and the shrimp were big. I had a few bites of my rib eye since I was full from the salad. I took home the majority of it with the mushrooms and mashed potatoes. Dessert came after some time had lapsed. The mousse was a little stiff but still tasty but the true winner of the two was the fresh berries in the sweet cream. The berries were so sweet and delicious. I could have two of those and left the mousse.  Service was great, friendly and quick. Dinner was delicious but I didn't get the "oh my god this is the best steak I have ever eaten" feeling. I'm hoping that the next time I visit, I'll get that steak that makes me eat those words.
