Visited here last night with my wife and brother for his birthday. Going with Yelp's rating system, they say that 2 stars equals "Meh. I've experienced better." That's exactly what we thought... Also, please note I (along with the other 2 members of the party) have been waitstaff before, and we're generally very forgiving. Had a reservation and that we arrived on time for. Ended up waiting 30+ minutes to actually be seated. Not a good start. I'm fine waiting 15 minutes or so on a busy night, but not on a Tuesday. Ended up heading to the bar, which is pretty cool. Had a great piano player and singer that would make me want to go back just for that. Drinks, on the other hand, were a little crazy. I know this is a luxury restaurant, but $13 for a cocktail is a bit much when I can get the same thing for $8 right next door. Still, I knew what I was getting in to when I came. Finally were seated and I loved the size of our table. It's a four person table that looks like what other restaurants would seat six at. Very accomodating. Took 5-10 minutes to get greeted, which isn't good either. Wine list was very reasonable and the wine we picked out was fantastic. Our server was good, but not what I would've expected for paying ~$50 for a steak and $13 for a Hendricks and Tonic. I don't mind paying a lot for my experience, but if that's the case I expect that value to be reflected in every part of my night. We didn't feel that was the case. Appetizer was the Tuna Tartare. Fantastic. We all loved it. Generous portion. Highly recommended. Steaks were very good. I don't think it was the best steak in the world, but all were cooked perfectly, very tender and had good, but not fantastic, flavor. We had a Chef's Choice Strip, Kansas Strip and Petite Filet. The sides were hit and miss. Lobster Mash was nice, buttery and had very tender lobster. Shoestring Fries were impressive looking, but not seasoned very well and you get WAY too many... The Creamed Corn was totally bland. Yes, it's not in season and we should've gotten the Asparagus, but maybe it shouldn't be on the menu then. We did received a birthday cake for my brother, without asking and that was a nice touch. It was delcious with the homemade whipped topping. Was the experience okay? Yes. But, as I started with, I've experienced better. For what we paid ($400+ w/o tip) it was just missing the details. Folding napkins when you get up, Not having to ask for new plates. Not waiting 30 minutes for reservation. Top notch food all around. Service that is invisible but always there. I left full, but not entirely satisfied. It certainly wasn't memorable. I wouldn't go out of my way to go back, because there are too many other restaurants in the city that have met and surpassed those expectations.
