The fiancee and I had a very enjoyable dinner at GE on Sunday night. (Yes, it is a bit hard to get a prime time reservation for a weekend.) This place is so popular that we had to wait 15 minutes for our reservation. We made do with drinks at the bar. FH enjoyed the local craft brews (Three Floyds and the higher end Goose Island.) I really wanted to like my froo-froo drink, but could not. It contained strawberry and rhubarb puree, and I thought that it would be tart and slightly grown up, but in reality it tasted a bit too much like a strawberry Margarita, straight up. Ah well. Stick to the wine. When I switched to that over food, I enjoyed more interesting stuff like a lovely glass of temparnillo. As we're watching our wedding waistlines, we had all apps. We split the buffalo chicken. (Don't. It is too small to share.) The Budweiser foam was "eh" but the rest would have been finger lickin' had a knife and fork not been involved. Onto the salads: Caesar and beet. The beet was nothing special, and the Caesar croutons with their hidden cheesy surprise were good except for the fact that only one crouton had this hidden goodness (surprise!), so I felt a little gypped. For our main courses, we had the risotto and the gnocchi. The gnocchi was extremely good. As for the risotto, well, I just couldn't get around the Cheez-its. FH was in heaven, however, having just commented at Dominicks the previous day that he missed Cheez-Its. (This was good because FH is generally a little more meat-and-potatoes, and I wasn't sure that he'd appreciate all the food-as-art stuff. But he did.) We couldn't decide between two desserts, and so got the peach and the chocolate peanut butter. The peach was entirely forgettable - and I'll give our waiter credit for gently trying to steer me away from it; I guess that I don't take hints - and I was slightly disappointed in the chocolate. The brownie was more like a cookie. Entirely crisp without any chewiness.  I felt like that service could have been a bit more attentive, but they appeared to be slightly understaffed that evening.  Overall, the experience was good, and I want to try it again. Maybe drinks and hors d'oerves after work, as it is a fun scene. I enjoyed my one visit to Avenues several years back, but Mr. Elliott does seem better suited to this type of atmosphere. Oh yes, atmosphere....it was hip, despite the profusion of 50-somethings in sport coats, yelling over the loud rock and roll music. There were quite a few young hipsters. Nice to see that the place appealed to diverse population. The decor was somewhat stark and modern-Scandinavian, but it worked well in the space.  I'm sure that we'll be back.
