I may even say 4.5 for Publican as it really was such an enjoyable, unique, slightly quirky, delicious and beautiful experience. The space is amazing in an old pork processing factory in the developing Fulton Market.  We arrived on a Sunday for brunch (my favorite time of day for food and drink) at about 1:30 just in time as brunch stops at 2:00. Plenty of brick, original weathered wood pillars, steel supports and floor to ceiling windows expose plenty of the original space. The classic added touches consist of classic textured walls and wall paper that even extend onto the ceiling along with a beautiful bar and semi-open kitchen. The acoustics in the space is also perfect as plenty of the original empty space has had added panels and sections that allow for proper sound travel instead of a typical cement loft-like space that can be too loud and echo-y. The furniture is simple block wood tables (many of them communal) and chairs complete with the quirky pork stable booths (see picture to understand). The middle bar section has plenty of tables and stools. Even the bathrooms have the old factory touches with a trough basin sink and individual stalls with antique beer steins recessed into wall light boxes.  I could yelp on and on about the interior, but let's get to the real stuff. Let's talk beer list. Now, i'm not a big time connoisseur, but i have been to a few interesting places with boutique beer lists and can talk about a few good ones. However, with this list i felt like i needed a translator. Not a bad thing. The waiter was super helpful in guiding me through a few selections and I am not usually disappointed when it comes to any kind of alcohol, so i'm easy to please. I had two super great beers but of course can't remember which ones. They offer a crazy sounding (and looking.. from the couple's table next to us) bloody mary with a small beer chaser, which i would totally get if i could have just stayed there all day. The food was fabulous too. A lot of the items are pork inspired, but we saw mussels delivered to the table next to us with a full baguette of bread and the broth smelled amazing. I ordered the pork blood sausage with greens, orange slices with biscuits and gravy and Tobin ordered the Ham steak with rough-milled grits and grilled bread. Both were super delicious... my sausage was the best I've ever had and took me back to Spain where they are all about blood sausage (and any other sausage for that matter). They cure their own sausage on site. Tobin's ham steak was also amazing and the grits, by far the best I've ever tasted. And as i've said before, anything with grilled bread (done right) you just can't go wrong with. I'm fully obsessed with everything about this place, the food, space and informative and helpful service. I can't wait for the warehouse section of LA to have the same type of spaces open up!
