since moving to chicago (and even before that), i've been dying to go to alinea. it was all i wanted for my birthday so this year we went. my experience was good but not as great as i expected from the food to the service to the atmosphere. to start, we got a lot of pressure from one of the sommeliers about doing the wine pairing. we tried to decide if it would be worth 3/4 of our food bill and just couldn't rationalize it. after saying that we just wanted to do glasses/bottles instead of the entire pairing, the sommelier once again tried to tell us how worthwhile it was. i'm sure it is if i had thousands of dollars to spend all the time. otherwise, the service was pretty nice. i tend to ask a lot of questions about the food i'm eating but at alinea they like you to just experience the flavors without knowing exactly what you're eating. so they were nice about it but told me basically to stop asking. as for the food, while many of the courses were amazing, there were some misses. i guess i've just never been to this nice of a restaurant and disliked some of the food so much that i couldn't finish it. with 24 courses it's bound to happen but i was still surprised. my favs were the pork belly with iceberg lettuce, cucumber and thai distillation. this was exactly what i thought i would experience at alinea. really interesting, different than anything i'd had before and absolutely delicious. the other things i loved were the black truffle explosion and hot potato/cold potato. again, both were amazing, delicious and crazy. as for dessert, we got the silicone mat dessert and grant achatz himself artistically placed every item on the mat for us. i was totally startstruck and the dessert itself was awesome. the main dish that i didn't like was one that was several different versions of olives. i couldn't finish it. nothing about it tasted good to me. except for the silicone mat dessert, nothing else was a true dessert. we had several dishes that were savory and sweet. i'm all about savory/sweet combinations but some were just way too strange. i like to think i'm an adventurous eat but i felt like somethings such as the smoky peanut butter dessert (which really tasted partially like cigarette butts to me) were just not good. one other gripe. before leaving they gave me a copy of our menu and we asked grant achatz to sign it, which he did. i'm an idiot and left it in the cab on the way home. my fiance has been emailing them and calling them for almost a month now and they have not responded. after spending almost a grand at dinner, you'd think they could at least call us back. this put me over the edge to the three stars. it's truly a once in a lifetime experience. i don't think i'd want to do it again unless of course i wasn't paying for it. the food is worth trying but i'm still not sure that the price is justified.
