Wow, this was my first ever time to Chinatown, and I am so happy that we chose Lao Sze Chaun... The doorman was really nice and eager to seat us...and the smell of all the food just emanated and filled the room, which made my mouth start to water and tummy start to growl.... We couldn't get to our table fast enough.... Our server was nice, exact and straight to the point. We sat there for a lil bit, which we weren't complaining at all about because of the extensive menu...WOW! They have everything! and when I mean everything, it. is. everything. I was unsure on what to order except for one thing. First things first. Tsing Tsao. Yes, please. I would order 2 at a time if I was allowed... The beer is fantastic, and super easy to drink. The restaurant is lit up very brightly, even at 10 o'clock at night. Perhaps so you can see your food, maybe so you don't sit around and linger, I dunno, but at first it kind of weirded me out, but I think I might have liked it. I wasn't getting sleepy from stuffing my face, and it allowed me to see what others were eating, to help me figure out what the heck I was about to put in my belly. I decided on the Beef and Peapods. I know, I know, Seems kind of boring, but it was AMAZING. Not like your typical take out beef and peapods, but a million times better. Very flavorful. And yes, it tasted like beef. We also ordered the Chicken and Red Chiles... Not at all what we imagined, but delish all the same. It was more like fried chicken with about 75 red peppers with it, but it doesn't have a sauce or anything. We followed other yelp reviews and ordered, and yes, it was pretty good, however, I think we could have found something a little bit better. The spicy coleslaw they serve at the beginning of the meal is a great starter. Nice work. The spring roll was your typical spring roll, however, minus the plate full of grease. Being a Chinatown virgin, and picking this place out, I feel like we sealed the deal, and we'll be back. thank you - (Xixi)
