Wow, what a disappointment.My wife and I went for our anniversary. We are used to fine dining, having eaten at Daniel and Per Se in NYC, The Fat Duck in Bray, and Noma in Copenhagen, amongst other greats.We were expecting a lot from Alinea, being recommended to us as one of (if not THE) best restaurant in North America. For those lofty expectations, we were crest fallen when they were not met.Perhaps it's our own fault for being overly hyped but the customer is never wrong, as they say. If only every fine dining establishment followed that credo.My wife and I are young and even younger looking and we suffer for that at these type of establishments. Ageism is prevalent among the servers in fine dining, especially in America. How dare people of our age come to a restaurant of such pomp and circumstance?The snootiness was off the charts at Alinea. The air was choked with pretentiousness and self satisfaction. It was almost unbearable.If you go to a restaurant of that standing, or any restaurant for that matter, but especially one of such magnitude, the staff should be throwing themselves under your feet, especially when you consider what you're paying! Instead everyone was glib and condescending. We were extremely put off as we had never had an experience quite like that!That said, the food was excellent. I believe we were able to separate the service from the cuisine. On Yelp, I usually rank restaurants on the meal alone, because that is all that usually ever matters to me, but in this circumstance I think it is worth noting and changing my standards.The food I would give a 5 out of 5. It really was fabulous. That said, it wasn't quite as good as some of the aforementioned places above and not as great as I was expecting. Still, it's certainly worth a try if you have the money to burn. However, I would recommend staying away if you are under 30 or look younger than that. They don't seem to appreciate that demographic at Alinea.And, for those who might think that the service was somehow a reflection on me or my wife. She wore a stunning evening gown and I was in an Armani suit. Despite their rudeness, we both kept our composure and were always polite, even when it was not deserved.I made sure of informing our hostess when we left, who offered her apologies but little else. What did two twenty-somethings expect anyway?Well, for $900, I expected a lot more. That's for sure!
