If Thomas Keller were to hatch an edible Faberge egg in Chicago he would christen it Alinea. Yet it would be encased in the most delicate membrane. Suspended in a shot glass. And upon swallowing, it would explode into the most delightful, surprising and refreshing sensations. Like Mr. Keller's cuisine, there is play in the food at Alinea. The simply named Caramel Corn, a shot glass of liquefied popcorn with caramel foam, reminded me of the joy and delight of being presented with equally nostalgic Salmon cornettes with creme fraiche at The French Laundry -- salmon, creme fraiche & chives presented like mini ice cream cones; the beads in Alinea's White Truffle, Toasted Oat Milk, Pink Pepper and Pear texturally & playfully remniscent of Mr. Keller's Oysters & Pearls.  Each presentation at Alinea is unique and exercises all of your flavor senses:  *whisper-thin bacon finished with ribbons of butterscotch and apple and dots of thyme dangling effortlessly from a suspended wire atop arc;  *a plate of beans with many garnishes resting atop a pillow of scented nutmeg air, the air diffused while you are eating; *one bite of pumpkin, brown sugar and tempura pierced atop a burning cinnamon stick, the scent of cinnamon inhaled while consuming; *a pin of wagyu beef hidden beneath a cloak of aromatic cedar branches; *persimmon presented in two puddles, with the tiniest greens and earthy texture evoking painstaking simplicity yet with the most refined and well thought flavor and texture combinations. But to be enjoyed by first placing a thin, clear cellophane-like aroma strip on your tongue and deliciously warming it in your mouth. To name only 5 of 24 courses. Check out the pics: http://www.yelp.com/biz_  I still marvel that Chef / Owner Grant Achatz is able to create such unique and avant garde food and ways of eating. No surprise either that he is doing this in Chicago, a living incubation of progress + art + architecture + function + whimsy to the scent of Frank Lloyd Wright, Louis Sullivan, the champagne top of the Carbide & Carbon building, the truly spectacular Tiffany stained-glass dome at the Chicago Cultural Center, the outdoor installations at Millenium Park, the ever-present Chicago bridges. And on and on. Chicago is inspiring, even in below 20s snowy winter. After eating at Alinea, I couldn't help but smile at the commonplace cedar branches covering the potted plants lining Michigan Avenue. And wonder: whether Mr. Achatz would consider an inventive, unique snow inspired plate?
