Some friends wanted to come visit Chicago and their itinerary was the Christkindl Market, a matinee of Banana Shpeel, and dinner at Frontera Grill. She tried to make reservations like two weeks in advance but was told that although they were no longer taking reservations for that night that we'd be fine if we came in when they opened at five, which seemed fine. So we get there at five o'clock and there's already a line, which is fine. But then you get up to the host stand and it's five people in the party and it's 25 minutes to sit at a table in the bar and, she says with bitchiest laugh and something that seemed unpleasantly similar to an eyeroll, "Like two hours *haughty grunt/sigh/bitchy laugh* for a table in the main dining room. And it's like, even this would be fine because restaurant hosts are genetically engineered to be maximumly haughty, irritating, and delusional. So we're told twenty five minutes and shooed away from the host stand to the corral around the bar. Meanwhile, they're not seating anyone despite that every table in the restaurant is empty. No explanation of, "We start seating at such and such time," or anything like that. Just stand at the bar and watch them set up what is clearly your table and keep standing there for a HALF HOUR after the table has been set up. My friend walked over to the host stand and said there were like seven people standing around looking bored. I suggested to my boyfriend that perhaps they were staggering seating so the servers and the kitchen didn't get overloaded. He's in the restaurant industry and replied that they need more waiters then because any decent restaurant should be able to accommodate all of their tables being filled at once.  It's ridiculous and insulting to leave people standing like that without a word of explanation. After that experience I think I would never return there and I probably will try to steer my guests from that place as well. So we sit down and I'm not feeling particularly hungry at the moment. And, no thank you, I didn't want anything to drink either but our hostess ordered some vegetarian appetizers and once I had some grease in my system I mellowed out a bit.  The guacamole was pretty good. The deep fried quesadilla things were just all right and mostly just made me crave empanadas from Buenos Aires Forever. My favorite were the plantains with sour cream. She also got the mushroom fundido and that was good but I wasn't sure it really did it for me. I also liked the salsas that came with the chips. I ordered then an Autumn Margarita, which seened like it had too many ingredients, but I ordered it anyway and it was kind of busy but sort of all right. I was assured that there would be plenty of vegetarian options because Rick Bayless's daughter is reportedly a vegetarian. These options consisted of mushroom tacos (substitute out the beans) and some MIlanesa de Verdura thing which was basically like breaded and fried turnip slices and such with mashed beans and cabbage. It was fine but it seemed more like a plate of side dishes without an entree. It looks more substantial in the picture on the website but the problem isn't the amount of food on the plate, it's the fact that it's so underwhelming. It was just kind of boring. The desserts we tried were the pecan pie, the flan duo, and Bunuelos Navidenos, some mexican holiday pastry ice cream thing. None of them was particularly amazing but they were all right, in the order I listed them. The pecan pie was actually pretty good. I think I might have enjoyed everything a little better if I hadn't been so put out by the first forty minutes in the restaurant. I mean, I would think they'd want to get people seated right away so they could have them out the door by seven o'clock. Weird and rude is how I felt about that.
