It's been about 16 years since I was introuced me to Sabatino's, and almost as long since my last visit. I went away to college & never came back! After driving by the other day, I thought I should check it out again.  The place has been described by other reviewers as "old school," and I really can't think of a better way to describe it. When you walk in, you find yourself in the bar, which I'm certain hasn't changed in 40 or 50 years. Everything there and in the restaurant in kind of big and heavy, and made of dark wood. The bar also boasts a baby grand and a very charming performer singing & playing. Yelp classifies it as romantic, but I suppose it is because nothing else really fits. I wouln't say it's romatic, but it's old, dim, cozy, old-school and the anti-hip. Additionally, the crowd is pretty old-school. They look like the Italians of my suburban-Italian youth. Towards the end of the bar, is the host stand. It was fairly busy, but the host was back pretty quickly and helped us.  I had made a reservation, as is recomended, and we were seated as soon as our whole party arrived. We sat and soon were brough water with lemon and a delicious loaf of crusty Italian bread. Shortly after, they brought pizza bread, which was very yummy and devoured by the table (watch out, vegetarians--it contains sausage). They then brought us complimentary bruschetta. I don't know why, but I appreciate the 5-star treatment and it was very tasty & fresh.  Before I move on to the orders, you should note that although they seem a little pricey, everything comes with soup (minestrone or stracciatela) and salad, and non-pasta dishes come with a side of pasta. That is a LOT of food! A lot of GOOD food. Stracciatela (Italian spinach & egg drop soup) is one of my faves, an they do an excellent job with it. The entrees were also very good. I had the farfalle boscaiola (which has more han the advertised "touch" of cream). It was tasty & I've already had it for lunch today & have enough for at least another meal. My husband enjoyed the tilapia, and our friends had the spinach ravioli with gotgonazola pesto sauce, the chopped sirloin with blue cheese and onion, & chicken parmigiana. Everyone enjoyed their dishes an 3 of us had a 2nd meal to take home.  Afterwards, we passed on dessert since we had no room (a true disappointment given their flambe desserts as well as many choices I'd have happily devoured had I any room left) and they brought us a fruit tray! It was super nice, and I don't know why they gave it to us, but no complaints here. It's not the very best Italian food, but it is good, hearty, well-prepared, an hugely portioned. The service is also very good.  Our server & the support staff were all attentive and unintrusive. I'll be back!
