Two words- BREAKFAST HEAVEN! Yes, yes, BREAKFAST HEAVEN. Cage free organic eggs, fresh fruit, sweet, savory, healthy, not-so healthy options galore, specials so amazing and mouth watering you'll have a hard time getting to the regular menu- even after a couple of visits! The portions were huge- if you and your dinning compainion were interested in the same item I would suggest you split it. Upon looking at the menu during my first visit, I was floored as I could not decide what to try(this never happens to me). I settled on 2scrambled egg whites(healthy), baby red potatoes(because I love potatoes) and their Flax Seed Pancake special(an attempt to be healthy). My egg whites were light and fluffy, my pancakes were UMMM, UMMM GOOD, drizzled with honey and fresh berries(no syrup required) and my potatoes were good- not great, good. I am very sad that those Flax Seed pancakes were a special and not a menu regular! My Mom had the egg white scramble with Canadian bacon, hot tea and a juice blend. If you love jucies/smoothies this is definately the place for you. My Mom- who is NOT a fan of panckes, wished she had ordered mine as they didnt taste "healthy" what so ever! On subsequent visits to Meli, Ive had their omelets(light and fluffy), different pancake specials, and various egg dishes. Ive never left anything less than completly happy. Although Im not a juice/smoothie person, my curiosity got the better of me and I ordered the Purple Haze- VERY good, but Id rather focus on the glorious food. The only negative things I could say about this establishment was that- they were crowded, and the some of the tables are placed VERY close together(obviously in an attempt to maximize space), AND the prices. Im perfectly willing to pay a bit extra for a WONDERFUL meal, but the "extras" are a bit expensive(75cents for extra maple syrup, 45cents for extra butter, $1.95 for an extra egg or egg whites). Never the less I keep coming back to Meli because I love the food(especially the specials- hey that rhymes!), the atmosphere and the service. I
