I hate to be a hater but this place isn't worth all the hype (or the heap of money they charge for the food) - Hubs and I decided to try GE on our way home from an after charity event on a Friday. It was 5:45pm so we didn't think stopping in without a resie would be an issue. The place was virtually empty, expected. When we asked for a table, the hostess said she would need a minute to check and that we were welcome to have a drink at the bar while she found out. A drink at the bar while waiting for a table, I understand. A drink at the bar while waiting to find out if you even have a table for us sounds like a very transparent (and poor) upsell technique. So out of principal, we purposely did not order a drink while waiting. Now, let me be clear - It is completely against my better judgement to sit anywhere and not have a nice cocktail in hand, especially at a swanky bar. I was just annoyed by the fact that she wanted me to buy a drink while she checked to see if she could even seat us at all. Ok, so Strike 1 for GE. Shortly thereafter, said hostess finds a spot for us and we sit for dinner. Delicious chive popcorn on the table helped us ease into a more relaxing state of mind. Then, the opening of the wine list...no bottle of wine under $79. Look, we aren't cheap people and we know good wine (I mean, we got married in Napa and all). We know well enough that it's not difficult to offer a decent wine selection in the mid $40-50 range. Ok, so whatever, not THAT big of a deal - We order a nice bottle and continue to enjoy our popcorn. Then we start noticing the fruit flies. Yes, fruit flies - PLURAL. We saw at least 3-4 buzzing around our wine and food as well as that of the other patrons. Seriously? You don't put a wine for less than $79 on your menu and you have bugs flying around your establishment? A serious Strike 2, GE. We try to ignore the flies and continued to shoe them away for the rest of our meal. We ordered 3 apps and an entree to share as we weren't starving but wanted a taste of everything. We enjoyed the fluke tartare which was definitely different. The sweetbread empanada was nothing special and the deconstructed cesaer was much fishier than anticipated. We shared the cod for dinner was was very good, but per the other reviewers below, nothing all that special. We would have had dessert but hubs was so grossed out by the bugs he just wanted to check to get out of there. Strike 3. Of course, it's not necessarily GE's fault that hubs didn't want to stick around but it kind of is. The total bill? $287 for an "nothing special" meal with fruit fly friends. At least the expensive wine was good. Definitely won't be visting again.
