This place usually surprises me with inventive food. They find a way to incorporate non-traditional ingredients into rather commonplace dishes, and for the most part the end result is pleasing. Unfortunately, I've had enough almost-total-misses that I wonder why there isn't more consistency in quality or presentation. There are few gray areas on the menus--the food is either great or mediocre. The same can be said for the drinks, they are either well-prepared or weak and lackluster. I also wonder about their pricing model, as some items are entirely too expensive considering their ingredients and preparation. A key area where the restaurant shines are in simple touches. Cardamon and star anise where there's usually only cinnamon. The option to have your latte served in a bowl (more appealing in reality than description). Sweetened squash puree instead of ketchup (see previous qualifier). A key area where this place drops the ball is in offering "high" dining items alongside often "hippie" dining accompaniments. I once ordered the mussels and dared ask for a seafood fork. The incredulous look on my waitress' face made me wonder if I suggested that sustainable food was the latest craze which should die a slow death at a factory farm. She mentioned that I could use the french fries ("which are quite similar to pom-me frite-s") to absorb the sauce ("which is how the Belgian do it"). Fantastic, but about the mussels? She offered me a teaspoon. I ate them with a dinner fork and my fingers. Yes, to the horror of my date and my sensibilities. I needed to wage a silent protest, and licking delicious greasiness off of my fingers never felt so emptily self-righteous. I won't even get into how the sweet potato fries come with a goat cheese dip. It's labeled a fondue. Don't get me wrong, this dish is one of the highlights of the menu. But don't gussy it up--they are cheese fries. But they do offer Absinthe with a traditional French preparation, which almost makes up for any raised eyebrow moments while reading their menu. I have resisted drinking these while having their cheese fries, as I would not be surprised if I held a Bic lighter under the cheese ramekin while slurring, "See, this...THIS is a fondue...somewhat!" That is, if I'm not too busy sopping up the water which runs down the side of its awkward metal pot after each pour. I won't bother mentioning my waitress' (who, by the way, was not Mussel Girl) response to my request for another, less messy, method to add water to my drink. Sa-c-re Bl-eu! The menu is revised often enough to ensure an almost 50/50 chance that what is offered will be outstanding. There is also a performance area in the restaurant, which is home to some of the more eclectic musical choices I've seen under one roof.  While there's a parking lot? It's quite tricky to use when it's almost full. There's usually ample street parking, though.
