Great bbq. Pricey. Almost worth it.More specifically: delicious bread & butter pickles and potato chips brought to the table with the menus. The potato chips are very crisp and salty. We'll get back to salty in a moment as it's a keynote taste at Q.There's a bit of sticker shock at the prices - about 2x - 3x what I'm used to paying for bbq. The server's introductory speech made reference to raising the standard (or bar or something) by using extra-special ingredients. That these ingredients justify much higher prices was unstated but strongly implied. My wife and I figured we'd order basic items and add others if we were still hungry. We split a lettuce salad. There was enough that we each got a large soup bowl of salad made with fresh greens. I had a pulled pork sandwich and fries. My wife had a half-slab of ribs and cornbread. Those are - for us - the standards by which one judges a bbq restaurant.Pulled pork sandwich: lots and lots of pulled pork on a pretzel bun. Reminiscent of Manny's deli-sized portions of corned beef. There are bowls of spicy bbq sauce, mild sauce, and North Carolina vinegar sauce. The pulled pork was delicious without any sauce. It was, however, very salty, probably from the rub that was applied before smoking. All three of the sauces were excellent on the pork.Half-slab of ribs: meaty, lean ribs. Very tasty - also most likely due to the extra-salty rub. No sauce needed although the sauce didn't hurt anything.Corn bread: Dense, grainy texture, slightly sweet taste. Very good.French fries: Served hot! (I hate it when the fries are luke warm.) But not crisp. Almost undercooked. Limp. With all the attention lavished on the other items it seems as if this were intentional. I can't imagine why. Oh, yeah, and salty.We took home a quarter of the pulled pork sandwich and about three of the ribs. The portions were that large. This morning the scale showed I'd gained 1.7 pounds since yesterday. I'm guessing about 1.5 pounds of it is water from all the salt at dinner.-js-
