The occasion: our 10-year anniversary. The destination: the one, the only, the legendary Alinea. The company: our friends, first-rate foodies who were looking for the right excuse.We were shown to a nice table surrounded by four comfortable chairs. As soon as we sat, a cartoon-like time-shift occurred: we slowed down while the staff around us went into a frenzy. They simply had no time. While I was in mid-sentence, they stepped in, placed a dish, explained the dish, and disappeared. All within a blink of an eye. We were left dumb-founded. Where did these dishes come from? What were the secret ingredients? How were they used? So many questions unanswered.The process repeated again and again. Dishes presented in haste. Explanations mumbled. Wine, seemingly unrelated to the food, was poured with little to no explanation. We never found out what two of the ten wines were. We tried. We really tried. We tried asking about the food. We tried asking about the wine. For our efforts we were rewarded with an additional five seconds of incoherent mumbling. My request to tell us more about the unusual caponata on my plate was answered: the eggplant is not pureed.Much of the magic was gone. The conversation centered on all but the food. Ah, the food. Yes, I almost forgot the food. Twenty-courses ranging from the absolutely divine to the downright mediocre were placed in front of us, in a rapid 5-hour succession. From the heights of the razor-clam to the lows of the single oyster leaf. From a white-truffled risotto a notch above perfection, to a truffled pasta a notch below. From the sea urchin the likes of which I've never had to the cold borscht that plagued the meals of my childhood. 'Inconsistent' would be the perfect word to describe our dining experience. Presentation won at the expense of taste. Dishes such as the squab were left for us to interpret and construct without the guiding wisdom of our host chef. The last desert, the dark chocolate, for all its pomposity was a meaningless collection of random tastes. We all agreed it simply did not work. The king is naked.Imagine a scale where price and hedonism battle for gravity's reach. We came looking for the ultimate decadent dining experience. We knew that the sum paid would be beyond the realms of logic and justification - Alinea complied. But the scales wouldn't balance. The hedonistic animal within us left unsatiated and ashamed. The food didn't reach the glorious promised peaks; the service didn't break the surface of polite friendliness; curiosity was not satisfied. We will have to keep looking.
