The Short story: D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S. Worth the wait. The Looong story: I went here for the first time today since one of my best friends was in town. I have heard so many good things about this place and I've been dying to try it. We came here earlier this summer to eat, but when we got there we found out it was closed because they were on vacation. Weird for such a popular business. Check online or call-in ahead of time to make sure they're open. So anyway, I was kinda anxious to get there because they close at 4pm, and between wrangling up my friends, getting out of the house, and finding an ATM to pick up some money (they take CASH only, keep that in mind) ... we got there at 3:30. I was kinda worried we wouldn't make the cut-off, but as people came and went from the queue, we found out we were fine. The wait was about 45 minutes. Totally worth the 30 minute conversation about halloween costumes. We finally queue to the door, we walk in, and the place itself is very cool. Just enough room to walk around, and at most maybe you can seat a table of 6 friends. Like any other Chicago food stop, it's got tons of kooky, kitschy sports and historical crap on the walls. The decor is really outrageous, primary colors abound. The menu is pretty big considering it's just sausages and encased meats, separated into "regular" dogs and specials. I looked at the menu online and decided ahead of time what specials wanted to try: the "Mountain man" and "Catalonia" sausage. Price-wise, it is a pretty good value. The cashier (who I am going to assume is "Doug" himself) was incredibly cordial, along with the waiters who seat you and bring your orders. They are super efficient and the service is very quick. Okay, here comes the best part of the whole experience, the food. Oh man. It is so great, and the meat is so perfectly spiced and prepared. I am an adamant carnivore, and they're honestly like no other sausage I've had before. And the cheese and sauces accompanying the meat so perfectly accentuate and compliment the meat. Man, oh man. Words cannot describe it, you must try it yourself. My friends also shared their duck fat fries. At first I didn't think they were too special, but once you cleanse your pallet from the delicious sausage fest and have a bunch of em in a row, you start to appreciate the special-ness and subtle ducky-ness. Very good. Can't wait to come here again and try something else.
