I really really wanted to love this place... heard such good things from friends and had been looking forward to eating here for a long while. Nothing went terribly wrong, but everything was just terribly "meh" and I was not left with any desire to return. Note to folks who haven't been before, if you want to do the 13 course menu you need to request it in advance. We weren't told this when calling to make our reservation, neither did we see this on the website when we were reading through the two menu options and the list of wine pairing suggestions. It was really disappointing to discover we couldn't do the 13 upon arrival because we hadn't ordered in advance. Not a disaster, but it was disappointing to learn at that point. The food was just fine overall - some dishes great, others not so much. My dining partner and I left part of the "cheese and crackers" and the chocolate dessert uneaten (something I really never do at places like this). The service was fine...not at all friendly, but maybe that's just their style. My one real qualm came to service with our wine... we had to ask to be served the wine that we brought (ended up eating the first course without any because I guess they forgot about it). I also asked our server to pair our 3 wines with our food in whatever order worked best (had this done previously at Schwa and it worked beautifully). The servers must have forgotten this as well, because we had to ask to switch from white to red, and never were even offered the option to open our third bottle. It seemed like they were expecting us to just drink one bottle until it was gone, then move to the next...and so forth. In coming to a place like this I was expecting guidance on the pairings, but didn't get it and that was disappointing. Not a bad experience per se, but for the experience to price ratio I had last night I just cannot bring myself to give more than two stars (I almost gave three, but it just didn't feel right). Maybe I'll wait a while and give them another chance...
