It appears that Pequod's is an acquired taste. Either that or they made the worst pizza in their history the night we ordered a pizza to be delivered to our apartment. I love pizza. I mean I really, really love pizza. Giordano's, Malnati's, GIno's, Ranalli's, Edwardo's - I love them all. They are all different, but the differences make it fun to order pizza from different places. We were very excited to try Pequod's because - clearly - most people really like their pizza. I hate to be so negative, but I was absolutely shocked at how bad this pizza was. One of the other reviewers rates this a notch above Pizza Hut - and I think that's about right.  Let's start with the crust. It is unique, but it also completely overwhelms the pizza. The pizza really is about 80% bread. That would never be a good thing, but it definitely isn't a good thing at Pequod's. Also, the pizza didn't have nearly enough cheese and the sauce was bland to the point of being nearly tasteless. I had to dump a ton of red peppers on each slice of pizza to give the pizza any taste at all.  What made all of this worse is that we always order a large pizza so that we can enjoy the leftovers for a couple of days. I find that most pizza is as good - if not better - the second day. Not Pequod's. This pizza dries out very rapidly (since it is mostly bread), and the lack of taste on the first day is amplified by the (now) lousy texture that you encounter on days two and three. I have never thrown out leftover pizza; if my wife hadn't eaten the last two slices, then this would have been my first time.  It would help a bit if this pizza weren't so expensive, but a large with sausage, green peppers, and onion was about $28. A similar pie from Ranalli's or Edwardo's is about five dollars cheaper (in part because it is very easy to get coupons for either of these restaurants). We did order delivery - so maybe it would be better at the restaurant - but I am not going to go there to find out. I only have four months left in Chicago, and I can't afford to waste another evening of pizza on Pequod's.  For what it is worth the delivery was VERY prompt - absolutely fantastic service.
