Before Las Tablas moved, I would have given it 5 stars, but I'm heavy into ambiance, and theirs kinda went down the shoot when they moved. I was so excited to introduce this place to my boyfriend for (one of his) 30th b-day dinners. This one was on me b/c I can afford BYOB and $20 steak & shrimp. I looked up the address online to refresh my memory, and we headed out.  Imagine my confusion when we arrived to find it there, yet looking completely different. I knew I was in the same area as previous visits, but from the outside it now resembled a dentist's office. It took a walk inside and an awkward conversation w/ the manager (who probably thought I was a few marbles short) before I accepted that this was, indeed, the new (and improved?) Las Tablas. In other words, they've moved across the street.  With its cozy vibrant authentic feel and picnic tables (picnic tables!), I loved the old spot. That's been traded in for what reminds me more of a strip mall joint, losing most of its visual character in the process. Once I got over it (ok, i'm still not quite over it), I was relieved to see my favorite combo still on the menu (steak & shrimp). I'm not a big steak eater, but I like how thin the meat is and the way it's cooked. Even though there's some fat on there, it's so big you can easily avoid it and still fill up. The grilled shrimp is great. Love me some scrimps. Plus you get a plantain and yuca with it. It's loads of food and -for only $20 (up $2 from the last location)- it's a steal!  I was also relieved to find I could still bring in my bottle of wine. I think they "forgot" to charge us the corkage fee, but I noticed it would have been pretty high at around $8. In the end, the food was just as good as before, and my boyfriend didn't know what he was missing from the location of yore. I'll definitely go back for the food, I just won't talk up the overall feel of the place like I once did. To end on a positive note, it seems possible that with the roomier location, the weekend wait won't be as bad as before, which would be a good thing. I hate waits.
