My mother came to visit me in the city the other day... Considering she had never even come to visit once in college or ever for that matter... this was kind of surprising. Naturally, I took her to Chinatown. There's endless choices in Chinatown. We settled for Lao Sze Chuan because I had never been before and have heard good things. Plus, dimsum is pretty much the same everywhere so if you're looking for a place to get delicious Chinese dishes outside the usual dimsum style then this is a good option. It's hidden on the end of the strip. It's pretty pricey, about $12-14 per dish, but the food was really good and authentic. Easily shared. The spicy bamboo shoots that come free at the beginning of your meal are SPICY. Beware, it'll make your palette numb. I don't really know the English names for the dishes we ordered, so I'll do my best. The garlic with Chinese veggie (gonshing chai) was delicious and brings me back to childhood. Light and not too salty, it was a good palette cleanser since everything else was pretty spicy. The fish filets in chili sauce was delicious. Not overly spicy and great over white rice. The 3 cups chicken is a must order. So good, the sauce is a bit sweet and the chicken falls off the bones. Reminds me of the 3 cup chicken I ate in Taiwan. I will order this every time. The noodles were forgettable. The Don Don noodles were just ok, the sauce was a bit salty. The wonton soup wasn't very good either. I've made better at home. The whole dish was very bland and the wontons were ordinary. I'd skip these. Overall though, it was a really good meal and I'm glad we chose this over dimsum. Again, dimsum is pretty much the same everywhere you go, although delicious. If you want traditional family style shared plates, then Lao Sze Chuan is a great option. Note though, the menu is like a book so it helps to have someone that knows how to order come with. The waitress was rude. My mom tried to order something off memory and instead of just saying they don't have that dish, the waitress was like 'do you see that in the menu? please show me cuz it's not on there.' Umm ok then, unnecessary but this is as expected in Chinatown I suppose.
