I have to corroborate the story that my girlfriend wrote about this place. We order from there quite a bit since it is close to her place. On numerous occasions they've forgotten the little things like soy sauce and chop sticks. But on one particular night (a night that we were crunched for time and trying to get to the airport...all of which I explained to them) they totally botched the order... and then some. First of all when we got the food delivered, it was someone elses order. Then when the delivery person came back she had only come to pick up the wrong order... BUT failed to bring our correct order. We were starving and on the way to the airport, so we ate what they incorrectly sent us. As we were eating the sushi on the way to the airport, I got a shard of glass in my sushi (I still have the glass for proof). It chipped the back of my tooth. When we called and mentioned all of this they agreed to refund us and give us credit for our standard order for 3 times. They did honor this once. But the second time they completely retracted their offer and said they'd throw in an appetizer. On the day this happened,they told me all of this would be appropriately detailed on my girlfriends and my account. Obviously that was a lie to avoid legal action at the time and to appease us. Furthermore, on the original day when I asked to speak with the owner, I got a girl (Anna) who in retrospect wasn't even the owner. I think this was a very poor/unprofessional way for the restaurant to treat customers that order from them routinely and spend good money there. I was very disappointed in the customer service, follow up and how difficult they (including the owner) made this whole thing for me considering they really screwed up. I almost swallowed a piece of glass! As a physician I'm very aware and have seen some bad consequences of swallowed glass. I guess I'm lucky I only chipped a tooth. But not lucky for the experience I had with management. This left a bad taste (worse than glass) in my and Fiona's mouth. Check out her review if you want corroboration! I'm normally a very patient person and it takes a lot to get me riled up. I never complain and am always nice to the wait staff. So for this to make me upset enough to want to write a review (my first), it must have really pissed me off and made me feel lied to/decieved.
