A night at Grant Achat's Alinea ranks as one of the best meals of my life. Everything about this meal was exquisite - from the service, to the atmosphere, to the food. The French style service is extremely attentive and classy and our sommelier was very knowledgeable and chatty as we made our way through the wine paring.  Be aware that the wine can drive an already large bill into the stratosphere especially as the sommelier will occasionally "upsell" you to a more offbeat wine. We spent $500 (without tip) for two people on the 12 course meal with wine pairings and 2 "upsells". I don't regret either of the occasions I chose his alternate recommendations - both were fantastic and unusual styles of familiar grapes - a Pinor Noir and a Grenache. They seem to have simplified the menu the taste (12 courses) and the tour (22-26 courses). We rolled out of there after a mere 12 courses in 4 1/2 hours. According to our waiter, the 24-ish course meal could take anywhere from 2 1/2 hours (chefs) to 7 1/2 hours (whew). The entire meal contained elements of drama that targets all the senses and you'll never be short of conversation (however long your meal is) as Chef Achat gives you plenty to talk about as he leads you though this spectacular 12 act culinary show. Some of the dramatic highlights: Hot Potato (cold potato, black truffle, and parmesan). Our first dish came in a miniature bowl with a skewer stuck through the side of the bowl on which a cold potato ball, a sliver of black truffle, and parmesan were suspended over the bowl. Our waiter instructed us to remove the skewer allowing everything to drop into a cold potato soup, which we then knocked back like a decadent shot. Lamb (akudjura, nicoise olive, eucalyptus veil). Our waiter sat a large bowl full of warm eucalyptus leaves in front of us. Nestled in the middle of this fragrant and beautiful bowl was a skewer with a cube of lamb and an olive on it. Duck (persimmon, onion, pillow of mace air). Easily the most dramatic dish. A cloth pillow filled with mace scented air was placed in front of each of us and a dish with duck confit, duck breast and fois gras was placed on top. As we dug into this dish the air was slowly released from the pillow mixing with the food smells and leading us to visions of Alinea branded mace spray for linens. UPDATE: Check out the review in Wired: http://www.wired.com/wir
