For a while now I wondered what the "It" in Simply It stood for, now I've got some strong working theories: * Simply great food * Simply great service * Simply BYOB * Simply ridiculous that I live around the corner and it took a GNO to get me through the door Even though this place got a lot of great Yelp reviews, I shied away from this place because I'm such a picky eater; until the most recent GNO that is. Since our meal was being served family style I didn't have to worry about committing to a single dish and being disappointed. The space is small, simple and colorful. They accomodated the ladies trickling in for dinner with ease, adding tables, chairs, and place settings as necessary. Our meal started with trays of appetizers and accompanying sauces. I tried the shrimp spring rolls and the veggie egg rolls. Maybe I didn't put enough sauce on my spring rolls, but I found them to be just ok. Very fresh, but a little too much filler (lettuce, daikon, whatever) for my liking. I usually shy away from all foods with the word egg in them, but I gave the mini veggie egg roll a shot and I must say it was pretty damn good. I can't say this has converted me into an egg roll fan, but I would partake if I had these again. Next came the salad. Our GNO menu had stated that it would be a calamari salad, but it came out with shrimp instead. Whatever the reason for the switch up the salad was really good and had a nice, subtle zing to it. The main courses I tried were the pineapple calamari, served out of a halved pineapple, and the sauteed vegetables. Both were quite good, but the pineapple calamari was my favorite. I'm not usually a fan pineapple dishes, they usually come out too sweet and the sauce too thick for my liking, but this was perfect and light. I probably could have polished off a whole pinapple dish myself! For dessert they served a fried banana dish and complimentary fruit plates. Our pretty banana dish garnished with whipped cream and chocolate drizzle went in lightning speed; the fruit was the perfect final bite and did well to sop up any remaining chocolate on the banana plate. Now that I've eased my way into Vietnamese cuisine I definitely plan to make a trip back!
