My heart belongs to "Korean Restaurant" also known as Han-gu-kwan, but San Soo Gab San has become its replacement. (Anyone know when/if Korean Restaurant will re-open in its new location?) The food is really good, authentic, and reasonably priced. It has plenty of tables, and overflow patrons are placed in the sister sushi restaurant next door. When you go, you must order a grill dish (bulgogi, kalbi, etc.), because it tastes so good and gives you a good Korean dinner experience. I love the ban-chan -- they have a lot of them, which is indicative of a good Korean restaurant. (I know that all Korean restaurants do it, but isn't it funny when you see potato salad in the banchan dishes?) Sometimes they serve kimchee that's not quite ripe, but oh well. It happens. DON'T WEAR NICE CLOTHING! Yeah, it's not a very well-ventilated place and when you've got a dozen or more grills going at the same time, you're bound to come out smelling and feeling very greasy and garlicky. Yes, the stink can stay in your clothes for a good week, so be aware of what you wear when you go.  The Bibimbab is excellent, although sometimes they put iceberg lettuce in it, which I think is so freaking weird. I also enjoy their duk mandookuk, which has the right amount of flavor. I tried the spicy tuna maki roll, and it was pretty damn good. They put a little ko-chu-jang in the spicy sauce which makes me really tasty. Weekends are super busy. Don't even think of trying ot park in that ridiculously tiny parking lot. People can't park their giant SUVs right and I'm sure dings happen all the time. You can park easily on the side streets. It's a bit run-down and dive-y looking inside, but I think that indicates that it's a GOOD Korean restaurant. :) Another thing...I think this place is supposed to be open 24/7, just like Korean Restaurant. I've tried Solga, which is fairly good, but I prefer San Soo Gab San. I think it's less expensive than Solga.  (Hm, but Solga does have an advantage -- their no-rae-bang (karaoke rooms))!
