When I was planning my trip to Chicago, I had a friend recommend Giordano's to me, and after he sent me pictures of the thick slices of cheese and meat I knew I had to try it. "Apparently they do national delivery!" I said. "Yeah, but I'm not gonna pay $30 to have it delivered to me," he replied. "I love that you know exactly how much the delivery would cost." Let me clarify that I wasn't disappointed by Giordano's pizza. There are other reviews that echo the bad service and I have to say that it's true. Firstly, it's extremely confusing that the official website lists this location under 130 E Randolph St but it's actually on 135 E Lake St. We placed a carry out order online for a sausage and mushroom pizza which went through fine, but when we went to the front desk (dine in) to ask for our order the hostess said no such order existed and that they didn't do carry out. Confused, we walked around the block several times and saw a sign for Giordano's on Randolph, but couldn't figure out how to access what we thought was a different location. When we called to ask for directions, they told us to go on Lake St, which was even more confusing. "Should we go in and ask again?" my friend said--until we saw the "carry out & delivery" entrance on the side of the building. When we went in and got our pizza, I think the cashier recognized my voice and asked us where we had gone the first time. After I told him we had initially gone to the front, he said, "Oh, yeah, she doesn't know anything about the carry out." ......................................okay. However, I don't think their service will improve any time soon since they know the strength of their pizza will keep customers coming. Don't get me wrong, their pizza was pretty good, but after a few slices, the realization that you're basically biting into a giant slab of cheese hits you and it starts to get kind of gross. I seriously LOVE cheese and it started to become too much for me after about two slices. It's definitely worth a try as a novelty, but I don't think I would get this again. Lou Malnati's is way better. I feel like most of my friends who recommended Giordano's haven't tried Lou's yet. Now THAT'S a pizza that can stand by the strength of its ingredients and the quality of its crust alone, as opposed to relying on an insane amount of cheese to give flavor. Giordano's is a pretty good one night stand, but Lou Malnati's is my main squeeze.
