This review is long overdue. Carnivale has become one of our special occasion go-to places in the city. Not only because of Carnivale's fun atmosphere, but because of the delicious assortment of food and drinks. Housed in what was a former warehouse, the first time you walk into the main dining room in Carnivale really takes your breath away. Extremely high ceilings and just about every bright color imaginable line the walls, ceilings, and dcor at this place - really something. For the best dining experience, I would recommend that when making a reservation, you ask to be seated in the main dining room that really has a party environment. If you are looking for something more intimate and quiet, there are also smaller closed off areas off the main dining room, as well as upstairs. We have dined here several times, but I always have a few favorites you simply can't go wrong with. I love that they use local organic ingredients and offer seasonal dishes, ensuring that their food is fresh, and you can really taste the difference. For starters, try the ropa vieja appetizer. It is amazing - blending the flavorful & spicy taste of succulent braised beef over a sweet plantain disc. My favorite dinner is the arrachera grilled skirt steak which is topped in a spicy and flavorful chimichurri sauce and sweet red onions - SO GOOD. This is seriously some of the most tender and juicy skirt steak I've had in the city. As if this weren't filling enough, you also get a very generous side of rice and red beans. Carnivale also has a great variety of fun drinks. I recommend the raspberry mojito which is really refreshing and the frozen white sangria made with peach schnapps, pisco brandy, white grape juice, and white wine. Just don't drink it too fast like I do and get a brain freeze. I can also vouch for the brunch - try the chilaquiles & down them with some mimosas. I won't give Carnivale a full 5 stars mainly for their desserts & price. I would probably say that desserts are probably the weakest part of Carnivale's menu. I've tried the churros and the brownies and was not all that impressed. Also, expect to spend about $50/person when you include the appetizer & dinner; not even including wine or other specialty drinks or dessert. Nonetheless, Carnivale is the perfect place to dine for that special occasion, or to stop in for a few drinks at the fun bar area. What's neat about the bar area is that you can now order appetizers there. They go all out for certain holidays; there was one Valentine's Day where they had stilt walkers walking around the main dining room and all of the drinks had heart-shaped hard candy garnishes. Definitely make a reservation, because they tend to be very busy, especially on the weekends & holidays.
