Superdawg is Chicago's # 1 Hot Dog! I said it, and I mean it. Superdawg has been with me since I was a 4 yr old, today I am 24 years old. So all in all, we are talking about 20 years of Superdawg consumption. The following is a flow chart of my Super Dawg past: 4YRS---I was four years old and sitting on my mom's lap listening to her her order into the voice/ordering box.--5YRS--My mother continued cutting my hot dog into small pieces for me to eat.--6YRS--I am sitting on my dad's lap and milkshake with a spoon--7RS--I am being held on my dads shoulders and waiting in line for a Charburger--8YRS--I have a small paperbox filled with a SuperDawg, french fries, and some unique pickles--9--YRS---Eating a large hot dog is no longer a difficult task--12YRS--The family still makes the occasional stop at SuperDawg--16YRS--The high school newspaper prints 50% discount coupons with no expiration date--17RS--Riding bicycle in the forest preserve and finishing with a 2 Super Dawgs--18YRS--Lots of late night Superdawgs. The glowing weiner king and weiner queen shinning into the late night sky. 4 blocks to the north the blue neon glistens in the forest preserves canopy. Only the super hot dog king and see the xeon beauty.--24YRS--Coming home from Lincoln Park and possibly dirving too intoxicated. The warm glow of the store, the 5 other people waiting in line. Usually jeans and a sweath shirt, a feeling that a Super Dawg will help make them feel better. Super Dawg isn't just a hot dog, hamburger, or chicken crispers (A NEW ITEM I BELIEVE). It's much much more. It's a remnant of a time when restaurants were drive in, and 50's music played in the background. When the meats were probably less toxic, and the fries, a little more natural. SuperDawg holds onto that way of life, yet, has progressed into a Chicago almagamation of types. Across the street is a Dunkin Donuts, UPS store, or other b"Brand" type business. Super Dawg is all thats left in today's culture of consumerism and corporate branding. I would like to thank the owner of Super Dawg, whoever you are, for managing to keep this place a SOLID operation. I'm sure profit is a motive, but I know it must be much much more then that for you. And thats why it is what it is: "The best hot dog in Chicago."
