After all the hype, the rave reviews from friends, the two month wait to get a reservation (and thanks to the hostess for a last minute change from 2 to 4 people, though it did mean changing the time to 9pm) - I left this place thinking "the emporer has no clothes people!" We arrived a few minutes before our reservation and were told that our table wasn't quite ready. We headed up to the busy not not packed bar and waited....and waited over 15 minutes for service. In that time we snagged a neighbor's drink menu, talked to some other people who were also waiting for drinks (they had already eaten and told us the food was not so good) and watched as the bartenders ran around frantically. In all this time we didn't get so much as an "I'll be with you in a second". Instead they avoided eye contact while pouring drinks right in front of us. You've got to be kidding me. We finally ordered a round of $11 cocktails, just in time for our table to be ready. One member of our group told the hostess about the delay in service as we sat down. Once seated, the service improved. But about 5 minutes after we ordered a bottle of wine, the hostess came over to tell us that because of our crappy experience at the bar, our first round would be on the house. Nice, but thanks for waiting 15 minutes to tell us that. At this point it was nearly 10:30 and we had a party to get to, so we decided to order a bunch of small plates to share and then see if we wanted to share 2 large plates after that. Everything came out in two rounds of food. The ceasar salad was fine, but the dressing, which I guess might be called delicate, bordered on bland. The twinkie toasts were good but the rest wasn't. The goat cheese risotto was also mediocre, I can make better at home. The foie gras was outstanding though, a mousse layered on top of a long rice krispie treat. Now this was the "whimsical" presentation and exceptional food I had expected. Next came the potato cheese soup (tasted like it came from a can), buffalo chicken (I can make a chicken breast with hot sauce on it at home) and the autumn squash gnocchi (again, utterly lacking in any major flavors). At this point we were done, we decided to skip dessert and contemplated whether we should complain. As another review mentioned, you feel bad complaining when it looks like you ate it all, but of course divide a tiny dish into 4 and each person gets 1-2 bites, enough to determine they don't like it. What clinched it was when I went into the unisex single-stall bathroom as a server was coming out, to find that there was pee on the seat, tp in the unflushed toiltet, and the roll of tp was empty (though there were stacks of fresh rolls right there). Seriously? So we called the manager over and explained our troubles. From the ridiculous service at the bar to the bland and boring food (with the only exception being the foie gras) to the bathroom incident, we were extremely dissapointed in the whole experiences. He listened and seemed very concerned. He mentioned that the menu was new and that maybe some changes needed to be made and said our food would be comped. Of course the bill came and that first round that was supposed to be on the house, was on the bill. I didn't realize the server was nearby and pointed it out to my friends. She overheard and aplogized and brought back a bill for $40 (on which we tipped $60). Nothing was horrible, but nothing was very good. With the exception of the foie gras, oh and the truffle salted popcorn, it was so bland and tasteless. When small entrees are in the $30 range and apps are $15-ish, I was expecting so much more. If the menu changes I'll try it again. But as it stands now, it's definately not worth the hype.
