Wow. Just wow. I made the reservation very easily via website. Got a confirmation email with all the information I needed if i had to make any adjustments to the reservation. When I got there she pronounced my last name perfectly, which is so weird because not even my best friends can pronounce it correctly. We got seated before our entire party arrived and they replaced our white napkins with black ones...not sure why but it's all good. Our server came over, major props to Andy, he was awesome and very friendly and enjoyable, he asked if we wanted anything to drink, but we were fine with what we had, my 2 dining companions ordered drinks from the bar and I stuck to water. We were still waiting for one more to join us and Andy kept checking to see if she had arrived, but we finally just decided to order a calamari appetizer. I think that was the best calamari I have ever eaten, it's not a normal calamari either, it is tossed in a sweet and spicy Thai sauce. So freaking good. After we picked over it, all that was left was the octopus looking ones and we didn't like them, a guy, the manager maybe, asked us if anything was wrong with it and I told him that the 2 of us who were eating it just didn't like the octopus looking ones and he offered to bring out a half order of just the rings...what! Talk about customer service! Major points there in my book. We got our entrees, 3 steaks and 1 stuffed chicken. I wasn't in the mood for steak, but the chicken was great! Perfectly cooked and seasoned. The steak potatoes, which really should be called 1/4 pieces of potatoes, were seasoned with rosemary and sun dried tomatoes. The mashed potatoes were great, and I'm really picky about my mashed potatoes. The desserts were all very good. I got the berries with sweet cream and I really wanted to lick the rest of the sweet cream out of the cup, but I restrained myself since I was at such a high class restaurant, and you know, I like to pretend I'm pretty classy. The cheesecake was a small cheesecake...not a slice, a round cheesecake made for two. It looked good too, along with the ice cream and creme brulee my other friends had. Honestly, this place is all about service. Andy was awesome, cracking jokes and using our names if he overheard or could figure out our names somehow. Next week is one of my friends' birthday and we somehow mentioned it, so when dessert got brought out, Andy whipped a candle out of one pocket and a lighter out of the other and we sang happy birthday to our friend. This happened while one was away from the table, but when she came back he did it again. Birthday friend was very embarrassed. I thought it was funny. Another great indication of service was when I got up to use the bathroom and I asked one of the bus boys and he walked me to the bathroom. I felt important. Which I am, but I like to be modest. Oh, another funny thing, one of my friends had her bar napkin under her drink and Andy lifted up her drink and took the napkin. You can't have a bar napkin on table linens! And when I returned from using the bathroom my napkin had been folded nicely and placed on the table. The atmosphere is great. Dark wood. Dim lights. White linens. The staff are great and will move out of your way. The tables are spaced apart so you can't hear the conversation at the next table unless they are talking loud and the tables aren't shoved all against the walls either. Overall, this is my favorite steakhouse in the city [but I do have about 678 more to try in the area]. I will definitely be back for more and next time I'll order a steak. Go here. You'll like it. If not, you've got issues.
