Wow, what a huge disappointment after reading so many positive reviews. We really can't figure it out why so many positive reviews unless someone from the restaurant or friends are constantly updating reviews. I personally travel the world and I am always seeking my next dining adventure. I have never posted a review because I have never been so disappointed in a selection based on reviews.We dined at TRU, if you want to call it that, on May 15, 2010. It was to celebrate an Opera performance competition earlier in the day. We had traveled from Dallas and wanted to eat at what we thought was the top restaurant in Chicago, but we could not have made a poorer decision. I think people are caught up in the ambiance and service and not the food. I want food to explode in flavor in my mouth and most dishes we had one or two bites and sent them back, awaiting the next course. We arrived in the lounge about 30 min prior to our reservation, to have a drink before dinner. I am a scotch drinker, and about the only think cheap about me is that I do like Dewars scotch. They took our order and came back and told us that we do not have Dewars, so the next obvious question was what do you have, which he promptly struggled through. After a couple more babbles I asked if they had a scotch list, and the light bulbs went off and we were given a list. I asked for Glenlivet he brings be Glenfiddich... It was such an ordeal to start.We were seated promptly at our reservation time, and like most chose the Prix Fixe menu. Like most have said the service was outstanding, until we got our first sample courtesy of the chef. We each took one bite and I really wish I could remember what they called it but well it was tasteless. After this, we were brought a selection of breads to choose from which we both made different selections and well the bread was good. Now on to appetizers. We both chose different appetizers, and we both ate no more than three bites and sent them back. With the outstanding service we often questioned why they did not even ask, was it okay, as we were sending back almost the entire dish. Entrees proved to be the same. No taste, no spice, no wow this food is exploding in my mouth. It was comical to see the steak served with mashed potatoes! Dessert consisted of very small portions no larger than my pinkie and again we did not even eat the whole thing. Save the hundreds of dollars that you will spend. Personally I was actually scoping out the restaurant for an upcoming business dinner I will have in Chicago next month, but I am sorry that I tortured my date with this experience. If you want ambiance and service this is your place, just don't go for the food. We really did go eat again afterward, it was that bad.
