I have always enjoyed Asian cuisine, especially Vietnamese. I have been going to Simply It restaurant on Lincoln and Belden. The food is healthy, light and delicious. While dining in, I noticed that the restaurant was offering a cooking class and I was so on board.The class took place on Monday the thirteenth at 5:30 pm. I was never much of an enthusiastic student but as soon as they greeted me with such charisma and joy, I was actually looking forward to the class. Though I felt like I was in a convention when they gave us name tags they actually helped bring the whole class together. Wine, beer, soda and others were provided to accompany the food we were going to indulge. We were introduced to Chef Kim once class started. She was very well spoken and attentive to the class, answering questions that people had or were thinking about. After each dish Kim interacted with all of us, making sure everything was clear. First came the lesson about spring rolls. Kim started by introducing the peanut dipping sauce, followed by the actual spring rolls. One of the high lights of the evening was probably rolling out the spring rolls. I should mention the size of my spring roll was probably about the diameter of a fat Cuban cigar. The tamarind shrimp soup was our next learning dish. It was very interesting to learn about the tamarind fruit/plant since I never heard about it until that night. Then, came the simply it beef, one of my favorite dishes at the restaurant. I really was excited about learning how to make it. The teaching of the dish was done by chef Hung. His explanations were very briefed and short. Fortunately Kim was there to follow and extend the answers and explanations. After the fabulous class, came the best and the most anticipating part that everyone was waiting for, eating the food. After seeing what actually went into every dish it made me appreciate much more the food. It felt like every taste bud was assigned to a specific ingredient making every bite so pleasent. This whole experience was so amazing! I met new people, learned how to cook one of my favorite dishes and got to eat some really good food. I would definitely do it again. As a matter of fact they are having another class in June about barbequing, just in time to show off my family and friends in the summer gatherings.
