I came here for dinner last night with a friend. We got the bacon fat popcorn appetizer for $4. It was a decent size and would probably be best shared between more than just 2 people. It was maybe a little too salty, but it's popcorn so it's supposed to be salty and we obviously aren't health nuts to have ordered something called bacon fat popcorn. There were bacon pieces in it and maybe some cheese and parsley on top (not entirely sure what it was, but it looked like it could be that). We also shared the smokehouse pizza. In hindsight, we should have picked only one item with bacon since I felt like a pig for eating so much pig, plus the grease started to get to me. Completely my own fault, I know. The pizza was thin crust, 10 inches, and it worked well to share between two people, since we're skinny girls who also got the popcorn appetizer. I'd say get one per person if you're really hungry, not getting appetizers or dessert, or if you're a big football player or tall type guy. There were a lot of delicious-sounding pizzas to choose from. Our runner up choice was something like a stuffed baked potato pizza, but they also had margarita, something with seitan, something with arugula, and something with butternut squash, among others. Even though we ordered meat-lovers things, they had an impressive selection of vegetarian items, conveniently indicated on the menu. In hindsight I kind of wish is tried one of those since most of them sounded really good. The menu also included burgers, salads, and some miscellaneous things like fish and chips and steaks. To drink we both ordered dark stouts on tap. They had a special since it was for St. Patrick's day for an Irish car bomb float, which was made of their paddy stout, baileys Irish cream ice cream, and Jameson Irish whiskey whipped cream. I ordered that but had them put the ice cream and whipped cream in a dish on the side, which they did without giving me any trouble. OMG the ice cream and whipped cream was amazing!!!! Seriously awesome. That was by far my favorite part of the experience. The waiter was good but nothing special. He got our order right and wasn't hard to track down but he wasn't particularly personable or helpful. We sat upstairs, which is a cute area with a fireplace and couches, although we were just at normal table. There were a decent number of people there but it wasn't crowded. They have a stage upstairs so I assume they have bands there sometimes, but I didn't notice anything saying who or when. Overall the beer was ok, the food was ok, the service was ok, and the baileys ice cream and Jameson whipped cream rocked my world.
