So I went here for a business dinner with about 20 other people in late September. The place (and mostly the staff) has just stuck out in my mind since then.  We were treated by out of our vendors to the meal. Overall, the food was okay, not spectacular or anything, especially when compared to all of the other great steak houses in Chicago, and honestly, the place was pretty empty, and I think we only went here because the vendor taking us out had delayed in making a reservation anywhere else - this was all that was left in town for such a big group. The main reason for my low rating is the wait stuff - they were so tacky! The head waiter for our table took it upon himself to almost force everyone to order a cocktail (and by the way I was 7 months pregnant, no, I did not want a cocktail). The waiter stands at the front of the large table and says, hey, how about a cocktail for everyone, and half the people are not paying attention, then we all end up with strong, nasty cocktails - I bet half of the people did not even drink it. It was just tacky, and gave me a bad vibe about the place - I knew it was his way of getting the dollar amount on the check up for that bigger tip. And then when it came to ordering wine, he brings a Zinfandel for the red pairing with our meat's - are we not at a steakhouse? Where's the Cab? Not to mention it was a watery Zinfandel from Healdsburg, CA (my husband and I frequent Napa often, so when we saw what they brought out, we could not believe it). Yes, someone at our table should have actually picked a wine specifically, but with a group of 20 people, some hosts just relay on the staff, please at least try to pick something descent. I think we got the wine they knew they were not going to sell otherwise. Dessert was pretty sad as well - it was nothing better than something you would find in the supermarket or Costco pre-made case. Needless to say, I never plan on returning here again, nor would I ever suggest it to a colleague for a business dinner.
