I can't believe that I've never written a review on Zed 451! I went today for Easter brunch for the third year in a row, and thoroughly enjoyed it once again. The price is only $24, and it includes so much delicious food! The vanilla steel cut oatmeal seems to be a staple, and I always look forward to it. The buffalo chicken and waffles...classic. The waffles already have the syrup included. They have a great variety of meat that they bring around, and the selection is not too heavily focused on red meat. I had a delicious roasted turkey, some sausage, mahi mahi, ham, and steak. All of the meat was juicy, and seasoned well. They really know what they're doing in the kitchen. The cinnamon rolls were freshly made, sweet and gooey, just like I like them. They also had a frittata, and corned beef hash. All of this food for $24 is a steal. And they had $3 mimosas, which were mixed to perfection. The thing that took my rating to a 5 is the incredible service. Our waiter's name was Dwayne, and he was quite the character. He had jokes and had us laughing the whole time. We had a large group of 12, and he took great care of us. Our group liked him so much that one of the guys took a picture with him. He told us to look him up on Facebook, and I just might do that. We also learned that there is a ZED 451 shuttle that will take you wherever you want to go downtown, so several people in our group took the shuttle to Old Navy afterward (so that they could buy flip flops to walk off the meal). They also said that they can come pick you up to take you to the restaurant. We will be having them to come pick us up the next time we go to brunch, which is offered every Sunday, not just Easter Sunday, by the way. I really tried not to overeat, but when I got home, I slipped into the dreaded food coma. I really couldn't do much of anything but sleep. The food is so good that you keep tasting, and the next thing you know, you've eaten too much. Beware.  ZED also has dinner, and I've been a couple times for dinner, and it's good, but I think that the brunch is the best kept secret - the brunch is where it's at! I would rank ZED as one of the top brunch spots in Chicago. ZED is known for it's swanky rooftop deck and delicious drinks in the summer. Dwayne told us about a drink that we need to come back for in June. I'll be back, and will specifically request his service. Rooftop deck, here I come!
