This is probably the worst bar experience I've ever had in Chicago. I came there with a group of 6 friends for some late night drinks on a Saturday night. The bar was packed, which I kind of expected based on recommendations of my friends. The hostess downstairs said we'd probably have better luck upstairs finding a table. We found two small tables and were immediately informed that we wouldn't get any sort of waiter and would have to get our drinks from the bar (though the kitchen was open for another hour and we DID in fact want to order food). We tried to order drinks from the bar upstairs which is much smaller than the bar downstairs and was met by an extremely rude bartender (number 1) -- since the bar has many beers, we asked for a recommendation. The bartender proceeded to point to the board and grunted "this is what we have". After replying "So, there's nothing you would recommend for someones first time here" he replying "Are you stupid, the beer list is right here, do you want something or not!?!".  After that, we tried going downstairs thinking that maybe this bartender was just having a bad night. Here we were greeted by a female bartender who must have been having the same bad day as the first one. We were ordering beers for our whole table (since the waiter refused to speak to us and actually walked around our tables to serve food and drinks to the other tables) so we again asked if there was a "beer they would recommend, perhaps a good pale ale". The bartender sighed, picked up a menu and literally threw in at my friends face and walked away.  Finally, after picking a beer and ordering enough for our table we were drinking (though no longer in a very friendly mood). For the next hour we were very obviously glared at by the busboy and waiter as we tried to put the earlier slights behind us. Then, at midnight we were informed we had to get up because the kitchen was now closed (though we weren't able to order food for the last hour) and we couldn't sit in the "upper dining room" anymore. We had to go back to the main bar area, which was very crowded and had no room to sit down.  Needless to say, we gladly obliged and proceeded to go somewhere else, anywhere else...  Though I'm sure a place like this doesn't really care about serving people and repeat customers (they must not if they encourage this behavior) for the first time in a long time I can say "never again" to this place - which is unfortunate given their beer list and promising atmosphere.
