First let me say I love BBQ. I mean love BBQ. So what a great opportunity to take advantage of restaurant week with a trip to this BBQ place. When you walk up it look like a quaint little cottage and it has really nice decor. I was seated when I stated my name I later learned I was not checked in on my Open table reservation after asking twice about it. So at the table are some wonderful pickles and home made chips they were so tasty and made me excited for the meal. 1.) Homemade Lemonade- Did not take homemade. Tasted like Simple syrup with lemon juice. I like to see some pulp in homemade juices 2.) Bacon and Cheddar hush Puppies - I love hush puppies but they were over fried. So dark and hard on the outside. and came with a Chipotle aoli. And if you read my reviews I HATE CHIPOTLE. So I had one plain. 3.) "Kobe" Brisket - Eh nothing spectacular tasted like regular old brisket to me. The BBQ sauces it came with were OK. A North Carolina vinegar sauce was the most questionable for me. I love love love love fries. But I did not like these again they were overcooked. The person on the fry station must have been distracted or something 4.) Honey butter cornbread- At first you think oh wow that is going to be so good and it is brought out on a cast iron skillet so you think yumm nice and warm WRONG!!! It must have been precut becuase the edges were hard and it was definitely not warm and very crumbly. 5.) Dessert- I was so looking forward to the seasonal cobbler or pie when I was told it is Key Lime Pie. Really key lime. Isn't that a summer fruit it is February. Carrot cake was another option so I chose that. And it came all nice and pretty as you can see from my photos and then I cut and bite and COLD! Cold cake! I do not like my cake cold unless it is cheesecake. So let me say that the service was even worse than my food experience there were only three tables being occupied and my waitress came maybe twice. Oh and I would say her name but she never told me. I kind of felt that as soon as I started ordering from the restaurant week menu she was done with me. I seen all the 4 and 5 stars and I rarely give a one star but my expectation where high and the service was low!
