This was a great restaurant experience. I was glad to try a Rick Bayless restaurant (though I never heard of him before this Chicago visit). MENU DETAIL: Jugo del Dia, or their fruit juice of the day REC: Absolutely delicious, fresh, and a light flavorful mix of pineapple and coconut juices (normally I drink my drink throughout the meal but it was SO delicious I drink it all in 5 minutes). They could have given you a little more though. Ceviche Trios MENU DETAIL: Ceviche Fronterizo (Hawaiian sunfish), Ceviche de Atun (Ahi tuna), and Ceviche Yucateco (shrimp and calamari) REC: Their tuna ceviche was the best, in this apricoty sauce with a dusting of crushed almonds. Their Yucateco of shrimp and calamari was not very good, a huge shrimp (not cut up at all) and huge calamari- they could have done a better job chopping it up which is the point of ceviche. The torilla chips were just OK, a little too hard. They gave us free salsa with tortilla chips and the salsa was good (hearty, ground green and red salsas). For the main course, we split an entree and a main dish: Sopes Rancheros: MENU DETAIL: "crispy corn masa boats with savory shredded beef, roasted tomatoes, avocado and homemade fresh cheese"- REC: Absolutely delicious, the BEST thing we ate ALL NIGHT!! Little ground corn tortilla cups filled with this delicious stewed pork (great flavor) piled high, topped with a chunk of avocado and a sprinkling of cheese. There were 5 of these cups all laid on top of this rich, tomato and red pepper sauce/stew- absolutely delicious. Everything was nicely flavored and seasoned, and the perfect little morsels, combined together- an explosion of flavor in your mouth!! Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena: MENU DETAIL"Creekstone Natural Black Angus rib steak, marinated in spicy red chile and wood- grilled, served with black beans, sweet plantains with sour cream, and guacamole"- REC: The beef was a nice big chunk of good-quality beef, perfectly done medium, the spice rub was OK. The beans and guacamole were just OK too- just tasted like other restaurants', nothing special. The plantains were delicious though, perfectly fried with the nice blend of light, milky sour cream and sprinkling of cheese. For dessert, we got their Capirotada:  MENU DETAIL: "Mexico City lenten classic: buttery bread "pudding" (made without custard) infused with caramely piloncillo, red wine, figs, sour cherries, raisins, pine nuts and pecans. Pinenut crunch ice cream, red wine-jamaica sauce, sprinkling of Mexican aged cheese" REC: This was very unique and good, tasted like a a warm, fig newton with chunks and slices of dates and figs- a great bread pudding because it was chewy and sticky on othe outside yet warm and soft on the inside. They gave you a generous scoop of pine nut ice cream on top, you couldn't really tell the flavor, it has these crystallized chunks of sugar inside. Worth trying because it was so unqiue and good. : Our server was super attentive and very helpful in picking out menu items, as was the bus boy who constantly topped off our water (with an extra glass).
