I went to Violet Hour this past Friday to celebrate the birthdays of my girlfriend and myself. The evening began with food and wine at Avec. We then caught a cab to Violet Hour. The line when we arrived at 10:30 stretched a good fifteen to twenty people out the door. People were mostly well dressed. There were a few middle aged yuppie types, a few groups of sorority-type twenty somethings, and a few horn-rim wearing emo types that looked like they were still in high school. We waited for a good twenty minutes with the line advancing minimally. (VH only lets people in as people leave; why this is becomes abundantly clear when you enter.) Eventually, however, a well dressed bouncer came out with a clipboard to ask whether there were only two of us. He proceded to escort the two of us in, allowing us to jump what appeared to be at least an additional hour of waiting. (Once you get in past the front door there is an additional, hidden line maybe some fifteen to twenty people deep.) The space was perfect. Very dark. 1950s music playing when we came in (although as the evening progressed they started playing indie-light types such as the Shins, Yeah Yeah Yeahs, and other head-scratching choices). The layout is hard to describe but imagine tables laid out in the room. Around the tables there are straight-backed leather chaired with slides that are almost like horse blinders. Almost all the illumination will be coming from the two candles at your space. The effect is that you and your party feel perfectly sequestered. We felt so secluded that we were unsure whether PDA was accepted. We kissed fairly frequently and it did not feel out of place. Drinks were strong. I ordered a cocktail imported from Milk & Honey in New York and a Spanish Margarita. Both came out looking effete and immasculating; that's not how they tasted though. These guys make a stiff cocktail. The girlfriend ordered a Dark & Stormy, twice. I cannot describe the experience any way other than magical. Violet Hour was the perfect capstone to our evening. Lastly I want to note my puzzlement with regard to the sorority contingent, who could not have seemed more out of place. They were dolled up hard and looked more like they wanted to meet wealthy men than to have an evening to theirselves. This is the last place at which you are going to meet new people; it is the quintessential romatic date spot. VH cannot be criticized for this. The complaint is like complaining that a bike shop does not carry automobiles.
