The Sunda Experience -as I'd like to call it- is one not to be missed! It begins the moment you walk through the door. You will find that the staff here is quick, attentive and extremely accommodating from beginning to end. The decor of Sunda is stylish and chic yet inviting. I can honestly say I have been in here several times now- mostly dinner and once for lunch- and I have never been happier each time! Sunda continues to get better and better- with the food and the service! The place definitely gets crowded as this seems to be THE spot for dinner and drinks on weekends and even weeknights. A reservation is recommended as the wait could be long... even so, I assure you this is well worth the wait. If you do find yourself with a wait, no biggie because you can start with a cocktail in at the bar or in the lounge right behind it! I love their Blushing Geisha, Strawberry Delight & Divine Lychee! Sunda offers a wide array of Asian dishes with a Sunda twist. The following are some of my favorites that you can't go wrong with: Appetizers- the Oxtail Potstickers are absolutely to die for! These potstickers have braised oxtail meat that is full of all the right flavors and super tender Hot Dishes: Rock Shrimp Tempura:honey glazed shrimp with walnuts and cream aoli...*droooooollll* Whoops excuse me* , Longevity noodles: lo mein with a garlicky and buttery goodness, try it with blue crab! Miso Black Cod, Chicken Kurry (lunch menu) Sushi favorites: Golden Child Roll, Summer of Sunda Roll, Handcut Tuna & Jalepeno, & Seared Kobe Beef Tartare- the last two are on a top of crispy rice! Dessert: I forget the name but its this fried ice cream with caramel and cake- a must get as well!!! This is big enough to share. Sunda has also been offering happy hour specials and sunday brunch from what I hear...which I still need to try. I cannot wait to go back...and as I look at their menu online right now- I need to make a list of all the things I want to get asap! Oh and another plus- there are frequent celebrity citings here!
