Well, based on early reviews of this place, and from an LTH Forum discussion, I was half-expecting a mediocre experience from here. But I was really surprised(and delighted) that my low expectations were blown away. Definitely wouldn't put it in my top tier of Andersonville restaurants and bars just yet(a la Calo, Hopleaf, Edgewater Lounge), but who knows if I'll start to appreciate this place more in the future, or less, or what. Will base that on future visits.... Anyway, I came here right around the time they were transitioning from their 'tea' menu to their dinner menu, and noticed what I believed was all(or almost all) the dinner items were on the 'tea' menu. Oddly enough looked at their online menu trying to remember what I ate here, but couldn't find it. I got something with potatoes, rice, and a few other things in it that was decent(lol, certainly dunno why my memory of small details sucks from time to time). Also tried a few other things on the menu too, such as the Gumbo Ya-Ya, and the Tallgrass Beef Burger. Both were surprisingly good, especially the latter. In addition, I liked the fact that the server gave us complimentary boiled peanuts, okra, and 1-2 other vegetables on a dish while the wait for our food took slightly long, as I enjoyed those too. I will add that since I've tried more than enough Southern food in my lifetime to count(thanks to the fact both of my parents were born in the south, tho ironically hadn't had boiled peanuts till going here), I looked at the dessert menu, and thought it was very strange to me that their Red Velvet Cake is made with pomegranate syrup. Especially since all the times I've seen recipes for such, and/or have eaten one, that I've never once seen/eaten one made with that kinda syrup. Still in fairness to them, I'm glad the server I had told me that they serve beignets on weekends, and look forward to trying them on a future visit, if they're as good as what I've heard. Also will look forward to trying other things in the future, such as a drink off their tea menu. Falls short of 3.5 stars, due to the fact most of the menu(tea menu aside, and the only part IMO that wasn't overpriced) was anywhere from $2-4 more expensive than it should've been.
