A foodie friend of mine was in town from Minneapolis with her boyfriend, and somehow snagged ressies for 10 at both 6:30 and 9, knowing that we have trouble committing to geriatric dinner reservations on the Saturday of St. Patrick's Day weekend. Most of the crew got there at 9, but my boo and I were running behind and got there about quarter after, only to be told our table wasn't yet ready. After another 20 mins of waiting, they offered us a free drink, and while my friends indulged in some of the specialty cocktails (the vote: the peared sake was the best, followed closely by the lychee cocktail) I was shocked, nay, offended that they did not have Ketel One for my standard drink, but substituted Chopin and all was well.  Fast forward to 10:15 and we finally get seated.  We're all hungry and somewhat irritable but lo and behold, Sunda brings us right back to good spirits with free appetizers (shrimp chips? decent but forgettable, beef lollipops-does anyone else see a sexual innuendo in there? good nonetheless, but I don't love beef, and rock shrimp tempura-DELICIOUS and pretty well sized). The premise of the place is that things come out as they are ready, which is pretty ballsy for a trendy, billy dec, asian fusion restaurant, but since everyone was served within 5 mins of one another, it really wasn't bothersome. My date and I shared a bunch of stuff like the fat kids we wish we could be: -crab cake encrusted ahi tuna sashimi ( i was too full to enjoy this ) -truffled tataki (salmon, beef, tuna) sashimi (TO DIE FOR) -super white tuna sashimi (also delicious, a little difficult to eat) and two others I cant recall at the moment...... The service was impeccable and even with a comp'ed drink and apps, I was more than full with my drink and splitting 5 sushi/sashimi dishes. Compared to some other similar places in the city, it was not as expensive and really cool but also comfortable. (OH! except for the bench style chairs. Be careful if you wear a skirt or a dress-try to sit on the chair side) Loses a star for the wait, and the trashy 20 somethings with daddy issues hanging onto the AARP guys at the bar.
