Piccolo Sogno gets a lot of publicity for it's outdoor oasis. Also, after reading the reviews, we decided to make an early reservation for 6 pm.The matinee we attended was over by 4:30, so I called to change the reservation to 5:00 and they said it was fine. We walked through the bar area, which was kind of busy. Then, when approaching the patio, half the tables were filled. By 6 pm., we would have been waiting for sure. So, early bird gets the worm!The service from our server was the best! Pietro was right on the spot.We ordered drinks, wine, appetizers, dinner and dessert. I did not findthe food anything to write home about. The bread basket was good but we had to ask for another one because there were 2 breadsticks and 2 rolls and there were four of us. My husband had the salted, cooked and boned sea bass and it was just all right. I had the seared ahi tuna which was properly cooked. The vegetables on a platter, we all shared, were just zucchini, mushrooms, tomatoes, red onions and white onions sprinkled with balsamic vinegar. I can do that! My brother in law and sister in law both ordered the pastas, which really looked home made and delicioso! They said it was very good. The dessert we shared was a round formed cup of chocolate, filled with a spumoni tasting gelato. All in all, it was a great dinner because of the service and atmosphere.Would I go back? Maybe next year to sit on the patio. But, I would not exactly refer to the restaurant as an oasis, unless you live in a noisier, busier neighborhood of Chicago.I also recalled that my husband and I had been to this restaurant patioa few years ago. It was called Thyme. I loved that restaurant and was sad when I could not find it. The Thyme menu was oh so much better.I would also recommend if you decide to dine at Piccolo Sogno, thata dressier attire, suitable for church, would be more appropriate.Thong sandals and jean shorts don't cut it. This place was hoppin' at7:30p.m. on Saturday night with some well dressed customers and OMG the parking lot was full of high end automobiles with lots of bling!
