There are restaurants that serve de facto brunch, to folks who happen to order pancakes at 11 a.m., and then there are restaurants that DO brunch, the direct descendants of those trendy spots that invented quiche eggs benedict, and the term "brunch" itself. Meli is one of these. We went here on a Sunday morning and had a wait of about 30 minutes--maybe a little shorter (we arrived about 10 a.m.). The entry way is VERY tight--you want to wait outside if you can (as in, if you like breathing), so I'm not sure how that goes in the winter (actually I am sure: people line up, stamp their feet, blow on their hands, and wait). The name of the restaurant (Meli="honey" in Greek) is the only nod to Greektown (all the surrounding restaurants have Athens or Acropolis in the name, and feature signs with giant, glowing spits of lamb). Inside, the atmosphere is totally different. It's remarkably bright, cheerful and calm for how crowded it is, but the staff is definitely in high efficiency mode. They refuse to seat incomplete parties, and though we were all there, our hostess took off to show us our table before all 4 of us had even wrestled our way through the door. The menu is HUGE and tempting, with 10-15 daily specials in addition to the extensive list of omelets, frittatas, pancakes, French toast, skillets, waffles, crepes....and on and on and on. I was worried the server would really rush us to order, but she didn't--got us our coffee and smoothies and let us ponder for a minute. We tried the praline creme brulee French Toast (turned out to be almost too rich to eat, according to the eater), the jalapeno skillet, and the peppadew omelet (peppers, onions, Swiss cheese, and jerk chicken). The food came out in record time, which had me wondering: the omelets are the baked puffy kind, and those take awhile--I remain skeptical that mine was cooked just for me, after my order was taken. I'm not really sure why this even bothers me...I didn't have any special requests (one of our party did, and they were accommodated), and the omelet was tasty and freshly made--not like it had been sitting under a lamp or something. My guess is that they were anticipating orders of this special and maybe had them going all the time....? Something about it just seemed odd. The watermelon garnish was delightful, as was the homemade berry jam. The roasted potatoes were nothing to write home about (a little mushy and nothing special going on with the seasoning). The omelet was FANTASTIC, and gave me two full meals. Speaking of which: I'm not sure if they do all their cooking with heavy cream, or some other kind of super-rich ingredient, but NONE of us got very far in our meal. We came in starving, and we're good eaters. The portions were generous, but no more so than other brunches where I've wolfed down everything. All four of us filled up REALLY quickly. The leftovers reheated well later, so that was all fine...I was just surprised. Hope to make it back some time soon to try something different--maybe the fig omelet!
