We came here to use a Groupon for our 2nd anniversary dinner. We opted for the no-menu Sunday. Note: If you have trouble with getting a reservation on OpenTable, just give them a call - even though OpenTable had everything completely booked, one phone call got us a reservation very easily. I really love the idea of the no-menu meal. It's kind of exciting to sit down and just have people deliver you some food. We got to sit right next to the kitchen (which some people might not like, because it's also right where all the food comes out), but I loved it, because I had a perfect view through the service window to see what was going on with the chefs back there. Very cool. We brought a bottle of rose, and they very kindly blast-chilled it for us. Also note: they don't serve anything but water and coffee here, so definitely bring yourself some wine. So usually this is the part where I deliver a blow-by-blow of everything I ate, but since the Sunday menu changes every week by what's available, and we ate here a few months ago, there's not really a whole lot of sense in that, so I will just highlight my favorites of our 8-course meal. There was a scallop, served in the shell, with the most amazing cream sauce. Divine. I must have been making some kind of raptured face or something, because when the waiter came by to ask how everything was, he kinda laughed at me. There was a foie gras donut somewhere in the progression, and the last course was a cheese course - tempura fried cheese curds with a rhubarb sauce - that somehow managed to taste like mozzarella sticks in an elevated playful kind of way. There was only one questionable dish in the middle, a trout mousse with maple syrup. It wasn't bad, per se, but it was just kinda weird. The service was excellent as well. It's not a stuffy restaurant - the waiters/workers seat you and serve you your food and I think also are the managers of the restaurant. They're very casually dressed and personable, the guy who was serving us cracked jokes as he delivered the food. There's an air of "yes this is damn good food, but we're not gonna be pretentious about it" that I really liked. At the end of the meal (we were one of the last tables there) we chatted a little with the chef and the servers before leaving. It all felt very neighboorhood-y restaurant, which is rare in "fine-dining" restaurants. The only downside is that this place is a little too expensive to justify going to more than one or twice a year. :(
