I am not sure what people are talking about when they say great atmosphere. The restaurant itself might be pretty, I am not sure, I had a hard time seeing it. Thank god I have excellent night vision, I saw people using cell phones, table candles and key chain flashlights to read menus. The darkness might be used to encourage the noise level to come down a notch, but it wasn't helping. I felt like I was in a diner after the bars had closed. The woman to my left was telling a story about how she and her fiance were going to wait awhile, who here bridesmaids were going to be and how she was going to be a "bridezilla" while the group to my right was discussing a mans post traumatic stress and how he disliked sitting with his back to the door. It was so loud I had to lean across the table to speak to my boyfriend while still raising my voice. Ridiculous. My boyfriends chair also kept getting run into a lot. The place was over crowded to the point of discomfort. The food. Lets start with portion size. Typically appetizers are portioned about the same as other appetizers on the menu, same with entrees. Not here. The apps it wasn't as noticeable because we were sharing, but the entrees... I was done 15 minutes before my boyfriend. His dish was easily 3x the size of mine. It made no sense. Desserts were the opposite, mine was huge and his was tiny... Presentation and taste were meh. The apps were ok. The cold beef salad was decent. The tuna tartar had good texture, decent flavor, presentation sucked (molded and surrounded by a few chips on a plate with some cucumber slices) I have made better at home. Entees were sub-par. My fish was mushy and tasted as though it had been frozen. My boyfriends chicken was mediocre at best. Desserts were unoriginal and also lacked presentation. Service, wow... You know how you will be sitting in a restaurant and you will wonder if they have forgotten about you? Just about the time we would start wondering was about the time our server would show up. Any time our server would pass and we would try to flag her down she would conveniently be looking the other way. She was nice, but seemingly on autopilot. In total we got 2 apps, 2 entrees, 2 desserts and 4 drinks. Our bill totaled $170. We had 2 gift certificates ( not groupons, not http://restaurants.com coupons, actual gift certificates) that we had received as gifts to use for our bill. They argued that we couldn't use both at once. No where on the certificate does it say this. They finally ended up taking it off, but really? I will never go back, I have had MUCH better food elsewhere for the price, for the service, for the presentation and especially for the terrible atmosphere.
