Longman & Eagle ruined my birthday. Let's start piling on the troubles, shall we? We called ahead, heard that the wait was about 25-30 minutes, so decided to brave the blizzard hitting Chicago to make it over there in time. When we arrived, I got the cold shoulder from the hostess who, while I saw her offer coat check and menus to people ahead of and behind me, pretty much ignored me except to tell me that I had to re-check in when my fiance, who was parking the car, got there. We did as she said, and were promised a 30 minute wait time. Over an hour later, we still weren't seated. Oh yeah, did I mention this was a MONDAY? I don't care if it takes an hour to seat us, just tell me upfront. We did get an update from the hostess after an hour, telling us it would be a "LITTLE longer". Oh, longer than the extra 30 minutes you just said? Okay. We waited some more in the packed, jostling bar area until we were called for our table, which was directly in front of the door with freezing snow and cold blowing in every 3 minutes or so, and a crazy cold draft coming from the window. We were also ATTACHED to the hostess stand. After trying out both sides of the table, we asked the hostess if it was possible for us to wait a bit longer and get another table. I can't really fathom it or believe it, but the blonde hostess said "No." I was really sad and starting to feel like this might have "worst birthday ever" written all over it, but tried to remain optimistic. So what if I had to wear my Columbia ski coat through dinner, right? That was until our server stopped by and decided that even though we'd had to wait 3 times as long as we'd been told, and even though we were seated at the WORST POSSIBLE TABLE in the restaurant, AND it was my birthday, she didn't have to smile or pretend to be interested in us at all. While we were ordering (after no hello, have you been here before, recommendations, or general politeness... more of a clipped, "are you guys ready?"), after my fiance had ordered the bulk of the meal, I threw in that I wanted to also try the welsh rarebit. She stared at me blankly before sniping, "What, like as your entree?" Me: "What?" Her: "You want PRETZELS as your entree?" Me: "Um no, as an appetizer." Fiance: "We're going to share the chicken entree." Her: "Oh, okay." (And then brushing us off and walking away rudely.) At this point, I was so disappointed in the entire experience that my eyes filled with tears (yes, they made me CRY on my birthday), and my fiance suggested we just leave. So, we did. Restaurants take reservations for a reason, and that reason is for the benefit of the customer. Perhaps making the back portion of the place for reservations and keeping the front for walk-ins, they could accommodate everyone while keeping the "hipster vibe" they seem to be going for. Or, if you make a patron wait 3 times as long as they were promised, ask if they'd like a drink on the house, or at least recognize your mistake and make sure they end up at a decent table. I won't be returning unless they open up to the idea of reservations, and even then, I'll have my own reservations about trying this place again. **Update: Bruce, the owner, immediately responded to my review with an apologetic message. I get the feeling that it was possibly a bad night with all bad service focused on our table. I'm willing to increase my rating after this very nice follow-up email, but don't think I'll be headed back to L & E.
