Gilt Bar was the weakest link in a Chicago trip full of spectacular meals. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't impressive, and it was overshadowed by all the other great food that came before and after. Maybe part of this was that I entered our 10 o'clock dinner reservation more or less hung over from an early cocktail hour. Still, I wasn't drunk or fuzzy, just not drinking anymore. I had a sip of Jan's Pimm's Cup, and that was good, but I could barely sniff Mike's Sazerac. There were definitely things I liked about Gilt Bar. The atmosphere was busy and fun, but appropriately moody, and though it was quite dark, I liked the decor. Our waitress was pleasant, and the place seemed well managed. The food was fair. The best thing we ate was the tenderloin steak tartare with slow poached egg yolk, shallots, and capers. That was a great steak tartare, with clean favors and a good half paste half liquid consistency to the yolk, which blended in nicely with the meat. Otherwise, I felt strongly about nothing. The escarole salad was almost a winner, with pickled persimmons, candied pecans, and manchego cheese. The honey lemon vinaigrette, though, had a huge, unadvertised dose of anise that made the whole salad taste like licorice. The blackened cauliflower with pickled red onions, capers, and chili was another almost, with good texture but an overwhelming amount of salt. The flavors were good, but there was no balance. The orecchiette was decent, but by chance I've had two phenomenal orecchiette dishes in the last couple months, and this was not one of them. The texture was not bad, though, and the spicy sausage and herbs brought good flavor. The main offender of the night was a dish of steamed mussels in a dry vermouth, herb, and lemon broth. The mussel broth and bread were great, no complaints there. The actual mussels, though, were sad and rather unmuscular.  After dinner, we attempted to get a spot downstairs for a drink. As there were fifteen parties ahead of us, we decided to call it a night. We got the call saying our table was ready after we arrived back home, and though we would have waited less than anticipated, it was just as well. Gilt Bar wasn't terrible, but it didn't excite me, and missing out on its bar didn't leave me feeling deprived.
