If you are in the area, and don't want to drive, It's a good place to stop by to eat. With all the hype, i had a high expectation of the place. For the university village area, i guess it's a better restaurant, but i think there are better offerings in the entire chicagoland area.... we all like the ambiance and decoration of the restaurant. the service was good... Quite frankly, i was a bit tick off by the wine price...I had to tell myself to shut off my analytical side to enjoy the wine and food.... So they claimed they sell their bottles at the retail price (but is it really? I wonder if they would price match? :P ), so they charged $7 for corkage fee on top of the "bottle price", even though you are buying the whole bottle there. So I also wonder what the corkage fee is if I bring in my own bottle?! I know at a lot of wine bar/stores, if you do buy the whole bottles at their stores, and drink them there, they don't charge extra. So is it better knowing, or not knowing, what's packed on to the "retail price" of the bottles you get at a store/restaurant/wine bar? So in the end, I looked at that $7 as part of the cost of having wine there. Stop being so analytical, I said to myself! :P On to the food....nothing out of this world. We shared the roasted eggplants with toast, the truffle toast with egg. Both of them are good...nothing too out of extraordinary though. The pasta with sea urchin and crab --- it's different, and as an sea urchin lover, i could taste a hint of sea urchin, but i would rather just eat the whole sea urchin sashimi :P the pasta was cooked about right...not too soggy monkfish osso bucco --- something different. I never had anything monkfish other than monkfish liver which i love. the steak with basil --- we had it at medium rare, so it was pretty flavourful. the risotto with egg and pancetta -- i can see how it could be a starch dish to share all in all, if you are in the area and are hungry and the wait isn't too long, it's worth checking it out.
