Yes, their food is fine - relatively. And yes, their prices are just fine. No problems there. So why have I created this account and gone out of my way to give them one star? Because their service was absolutely terrible.If I owned this pace and saw how the waiter behaved at our table, I would've been extremely disappointed and angry. The gist of it was like so:We dared to ask our waiter where they source their fish from. I believe we asked whether he knows if their fish is typically farm raised or wild caught. He literally LAUGHED at us for asking and proceeded to lecture us that we "have to understand" that "most everything" is farm raised these days. We politely requested that he ask the chef regardless and he guffawed and agreed - when he returned he said something along the lines of "the packages don't say anything on them". First of all - what kind of a restaurant doesn't know where it's getting it's food from? Secondly - what kind of waiter would try and make people feel bad for bothering to care about what kind of things they allow into their bodies? It wasn't like we were lecturing him or anything of the sort - just curiosity really. If anyone here has happened to have the fortune of eating wild caught salmon, or the misfortune of tasting farm raised salmon and/or seeing how farm raised salmon is typically raised and fed, you'd probably care a lot more about what kind of fish you were eating, too. Salmon, more than anything I've had at least, is a completely different type of food depending on whether it's wild or farmed, and my question was directly related to whether I'd be ordering any sashimi that evening (which I didn't). When the food that we ordered arrived at our table, he proceeded to again - under his own volition - ask us in a condescending tone whether we could tell which fish was farm raised and which was wild. It was a really terrible experience and I don't think I'll ever be going back. If you are into it, good for you, but I don't appreciate being talked to like I'm an idiot for asking questions that I believe any restaurant should be able to answer in a respectful way.
