First off about my perspective in reviewing this hotel. I love value and convenience. I hate lines and crowds. I am also a fan of Embassy Suites, so I am taking into consideration my stays at other E.S. properties. We stayed here for the final two nights of our family vacation trip, and I picked this hotel for its central location in downtown Chicago, the free breakfast, and the overall price / value compared to other nice hotels in the area. When we arrived it was a little confusing. After parking in the public parking garage (E.S. does not have its own parking, although you can do valet), and taking the elevator to the Embassy Suites / street level. Around the corner was the bell / valet counter, and then around the corner from that was another elevator to take up to the lobby level. Although the atrium is huge, the front desk area is actual somewhat cramped when waiting in a long line to check-in. Finally, 20-25 minutes after parking we were able to take the third elevator ride up to the room.  The room itself was spacious and comfortable , with a set-up typical of an Embassy Suites. It is a huge hotel with a vast atrium in the middle. Overall this is a nice property.  One of my favorite things about Embassy Suites is the free, made to order breakfast, however, the first morning, going down to breakfast, I was frustrated to see a massive line for the made to order. So I decided to forego it and just do the buffet. There was a good selection and the food was fine, although finding a table was a challenge. My oldest son did wait in line for a omelet -- took over 20 minutes. The next morning I made it a point to get up early; the line was shorter, but still almost took 15 minutes. Interesting, also, the helper asked about what sides you wanted, and put them on a plate before the omelet was started, so they were cold before the omelet was finished. Along the same lines, we went down for the evening reception, and the line for drinks was just as bad as the omelet line -- not worth it to me, considering the idea of having a drink is to relax -- waiting in line for 15 minutes is not relaxing. Perhaps the hotel is too big for every thing Embassy Suites promises. A couple other things. I will never understand why I can pay $59 at a Super 8 and get free wi-fi, but a $250 hotel needs to charge $15 / day -- not per room, but per device (we decided internet could wait). Also, we heard voices from other rooms while in our room. Overall, the stay was fine, but for what we paid, I did not consider it a great value.
