The good: -The appearance of this restaurant is a breath of fresh air in Bridgeport. I love the decor, and its just a comfortable, happy place to eat. -The waitress, Deanna, is awesome. And i'm not just saying that because we share a name. She's just really efficient, nice and personable. -The food is good. I dig the organics, and it seems fresh and made with care. The bread was delicious! -The presentation of the food is nice and done with care. They say you eat first with your eyes, and here, the food is visually pleasing as well as tasty. -The bar is pretty, i've never come here for alcohol/dinner, but I would like to at some point. -My friend and I came with our babies, both under the age of 1. No one seemed inconvenienced or annoyed with 2 young (albeit, well behaved) kids, and many of the staff came to talk to the babies or say hi to us. That was nice. The not so good: -The $7 single glass of orange juice. It was good...i'll say that much. But $7 for ONE glass of oj is crazy. I don't care if it's organic, pesticide free and grown on a tree in the backyard, that's still high. (If you're wondering why I ordered it then, I inadvertently overlooked the price due to the fact that I was chatting with my friend and catching up. That mistake won't happen again) -The portions are smaller. I was full, as was my friend, but this may not be the place to take a hungry man to. At least, not one that eats like my boyfriend. Your portion will probably be finished in one setting. If you're a left over lover, this may not be your place either. Just something to note (not good nor bad): This restaurant is a bit higher priced than the usual breakfast spots in Bridgeport/Brighton Park/South loop. I think the quality of ingredients warrants the slight price increase, however, if you're looking for a heaping plate for $5, again, this may not be your place. I will most likely return again, as it was nice dining here. I felt as though I was in a lincoln park restaurant, but a few blocks from home.
