We have been guests at La Villa for a couple years now. My friend, Cathy, from work has been coming here for decades and after finding out that my dad loved it as well, we just had to make the trip out from the burbs. Most recently, we came in on a Saturday evening with 11 guests for my sister's high school graduation dinner. Carlos was our server. He was attentive and got everything right. Whew! I'll admit it...we were difficult. We did things like change our entrees mid-order and change side dishes, etc. He was on top of it all and I was very pleased. Here are a few favorite things about La Villa... Lots of parking. They have their own fenced lot with, Bob, the parking attendant. I don't really think he is an employee. I think he's a nice guy who lives in the area and likes to keep busy. So, he watches after the cars parked in the lot. You can find him most days wandering about talking with the patrons as they come and go. We tip Bob...you should too. :-) The tomato focaccia. Love it! This arrives on your table pretty quickly along with some other bread. It's so fresh. The perfect accompaniment to your meal. The ambiance. This is an old school Italian restaurant. It's not modern, sleek or fancy. You can dine while wearing whatever you choose. Everybody and their brother eats here, so it's usually crowded (except early Sunday afternoon...in my experience). They fit an extra table or two into the main dining room that causes it to feel a bit cramped...eh, I'm over it. It's cozy. ;-) The tiramisu. Heavenly! On our very first visit, the server gave us a complimentary hunk of tiramisu. Not a slice, but a hunk that he had split into three portions for the three of us. Very nice!  The braciole. One of my favorites! It reminds me of the braciole that my Grandpa Caliendo used to make. Their's has more cheese than Grandpa used, but it's fabulous just the same! The chicken vesuvio. I've probably eaten this a half dozen times in two years. The potatoes are cooked just right. The chicken is moist and the sauce is lick-that-plate good!  The portion sizes. Hearty. Plentiful. Abundant. Shareable. I think that about sums that up. La Villa has banquet facilities too. My sister and I looked into using them for her wedding or bridal shower, but most of our family and friends are in the suburbs, so it wasn't logical. But, Gwen was a pleasure to work with while we were trying to make our decisions and if location wasn't an issue, I easily could have seen the shower there. Regardless, we will be back soon. It's become a family favorite and writing this review has made me think about my last great meal there. It's definitely time for another.
