Hands down in my top three favorite places to go in the city. Great pizza with a wonderful choice of toppings, plus they have "white pizzas" (aka no red sauce for picky eaters like my sister) and red pizza (no cheese). Something for everyone. However, my personal pick is sausage and basil with a side of the red sauce for dipping. Try it you'll like it. You know what you'll like even better? The beer. Their brewmaster, Jonathan Cutler, has won numerous awards for the beers. Check out their website, http://www.piecechicago., for a list. My favorite beer of theirs of all time is definitely the You-Will-Fail Ale. I know, you're probably like, "what tell hell, did he come up with that beer by f*cking up his batch?" I have no idea, but sometimes the best things ever start as mistakes, if that is the case, and this is a prime example. The You-Will-Fail Ale is incredible - a flavor reminiscent of Anchor Liberty Ale but it smells floral instead of like dirty gym socks. It's just awesome, I can't even tell you. Another one of my favorites is the full frontal ale, another hop lover's dream. I know not all of you love bitter beer, so you guys should get the Golden Ale (kind of like what MGD or Miller Lite wishes it could be but fails), and the Baron Von Awesome summer beer. Keep in mind that other than the standbys (Golden Arm, Worryin' Ale, etc.), the beers rotate pretty frequently so if you love something, order a couple, because you maybe never see it again. Got to love those growlers too. I bought one with a cold bag, and was able to get it back to my house and it was still cold. Awesome!! I drank it all myself in two days. (They say best within 48 hours!) Oh, I can't forget the Chocolate Pizza - it is orgasmic. Rachael Ray helped come up with it, and Rachel Ray circa 2005 was a total badass. So go ahead and enjoy the chocolate/hazelnut/mascarpone goodness. One last tip - Sometimes the wait on weekends can be as much as 2 hours if there's a fest going on or they have an event or something, but it is worth the wait. Grab a beer and chill at the bar until you get seated, go hit the bars in the area, or go during the week when it's much slower.. I one time saw Graham Elliot Bowles while waiting for a table. Pretty awesome.
