In Pulp Fiction, Samuel L. Jackson's character explains his position to John Travolta on why he "don't dig on swine." Jules Winnfield, clearly never ate at The Purple Pig. This is an one of a kind collaboration restaurant by three renowned local chef's who all have successfully flagship restaurants. I'll avoid any cheesy trio references like the Stooges or the Musketeers, but I'm blown away by The PP. The location is in a great part of the city, lot's going on and easy to find. The decor is lively, communal, and full of interesting piggie furnishings. My girl and I came on a busy night, unable to get a rezo anywhere on short notice (even at the Purple Pig). We were headed to another restaurant, but then a sign that said "The Purple Pig" was standing right in front of us as we were about to cross the street. After grabbing a seat at the bar, we ordered some wine and appetizers. A guy was paying his bill and about to leave, when another appetizer was placed in front of him. He begged us to enjoy it and now allow them to throw it away since he was already full and on his way out. We thanked him for his kindness and for starting our experience out in a unique way. The roasted red pepper sauce with warm goat cheese was phenomenal. The bread couldn't have been toasted any better. Shortly after we finished we were told there was a table ready for us. As we sat down our appetizer of crispy pigs ear with fried egg and the bone marrow were placed in front of us. Both were fantastic. The bone marrow had a really nice parsley salad that I enjoyed immensely. I've had marrow enjoyed marrow at home and some other places, all good. But I've never had that nice herbal salty (from capers) salad. We both agreed the pork blade steak and the milk braise pork shoulder were good, but nothing that we would keep coming back for. However, the total experience and diverse menu is worth coming back and back for. They have great cured meat and cheese selection, an abundance of interesting small plates and antipasti that aren't all pork related. Plenty of good use is made with fresh vegetables done in creative ways. The Purple Pig is certainly one of the best new restaurants in our great city and his hopefully here for years and years for people to enjoy time and time again.
