I am loved. I am loved and I can't say thanks enough. How do I know? Two clients took me to dinner here. Tonight. December 12th, 2009. When did they start planning this? March. Is this about me? No. If it had been, it would have ended already. This is about this amazing place called Alinea. One of my top four places in Chicago that I have been meaning to venture to. To experience. And well, it left me speechless. We went with the "Chef's tasting" which is the thirteen course and then opted for the fourteenth course which was the choice of risotto or pasta with white truffle shaved over it. And of course wine pairings. (if this is how I feel after fourteen, lord knows I would be flat on my face for twenty four). The service impeccable. You feel like a rock star, with out the stuffiness of the situation. Going to the bathroom? Servers clear a path for you. Ego stroking at its best. Returning, the chair or table pulled out, a fresh napkin put out and you better have your best eager game face on, because what they put out in front of you may just slap a smile on your face. Not to go through each course, but really by then end I was topped by one new course by new course, by new amazement, by new amazement, by triumph by new highly achieved triumph. Fuck. Yeah. At first a slightly poached quail egg bursting in your mouth with shitake mushrooms with smoked trout and smoked trout roe was enough to blow your mind, then shortly after arrives a juniper mix of greens smoking and wafting up energy and aroma to make you relax and invigorate your senses. Oh what ho!? A tempura fried collection of goose and cranberry among others among those juniper mix? Seriously. Stop. You can't get better... oh wait. That extra course of white truffle and your choice of pasta or risotto. Yeah... risotto won and so did the truffle. Melt in your mouth sinful amazement. Don't stop. Get it. Get it. Every course so well paired. The attention to detail. The attention to care. The attention to having fun. Every server we had was amazing. Well informed and friendly and over the top fun. Will I stop back? Hell yeah. Oh hell yeah.
