The food is as good as the party! I've been here for dinner, for drinks and even hosted a party with 30 people in a private room - it got better every time.  Now let's face it, it's difficult to review a location with close to a thousand positive reviews and to bring any value to the community. You should take it for granted that the food is great, the drinks are up to the task and that the atmosphere here is second to absolutely none. All that said allow me to hi lite what I think are some not to be missed aspects of Carnivale. If you are not a foody, or native Latin, you are most likely unfamiliar with much of the fare as its described on the menu. Take advantage of the Tastings. These are well presented and worth the effort. Two of special note! The Tequila tasting - do not assume all tequila is the same. Find your own then stick with it. If you are lucky like me, your guest will discover theirs after the first try and the rest will be all yours! (El higado no existe!) Second tasting to not be missed is the cured meats. Yup that's right. If you have not been to Spain and experienced one of the best taste sensations on earth, you have no idea, NO IDEA, what you are missing. So, when a place like Carnivale goes to the considerable trouble of putting a collection like this together for us; Don't miss it! I've hosted group events all of over the world, and doing so at Carnivale has been my favorite. From the private, but not so private rooms that make you still a part of the bustle of the main dining room, to the perfectly dull roar of the crowd mixed with the right music, to the great group menu options, the team here does it all right. Final comments: the Bar. If you are off hours and only a few of you are bellied up to the counter, it can feel a bit cold. But when the room is full, or even better if you have a large party of your own, this is one of the best bars to be at in town. It's all about the dynamics, and this space has the perfect mix for a party...guess that's why it's called Carnivale!
