This is my 2nd posting. I have been an avid follower and want to thank the community for many great reviews over the years. I have been relying on Yelp all over the country, from major cities to remote, obscure, on the verge of bizarre, less-traveled destinations where I had no idea where to go and was thankful my iPhone had GPS so I could search and triangulate based on reviews. Until now. I am compelled to now Yelp due to the enormous hype about Frontera Grill. I feel misguided. I was so impressed by Bayless and his resistance to selling out - his commitment to taste, to quality, his business sense in releasing a whole line of $5 jarred salsas to the mass market - I wanted to be a fan. BUT tonight, even after seeing him on various media outlets, I was disappointed. (I even had a lot of liquor, which typically skews my palate in a chef's favor. Alas.) Ok enough drama - feeback (anything in " " is a directly from the official website a/o today): TIMEFRAME (Fri pm): *5:45: 2 ppl, told wait time of 2 hours, round 1 drinks *7:00 given buzzy flashy coaster thing, round 2 drinks *8:00 seated, ordered food and bubbly *9:00 Bayless says hello to one table, ignores all others *10:30 departure Note: service was excellent - server replaced our silverware + water + took empty plates unsolicited; food arrived promptly and efficiently.  COCKTAILS: "Gold Margarita: Sauza Gold tequila, Cazadores blanco tequila and Gran Torres orange liqueur steeped with fresh lime juice. 7.00"  *delicious, arrived in tall glass, strong enough, not watery. worth it. "Blue Agave Margarita: Cazadores Blanco tequila, Cointreau and fresh lime juice, shaken at the table. 9.00"  *extremely sour, if you like sour drinks, by all means. this was my first drink and I didn't choose to reorder it. "Topolo Margarita: Sauza Conmemorativo tequila, Gran Torres liqueur and housemade limonada, shaken at the table. 9.00"  *less sour than the blue agave but too sour for my friend. I sipped it and would have been fine with it.  "Champagne Margarita: Sauza Conmemorativo tequila, Gran Torres and fresh squeezed limonada, sparked with Piper Heidsieck Brut champagne. 12.00"  *good quality drink my friend ordered, but is it really necessary to mix champagne with margaritas? and could you tell the brand of bubbly? only the most discerning, I imagine - sommeliers. + Cava Champagne: $40 per bottle. *pretty good bubbly; you can't go wrong with a nice cava.  FOOD: "Gorditas de Borrego:  Gorditas de Borrego - crispy little corn masa cakes stuffed with slow-cooked lamb "chicharron prensado," black beans, avocado, salsa roja, queso anejo. 8.50"  *we ordered these after reading a bunch of Yelp recommendations. Three little masa pita pockets arrived, stuffed with oversalted lamb chicharron and avocado. Were these lamb? Couldn't tell. "'Tostadas' de Atun y Erizo:  Hawaiian ahi tuna carpaccio and fresh Maine sea urchin with crispy tortillas, fresh lime and roasted garlic mojo. Fried leeks, avocado, sungold tomato. 15.00" The 'tostadas' is because the ahi serves as the base - a thinly sliced rectangular sheet with a surprisingly deconstructed array of ingredients delicately placed on top. This looked oddly Alinea-esque, out of place here. Yet this dish was subtle and delicious, not an over the top flavor punch like the gorditas. The urchin was divine. "Enchiladas de Mole Poblano: homemade tortillas rolled around Gunthorp free-range chicken, doused with Mexicos most famous mole; black beans. 18.00"  *Mole: not as rich as I would have liked, was expecting a more complex, chocolate-y sauce. Beans were delicious though. Chicken a little dry. So many Yelpers loved this, why? Oh why? "Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena: Creekstone Natural Black Angus rib steak, marinated in spicy red chile and wood- grilled, served with black beans, sweet plantains with sour cream, and guacamole. 29.50" *Steak excellently cooked (med rare), would have been nice to see slices, as if carved immediately prior. Plantains were excellent - caramelized, with a slight crunch at edges and good contrast with the sour cream. Guac had sundried tomatoes perhaps? could have used a little citrus. Homemade tortillas were a lovely touch. But $30 total? Really? We added salsas - a green chili and red tomatillo, those were fresh and excellent. DESSERT: My friend ordered the apple crumble with cinnamon ice cream - did not seem so distinctly Mexican; had a strong butter taste as if a whole stick was mixed into it. Tasty though. In the end, meal good but not mindblowing. And expensive for what you got. I think you could easily find more authentic, regional Mexican food for a lot less elsewhere so are you paying for marketing, ambiance, and to sit among a lets say homogenous pool of older people of a certain background who are willing to pay more? I'm full and satisfied but won't go back in the near future, even if my friend picked up the check this time.
