Ok, it's time to judge Crisp. For a while, it was my favorite restaurant in the area. I've been going for years. I'm a Crispipster, been going before they got cool.  The summary - fried chicken is 5 stars, worth travelling for from all over the city (and maybe the burbs.) Bi bim bop is 3 stars, pretty good, but not worth travelling for. Everything else is average to below average, ignore it. I understand the 5 star reviews for this place, but having lived a block away for years, I see their flaws as well.  Here's the run down. But if you just want the fried chicken, you don't need to read any further, just go! Most importantly, the fried chicken is 5 stars! It's incredible, life changing, revelatory, all the sauces are good, and I have to keep myself from eating it on a weekly basis. It may even be the reason all these Korean fast food places have opened up along broadway/clark in the wake of Crisp's opening. Try every combination. If you order it to go, get the sauce on the side or else your wings will be soggy by the time you get home-- but you have to ask for 2 sauce cups because otherwise they only give you one dinky little cup. Occasionally, they give you bad pieces or need to change their fryer oil, but this has only happened once or twice in the past few years...they will make good if you complain. All this applies to the whole/half chicken and the wings only, not the strips/sandwiches. The bi-bim-bop is 3 stars. Tasty and hearty, but very sweet and something about the way they cook their veggies makes them slightly slimy. I can put it up with because they have a nice flavor, but any more slimy than they are and it would be too gross. If you get an ala carte order of veggies, you'll notice this a lot more. Too much oil?  Both varieties of kimchi are good. If you haven't tried kimchi, try it, if not at Crisp than anywhere. It's one of the world's healthiest foods. It doesn't taste like it smells and will leave you feeling really good and healthy. That stuff just gives me energy like Superman...I don't know if it's the spiciness or healthiness or what, but I've never felt better after eating something than after some kimchi.   Everything else? Don't bother. The chicken strips are always soggy. The burritos are a sloppy mess of flavors that run into each other. The chicken sandwich has an inexplicable slice of american cheese on it, to top off the soggy sandwich.  The fries are never cooked enough. The fried mushrooms are mushy. Noticing a theme? I don't know what's up with that, but it's unpleasant when you get outside the fried chicken and bi bim bop. I can't say it brings down my opinion of the place too much, as all I want from there is chicken/wings, but it would be nice to have options.   Customer service has always been weird at Crisp. First, the bad. They seem to hire fairly floaty and distant people. Most of the time, it's just a funny quirk. But the times I've gone during busy hours are the times I've had issues with my orders and they are noticeably flustered with a crowd. A couple times the friendly, smiley, floaty person at front was quite obviously blazed.  From one smoker to another, I'm sorry if the owner reads this and gives you guys a talking to, but seriously- don't do that, it's really stupid and obvious. So, whatever, they're figuring out the balance of responsible customer service and remaining hip, but they're still nice. This is not an uncommon experience at these establishments in young neighborhoods and I've certainly seen worse. It's just a bit awkward. BUT they are responsive when you point something out and will make good and apologize and all that good stuff.  On a stupid side note, whoever writes up the boards and names the food is kinda cheesy...all the food except the chicken has some corny name. Just call it "bi-bim-bop" not "bad boy buddha bowl." This is like that Simpsons episode where Marge's investment partners open up a pita place and give everything a cheesy Americanized name to cover up the country of origin. The prices increased with the popularity and the dinner meal deal is offered for less days during the week. If the prices get any higher, it'll be officially too expensive to eat there often. $10 after tax for 5 wings, though they are large wings, is pushing it (they were $7 or $8 a while ago.)  The lunch deal is good-- about $8 for 3 wings + fries + drink. They don't officially offer a substitute for the fries, which is annoying because some employees let me switch them for something healthier, others don't. After the wings, the last thing I want is a bunch of soggy fries, or any fries for that matter...too much fried stuff in one meal. Some veggies or a small thing of kimchi would be nice. In conclusion, it might sound like I hate the place or something, but I just want to give a fair overview. I want to emphasize that my criticisms should NOT discourage you from trying the chicken here.
