Framing: Went there with 5 friends for a brunch on Saturday at 11 am. We had to wait until around 11:30 for our table. We each ended up paying around $20 including tip. Food: AWESOME!!! Everything we had was delicious and the menu was ridiculous. EVERYTHING is on there so expect intense debate and indecision. Tons of pancakes, waffles, eggs, french toast, fruits, etc. And everything was well prepared. I had the bacon lover's omelet and survived without being rushed to the hospital for coronary problems. Others with me had strawberries on greek yogurt, strawberry stuffed french toast, one of the skillets, and pancakes. Everyone cleaned their plates. Service: Good but not great, and in typical American style, they rush you when you are done eating. Same restaurant in Amsterdam would be awesome. Eat, talk, relax and enjoy time with friends without feeling you must run when done with the last bite. hostess and other servers are just not that friendly. Not nasty, per se, but certainly not exactly pleasant AT ALL. Decor: Who cares overall if decor is not that great, but in this case the restaurant is kind of cute but not kitsch. It is, however, WAY too crowded and we were crammed over near the window, barely able to move and definitely not able to get up. Not a pleasant experience unless you are REALLY comfortable with your table. I felt like I was sexually harassing my friend sitting next to me because I kept accidentally rubbing against his inner thigh. AWKWARD!! DRAWBACKS: 1) Wait was minimized for the group but only because I arrived 10 minutes earlier. Total wait was about 45 minutes. I could see this being a major pain for many people when there are options nearby with less of a wait. But I have waited for Original House of Pancakes on Bellvue and that was much longer. 2) Staff not friendly. 3) MOST NEGATIVE: There are no mimosas or bloody mary's. Who has brunch without those????????? And when I asked, the server gave me SERIOUS attitude. "We are a breakfast place and have not even tried to get a license for alcohol" I am not an alchie, but find brunch without mimosas just ... well, breakfast!
