Rick Bayless is amazing. I'd follow him anywhere around the world to eat his food. He's one of the most decorated and revered chefs in America for a few simple reasons: He cooks authentic, ethnic food from the soul, without pretension, and with it expresses his honest devotion to the culture, history, and ingredients that define Oaxacan food. We arrived early afternoon with party of four. We had hoped to score a late reservation for Frontera or Topolobampo but understood it would be difficult. The door staff advised us to wait in line (starting at 415) to try for an early evening seating. We waited, were given a 640 sit-down time, and were seated promptly as promised. The restaurant saves half the seats for walk-up clients (much more forgiving than most places) and most times can squeeze you in the same night. The service was wonderful. The full staff is attentive, prompt, friendly, and helpful in decoding the complexities of the monthly-rotating Oaxacan menu. The drinks are strong. Way strong. I recommend the traditional Mojito (with Tequila). Rick and his staff present a variety of ceviche, small plate, and large plate offerings. We ordered a few selections from each part of the menu and were amazed at the consistency, depth of flavor, diversity of ingredients, execution of technique, and inspiration in each dish. The food, all the food, was simply amazing. You may expect that Rick, like most celebrichefs, coasts by on mediocre food to fund his burgeoning TV, cookware, cookbook, and all-in-one margarita machine empire. You'd be, fortunately for all, incorrect. Rick and his restaurants are no 'crap-serving, overpriced, slow-service, uninspired, taco bell-knockoff, Bobby Flay crap storm'. His food is traditional to the T---he's lived there, loves the land, and uses it to inspire his creations. If you find yourself in Chicago. Hell, if you find yourself in the mid-west or anywhere other than a coastline, make your way to one of his downtown restaurants and enjoy his vision, memory, and love of traditional Mexican food.
