I will admit it, the Hilton in downtown Chicago is not my usual go-to for accommodations in the city. It's the place that, when on vacation there I would always see it and sigh and think, when I have enough money I would love to stay there. So, this past weekend, while in town for a wedding, my fianc and I decided to treat ourselves and get a room here. Now, let me say up front, that the entrance lobby is very impressive. And the suites that the bridal party were in were absolutely gorgeous. Even our floor and room were rather tasteful, if you like modern-chic. Also, it is very clean, as one should expect of place with such a high reputation. Hence why I gave it two stars instead of one. Now, the bad. First of all, a lot of these have to do with price. I am stating this up front because yes, we did understand that we would be paying quite a bit. Hence the whole "we decided to treat ourselves" bit. What I didn't know, and wish I had, was that despite the fact that you pay twice, even three times the amount on a room here compared to most places, our money only went about half, even a third as far as it does at those other places. 1) There is no included wifi. You must pay for it, and there is no wired connection option. Considering the cost of wifi or a wired connection, this seemed extremely tacky and cheap 2) No breakfast. Of any kind. You either pay the overly extravagant prices of the restaurant connected to the lobby, which is mostly a bar and dinner place to begin with, or have a coffee and breakfast at Starbucks. Not very classy for a place like the Hilton. 3) The room, despite being exorbitantly expensive, was incredibly small. We were so cramped, we had to pack our stuff away in the silly wardrobe/closet they give you, or risk several stubbed toes or possible broken bones from tripping over our weekend suitcases. (Note, these were small enough to be airplane carry-ons). 4) This size issue was also an issue in the bathroom, the shower of which was so small that if you dropped something, you would have to open the door to bend down and pick it up. 5) Yes, it was clean. In a there's-no-mold-or-bugs way, but the ceiling was dusty and full of cobwebs. 6) View. Even though this hotel is in the center of Chicago, right across Michigan Ave from the park, we got to look at a brick wall...and our neighbors. 7) Without telling us, up front, at the desk or otherwise, they overcharged our credit card to cover a per night deposit. I don't have a problem with this in principle, but it's a good thing we weren't close to our limit because not knowing that that would go on there, even temporarily, could have caused some major problems. 8) No help with parking. I know that most hotels charge for parking, especially in downtown Chicago, but several I have stayed at give a discount or some sort of thing for their guests. Or at least a price that is competitive. However, this didn't end up being a huge problem, since we just saved $20 a day by parking in the Millennium garage instead. Good thing we did too, because apparently the extra cost of parking at the Hilton didn't make your car any safer as one of our family member's had her car broken into while parked there. Basically, the hotel was rather nice. But expensive. And I don't mean in a "you have to pay to get nice things way." We actually got much less for our money all around than we do at our usual vacation spot (the Embassy Suites). Basically, you stay here if you have so much money you enjoy spending it unnecessarily. Your money buys you the location, and the prestige of telling cab drivers "The Hilton, please."
