I was having a major craving for Indian as it's been a long time since I went to India House and was super excited to go after work yesterday. I had a cold but thought nothing of it. However, an hour before I was going to leave the office, I noticed I couldn't smell anything. Oh My God.  This is the worst thing that could happen to a foodie like me. And I'm a very laid-back kinda gal but I have to admit, I was cranky when I realized that my taste buds were compromised. But I still had hope and although we decided not to dine in, we got carry out instead.  It was slightly comical ordering the food as I asked for my chicken vindaloo extra spicy (when it already comes quite spicy) as the person who took my order hesitatively asked, "Are you sure?" And when I also ordered lamb masala, he assumed it was the lamb boti kabab masala and I let him know I was talking about the lamb chilli masala, which comes spicy as well. We also ordered garlic naan and some saffron rice.  After we got the food, we chowed down and were super happy. Although my taste buds weren't 100%, I could still somewhat taste the food and the dishes were absolutely delicious and super spicy. My food partner-in-crime was sweating although we had the AC but he could not stop eating because he couldn't get over how good the food was. The garlic naan was super good as well and although the saffron rice was just okay, it was a good complement to the spiciness. I would say I liked the vindaloo slightly more than the masala but it was close as they were both extremely good.  And yes, the prices are somewhat high...we paid $50 for our order but you do have a good amount of leftovers and with delicious food like that, sometimes it's just worth it. (Btw, the previous time I went, I tried the mango lassi which was quite good and the samosas which were just okay...can't remember the dishes we had as my friends were the ones that ordered but those were tasty.) I got my taste buds back today and had some of the leftovers for breakfast just to confirm that my taste buds weren't that off and all the food was still amazingly delectable. :D
