I've been making bi-annual trips to Grand Lux Cafe, usually when I'm in the mood for a nice dinner at a price that is affordable with food that makes me feel as if I've outdone myself. For everything that Grand Lux encompasses, I really should hate it: tourists who venture for a day in the city from destinations as far away as Wilmette and Glenview, the popularity of the place just because it's owned by the Cheesecake Factory, and every single parent who took their daughter to the American Girl Store treating their child to a late lunch. I don't hate the Grand Lux, because the food and service make you forget all of this stuff. The waiters are not too frou-frou, acting as if they're serving in a restaurant 3x as expensive, they know what they serve and that's that. The food-- from salad to dessert-- is immaculate. My favorite appetizer salad is the house salad, because it's so simple yet just enough before the main course (and how many restaurants can you really call a house salad your favorite?) Recently, I had the Chicken Royale, which was perfectly cooked, perfectly breaded, and served with what I thought were the best damn mashed potatoes. The green beans were also unforgettable, and these are green beans we're talking about. Also, for $26 you can get an excellent merlot, which complemented everything perfect. I doubt it was just a day of good choices from the menu; it doesn't take a lot of money to have a good dinner, although it does take a lot to impress me with a restaurant. For all the bad things that Grand Lux attracts, it serves everything else just right, and not overdone. My one complaint-- and it's a small one-- is that if you do not get a booth, you will most likely be stuck sitting inches away from that wonderful couple from Wilmette treating their kid to a post-American Girl dinner; I certainly appreciate the intimacy of French cafe seating, but we're in Chicago (god love this city) and this is not the type of environment where you want to be seated inches away from someone. Still, I suggest you go, and make sure you're able to carry around a doggy bag afterwards; you will need it.
