It's all about the experience. Pretentious? OMG Yes. But also delightfully fun, creative, delicious, interesting, experimental, and unexpected. Alinea was an amazing dining experience. Everything about it from walking into an unmarked door to the service to the food was all impeccable. This is a food experience unlike anything I have ever tried. Most of the dishes were wonderful and complex. Not everything worked and tasted great. But you sort of understand what they were trying to accomplish even if the result wasn't perfected. Each dish was served on some gadget out of Alton Brown's kitchen. They had pins, knifes, wires, pillows, and all types of strange contraptions. One memorable dish was the "Hot Potato", cold potato soup, black truffle, butter. The almost overpowering truffle in this cold soup really blended so well with the potato. It brought the main ingredients to the forefront and I had wished more of the touring menu was like this. The Rhubarb; ginger, basil course was really unexpected. It was a candy ball containing sweet and refreshing rhubarb and basil juice. The ball created an intense flavor explosion in your mouth. Some dishes that I didn't think work as well was the Wagyu Beef. This was brought out frozen and pinned to a stand to let defrost over several courses. The Wagyu was sliced so thinly for it to defrost properly; it was difficult to taste the wonderful fatty meat. The Dry shot, pineapple, rum, cilantro was served in powdered form in a paper envelope and you're supposed to empty the packet in your mouth. It created a pina colada shot but the powders didn't mix well so you are left with a dry clump. It was definitely creative but not so tasty. Maybe it was because we did the five hour 25 course touring menu and it was around 1 o'clock in the morning at that point. But when we got to the desserts they did not live up to the other courses. This was really a once in a lifetime experience for me. I don't think I would do the 25 course menu again but absolutely the smaller tasting menu.
