So the night started out a little rocky...my mom and I got their at about 8 for an 8:30 reservation so I expected to have to wait a bit. We were greeted and told we would be seated in a couple minutes. Then, while waiting, we saw about 5 other parties get sat and I'm like WTF?! So I gave the hostess the stare down until she walked over to me with her tail between her legs and a stick up her ass! She tells me..."I know you've seem me seating people before you (and mind you at this time it's 8:25) but they had reservations at 8:15...so technically they need to get seated first." I just looked at her and said, "Really?" She then smiled and said we would be seated next and walked away. We were seated shortly after, but not after two more parties of two were seated before us. BAD START! Let me tell ya! Front of the house staff that night...-5 stars...seriously. But from that point on...our experience was magical! Our waitress was honestly one of the best I have ever had...EVER! She was phenomenal...personable, funny, inviting...must I go on?! The busboys were amazing and were always filling our water and refilling our pickles and chips...love them!  Then there was the food. We started with the Hush Puppies with Chipotle Aioli...uh-mazing! Sooooo good! I went their for one thing and one thing only, the beef ribs. And of course, in Angieland fashion, she regretfully told me they sold the last one about 10 minutes prior. I almost died right their, literally, or killed the front of the house twizat for seating me all late and shit! Sooooo...anyways...I wasn't messing around, so I ordered the Competition St. Louis style ribs with the cornbread and my mom had the combo with the pulled pork and the baby back ribs, also with the cornbread. Everything was pretty amazeballs but honestly the highlight was the baby back ribs and the cornbread! And my favorite of the three sauces served alongside was the spicy and my mom only tried (and loved) the original. I definitely need to come back and try the beef ribs and possibly the competition baby backs!  This is def a must try for BBQ lovers! **And FYI, Claudio, the Asst. Gen. Manager came over to ask how our night was and I was blunt, like always, and told him how upset I was about not getting my beef ribs and about the front of the house, and he told me to give him a call next time before I come in so they can set aside an order of beef ribs and he said he will make sure to take care of us! Yay! Gotta love that kind of service! I'll be back.
