Oh, for the love of encased meats! Hot Doug's lives up to the hype and more. At the risk of sounding like a Yelp/Food Channel/Bourdain victim, I made Hot Doug's a dining destination on my trip to Chicago. Luckily, the delightful Ellen M. was willing to meet me and accompany me on this pilgrimage. Good thing, because there is a huge line. HUGE line. Like down the block, and we were there before noon. And if you know me, you know that I don't wait in lines. Well, this is a place that warrants it, so grab a friend, get there early, and strike up some conversation. I think we were expecting more of a Soup Nazi experience (order, move down, pay, leave) and less of a casual, unhurried, accommodating vibe. Doug was at the counter, nice as can be, and we ordered, paid and grabbed a table right under the uber-cool hot dog clock. There is also an outdoor patio, but you can't check out all of the hot dog paraphernalia from there. I'm a big fan of hot dog kitsch. I had the Foie Gras and Sauternes Duck Sausage, with Truffle Aioli, Foie Gras Mousse and Sel Gris. Legend has it that during the famous foie gras ban in Chicago, Doug's would continue to serve this delicacy and simply pay the $250 fine every month. Did I mention that I loved Doug? Oh and the sausage was divine - as if they had somehow captured a fine dining dish between two halves of a bun. Ellen M. had the Cherry & Apple Pork Sausage with Sweet Cherry Mustard, Goat Cheese, and Rum-Soaked Dried berries, which was heavenly. What a great combination - and again, worth every penny of the $8 price. Ellen's adorable mini-me had a regular hot dog, and if you are going to have one of these, be sure to check the options menu and know how you want it before ordering (grilled or steamed, condiments, etc).  Great variety of drinks, including Dr. Brown's Celery and Cherry sodas. There were no duck fat fries on this day, but I have it on good authority that they just taste like the regular fries anyway (which were quite good).  Doug's is an unusual, friendly, cheery place with creative specials and great food. Most of all (and you will rarely hear me say this), it's WORTH THE WAIT.
