We showed up at about 4:30 on a gloriously warm spring Thursday, No line, and we had our pick of seating. While I sort of wish we would have just lined up for a full Frontera meal (Frontera has never failed us when we've been able to get in), XOCO was our plan and we stuck with it. My seafood caldo ($12.50) was definitely four star, studded with four or five huge shrimp, meltingly tender fish lumps, about half a dozen mussels and chunks of a nice yellow potato, all in a beautiful balanced red broth of maybe guajillo peppers and whatever else. The tasty hibiscus lemongrass agua fresca was intensely syrupy and was perhaps even better once I topped it off with some sparkling water (on tap). As I approached the water taps, they asked me if I wanted refills--I'm not sure if that meant I could have had more agua fresca for little or no additional charge. My husband had a chicken torta that he thought high-quality and nicely toasted. He also ordered chips and salsa. The chips were excellent and tasted like they were made from homemade tortillas. The salsa tasted much like the grocery Frontera stuff, which is certainly good, but a bit more of it would have been welcome--it came with two tiny plastic containers (2 or 3 oz. each? I'm not sure--the size take-out tartar sauce usually comes in). The young women working the counter were super bright and friendly. Service was fast. A few quibbles. I didn't love the room--the colors are warm, some cute prints on the walls, sustainable materials, etc., but it felt pretty cold overall. If you take a table in the back, the swinging of the kitchen door is pretty constant (or maybe we were there at a shift change). My husband's Modelo was pricey. Lunch for two (two entrees, one basket of chips, one agua fresca, one beer) came out to be $34--certainly more than we usually spend for casual semi-fast-food lunches, but the quality was tops. And it's certainly lovely that people can get a bit of the Bayless magic on somewhat of a budget. I'd like to try breakfast one of these days.
