I took the BF here for brunch on his B-Day because of their presence at Yelp Fantasea where my 'Mel' fell in LOVE with Big Jones. All in all, our meal was pretty good (maybe borderline okay) and the service was peculiar at best. With breakfast at $80 for 2 people and only one bloody mary, I will likely not be back... not with service that weirds me out, at least. Our server was so bizarre. Like children of the corn bizarre. We would order, we would say thank you upon her dropping food off and taking plates away and she would not respond at all. Just had a weird smirk on her face. She didn't seem crabby, just seemed like she disliked customers. As one of only 2 tables in the place, I'd say that she was not super busy and not taking out a busy brunch on us. Really though, if you ordered food at a restaurant and all the server did was stare at you, down at her notepad and then walk away, you'd be uncomfortable too. I like a little acknowledgement, just a little. please. For breakfast we got a mixture of things, including: The Beignets: Fabulous! Defo the hit of the meal. How can you go wrong with sugary, fluffy, doughy delights like these. The gumbo ya ya- BF thoroughly enjoyed - but he likes all gumbo, really. The Eggs New Orleans, Lump crab cakes on fresh popovers with poached eggs, barnaise sauce, and potatoes O'Brie. They were sooo very dry and almost sandy tasting. Can't say I was a fan, at all. The Lafourche, which is a Louisiana crawfish, jalapeno, wild mushrooms, cream cheese, bearnaise sauce. I couldn't taste the jalapenos at all, the bearnaise sauce was bland and overall, tasted like something I could've gotten at a much lesser restaurant. The service was certainly 2 stars and was best summed up when the other (and only) table in the restaurant, who was sat directly next to us, said, "maybe we should go, I don't think they want us here" after the server begrudgingly took their drink order and would answer their questions with blank stares and short, terse, one word answers. The food was a 3 - 3.5. For the price and flavor together it was just not a hit. Nothing was bad but nothing was as fantastic as I had been expecting. The ambiance and decor were great though. Had the the service been better, I could probably ignore that our food was just okay and give the 4 star bump but sadly, that was not the case and the poor attitude of our server very much dictated how we felt about our meal.
