I've been here twice, because I felt that there might be opening jitters...there weren't and there still aren't. I think most of you on here know I have a slight southside bias, so when I am raving this much about a place up north you KNOW it's good. REAL GOOD. As in, "I want to join the mug club because I'll definitely make back the $25 cost of membership" good. First time we were here, it was 11pm on a Saturday night. Crowded yes, but a wait for a table? Surprisingly, no. Since we were eating, we got a table up on the second floor overlooking the bar, which I thought was cool. Dimly-lit room with those big round lights that make it look like a beer hall (at least from pics I've seen of Publican!) added nice atmosphere. So there aren't a whole lot of beers on the menu yet. I get the cross of gold golden ale and my friend Kevin gets the Bottom up Wit. WARNING - if you don't like strongly flavored beers I highly suggest you choose from the list of guest drafts/bottles (which is surprisingly HUGE considering one would think they'd want you to drink their beer). Even the cross of gold, which I would think is the beer of choice for your typical miller lite drinkers trying to dive into craft beers, is hoppier then I expected (but the hoppier the better for me). The flavor of coriander in bottom up wit was actually too overpowering for me (it is a lot like Bell's Winter White Ale and, well, it's March. Time to move on). Food. I wasn't terribly hungry so my buddy and I split the Margherita Pizza. It was big, teh sauce was great, good cheese, and only $10! My buddy got the beignets for dessert. Freakin' heavenly. A chocolate cinnamon dipping sauce (like a hot chocolate) into which you are to dip the cinnamon-clove beignets. So amazingly good. However, don't eat em too fast, They were so hot I burned my tongue a little. All in all, good service and good food and good beer and reasonable prices. ...but could revolution continue to provide that same quality of service, food, and beverage? SI. Round 2 - Friday night at 545 (old people hour) because I knew it would be crowded. There was ALREADY a half hour wait, but there was a really big waiting area. There were some booths overrun by a couple little kids with toys (yep mommies and strollers have taken over Logan Square too) so we sat on some bar stools next to a beer barrel. Almost immediately a server comes up to us to take a drink order. I most certainly didn't expect this (I was actually on my way up to the bar to fend for myself) and right away we got our beer, nice and cold. The wait was prob only more like 15 -20 min, but didn't even feel that long bc we were able to wait with beer in hand. I got the Anti-Hero IPA, which I expected to be bitter as hell but was actually not (I mean, it was, but also had that floral aroma and a little sweet taste). It was one of the better IPA's I've had because it was balanced. The better half got the cross of gold and liked it. So we sit down and our server comes right away. We tell her we need a sec to peruse thru the menu. There were some intriguing specials like corned beef pizza (shut up, it sounded good) and some platters of the sausages smoked in-house. However, I really liked the margherita pizza last time so I tried to get it as an app...and the server told us that they had changed it and it was now more traditional with no sauce and cured tomatoes. Now, I'm no purist and I love sauce, so I was bummed...and damn glad she told me. So we got sausage pizza instead. Good italian sausage for a place that isn't a pizza joint. Still good even though it wasn't my beloved margherita pizza :( We order food, and being your typical straight man, all Brian had to see was "beer onions and bacon" and was sold on the Workingman burger. I ordered the porkchop. He devoured the burger. It wasn't the beer onions, or the roll, or the cheese, or the bacon. You know what it was? I'm fairly confident that this is the first time he has ever had a burger cooked the way it's supposed to be - medium rare. He has this thing against eating undercooked food and maybe this was the wake up call he needed :) The porkchop was actually pork loin (fine with me I like that better) that was slightly pink. Most (actually, pretty much all) places won't do this for fear of food poisoning. I don't care, I gotta stomach of steel. It was sooo juicy and delicious, and came with a parsnip puree, sage stuffing, and apple-cranberry compote. I think they could've toned down the sage a little, bc it tasted like christmas to me. A few months too late. Loved it, but they may want to start incorporating the spring ingredients into the menu. We got the beignets again, and once again they were radical. Our server (she had her hair in pigtails and had a flower tattoo on her forearm) was awesome, the food was awesome, and it was a great experience. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
