I've eaten and drank here several times and have never had a bad experience. First off, fried cheese curds as an appetizer. Deep fried cheese served w/ranch dressing. How can anyone not order these? If I recall correctly, it's actually a misdemeanor in Wisconsin to not order deep fried cheese when made available to you. For the slightly more cholesterol conscious consumer, there's the mini ham sandwiches appetizer that his the spot with just the right amount of food for two people seeking some pre-meal pork provisions. They also have a goat cheese fondue appetizer that looks amazing and is currently on my to-do list.The menu is very heavily focused on burgers. Another reviewer (and the menu) mentions the burger meat is from Pat La Frieda in NYC, a company that has been in the business over 90 years. Hardly flavorless or worse than McDonald's as others on here have commented. The various combinations of toppings are enough to add extra flavor to the burger, but not enough to overpower the taste of the meat itself. It's a delicate balance that they have achieved. Please don't put ketchup on these! It'd be like putting A1 on a filet. I've heard good things about the house made veggie burger, but with so much meat on the menu, I can't justify ordering one. If I do, I'll be sure to request bacon on top.I've only strayed from the burger menu a few times but have not been disappointed. The stand out for me is the ham sandwich, but then again I'm partial to the pig. This is not some bush league, lazy ham sandwich that consists of sodium-laden deli ham slices. No, fellow pork aficionados, this is real deal ham off the bone and plenty of it. It is topped w/cheese and house pickled onions (and peppers, I think).The fries are just as nature intended. Hand-cut and crispy. If you want your fried spuds to have some company, don't grab the ketchup, but instead order any of the variety of seasoned fries. I like the garlic, curry and truffle oil. These are definitely in my top 5 favorite fries of Chicago.As for the drinks, allow me to summarize: The beer menu is physically larger than the food menu. If that isn't a sign from the heavens above, I don't know what is. The beer menu is expertly laid out by country of origin and brewery. Those less familiar with some of the more exotic beers will be happy to discover descriptions of the beers noted below each one. There's an ever-rotating list of draft beers that you will generally not find at the average Chicago bar. No Miller Lite drafts here. There's also a Lindeman's lambic tap if you dig the lambics. Lastly, there's also specialty drink list, though they are more female focused as those lists generally are. My lady friends have raved about the Persnickety Lemon. If all else fails, order yourself a bloody mary. One of the best in the cosmos. Love is the secret ingredient.Service is always excellent whether you sit at front in the bar area, or in the back at the grown up tables. The staff are very knowledgeable in both the food and drink selection. If you're confused by the beer list, don't be afraid to ask for a suggestion. I've found the food and especially drink prices to be very fair considering this is Chicago. If you're unable to spend $9 for a burger, I'd suggest visiting a dollar menu from any number of fast food establishments.Overall, this is one of my favorite new bars/restaurants. The food is unique and prepared with quality ingredients while the drink menu clearly had a lot of thought put into its creation. Give it a try and I'm sure you'll feel the same way I do. Only hopefully less hungover.
