My girlfriend and I decided to head to Geja's Cafe for our 4-year anniversary after some helpful research online(thank you yelpers). I'd say we had high expectations given some of our previous dining experiences in Chicago and Boston. Well, these expectations were definitely met and surpassed. I would not compare it so say...Everest as they are completely different. Geja's was definitely one of the most memorable and easily makes it into my top ten dining experiences. We walked into the restaurant and were directed to the bar as I had a reso for 8:00pm, but the hostess suggested we grab a drink or glass of vino because a booth would soon be available. If you're presented with this option, I would highly suggest waiting it out for two reasons. First, the non-booth seating looked a little tight for a fondue experience. Second, the bartender was extremely helpful and pleasant. He suggested trying a glass of wine that we enjoyed so much I went with a bottle of it for dinner(some syrah-combo). The waitress was very nice and attentive(but not too attentive). My girlfriend and I decided to go with the premier fondue flights which we well worth it in my opinion. I cannot recall which of us ordered "PRINCE GEJA'S COMBINATION" and who ordered "THE CONNOISSEUR" as we both shared the entire meal. This was sooooooo much food and definitely somewhere fun and romantic to spend an entire evening. The fruits and breads were a great start with the Gruyre and Brandy fondue. The main course was a massive presentation of meats and seafood. I was a little skeptical of the seafood(scallops and lobster) given that I live in Boston now and am surrounded by some of the best seafood one could find. My skepticism was quickly squashed as the scallops and lobster were top notch. I believe I read earlier in a review that you should be careful about what you wear as the oil can splatter. I wore a nice tie and blazer and walked out unstained (a feat I was quite impressed with myself since we had an absurd amount of wine and complimentary champagne). So I would not worry about leaving Geja's cafe stained unless you plan on throwing your food at your date. The meal finished up with pound cake and fruits with the decadent Belgian chocolate. Feeling like gluttons, we ignored how full we were from the meal and indulged in the perfect and overwhelmingly chocolaty conclusion to our meal. The waitress heard us mention it was our anniversary and the next thing we knew she was back at our table with some complimentary champagne. We struggled to finish the chocolate fondue, so the waitress wrapped it up so we could take it home and heat it up later. I'm only mentioning this because I was surprised to see this at a fondue establishment. The bill was modest when you think about how much food and the great experience we had. In all reality you could not find a better meal for the price range at Geja's (around $200 if you go all out for two of you). In summary: Atmosphere: 4 stars(I thought it was a bit warm at times) Food: 4.5 stars Service: 4.5. stars Overall Experience 4.5 stars.
