You get a BILL with the CHECK... Chinese barbecue heaven! Is it a restaurant? Or a carryout place? It's BOTH. And man, this place is like eat-every-nite GOOD.  The restaurant and carryout is Chinese, and most likely Cantonese style. The carryout is most all meats. And everything is very fresh - chicken and duck especially. So what, you say? Let's put it this way - a frozen chicken (rubber) or duck (superball) does not taste like anything I have ever had here. This is the best Chinese barbecue in the city, unless someone can prove it to me otherwise. CARRYOUT - WHAT TO BUY - Chinese barbecue can be daunting for a newcomer. Here is a quick guide: Char Siu (char-shoe) - Barbecued pork - the boneless pork flank is marinated and roasted in a sweet style, no smoky flavor. This is typically of a 5-spice flavor, and is roasted all the way thru. Use for cooking (fried rice, stirfry with favorite vegetable) or just eat on rice or just eat. I think this is the best in the city. It's lean, not too salty, and very consistent. Start with a lb, I guarantee it will be gone in a day. Soy Chicken (soy chick-en) - soy chicken - sold by the half, this chicken is also cooked in a 5-spice manner + soy sauce, but boiled in this mixture. The meat does not absorb the soy sauce, since it is cooked whole. Again, eaten with rice, with some of the sauce included.  Roast Pork - Roasted pork with the skin, prepared in the 'lechon' style.  Crispy Skin Chicken - this is a crispy brown skinned (not breaded) chicken, with a tender interior. It is also sold by the half. This chicken is prepared by sealing the chicken by pouring hot water over it, marinating and drying it, then deep-frying it to a golden brown. It is served with a spiced salt and is great as a meal or appetizer. You might get a head and feet in your order so also ask to exclude them. That's right, I said a CHICKEN HEAD. That's how you know you're getting a CHICKEN and not a DUCK. Crispy Skin Duck - same as chicken but duck. You will get a duck head in your order, unless you ask to exclude it. Just a warning, it looks like a drumstick when you first pick it up, until you try to bite it. Then you realize you have Daffy or Donald by the BILL, and your giving him a TOOTH NOOGIE.  RESTAURANT - WHAT TO EAT - Most everything on their menu is authentic. If you are less adventurous, try the rice plates. If you are an eating maverick, try it all!  PRICE - Reasonable. Both for carry out and for restaurant.  PARKING - Street, and it's BAD. Park a block away and walk. CAVEATS - If you are cholesterol challenged, there is a fish place around the corner. If you're a vegetarian, join the fish person. If you want to get RID of a vegetarian DATE, then THIS IS THE PLACE FOR YOU. And, as they say in Asia to Westerners, "Rots of ruck!"
