So check this out, this was our ultimate dawg order: - Tequila and Black Bean Chicken Sausage with Mango Salsa and Asadero Cheese ($7.50) - Cognac-Infused Lamb and Pork Sausage with Spinach Raita and Pecorino Pepato Cheese ($8.00) - Ribeye Steak Sausage with Horseradish Cream Sauce and Crispy Fired Onions ($8.00) - The Atomic Bomb: Damn Spicy Pork Sausage with Blood Orange Mustard and Habanero-Jack Cheese ($7.50) - Foie Gras and Sauternes Duck Sausage with Truffle Aioli, Foie Gras Mousse and Sel Gris ($9.00) - Mandarin Orange and Teriyaki Chicken Sausage with Sriracha Mustard and Smoke Gouda Cheese ($7.50) - The Elvis: Good ol' Polish Sausage ($2.50) Are you salivating yet? This was the final stop on a whirlwind tour of Chicago eateries. What better way to end the dawg expedition by playing hide the sausage - and it took 2 and a half hours to do it. Whew, and am I tired. We arrived at Doug's at 1pm and at 3:30pm we met Doug who personally takes each and every order. This place is all about the exotic combination of sausage meats (I won't quote the motto because the other 800+ reviews of this place say it), but it's also about all the friends you make in line while waiting a frickin' hell of a long time. There were over 300 tourists and 2 locals crazy enough to wait over 2.5 hours for these links. One local, David S., was very helpful in explaining what to get and all the scenarios on what to expect and do inside. He summarized it pretty well: "Doug's has the meats, Superdawg has the neon signs." So here's the 9-step process: 1) Wait, wait, wait, kneel down, lay down, wait, wait... 2) Wait some more... (if you're near the dumpsters it's a 2 hour wait) 3) Have a hell of a hard time deciding what you want... 4) Talk with Doug. He calculates the total price and tells you... 5) Your jaw drops and hopefully you have enough cash... 6) You go sit down... 7) 4 minutes later they bring your dawgs... 8) Spend 20-30 minutes savoring all your choosings. 9) Spend another 10 minutes saying good-bye to everyone you met. What keeps people coming back is the weekly changing specialty encased meats menu. So all those sausages mentioned above could be completely different next week (except for th Elvis - he'll live forever with a Pocketful of Rainbows) We actually got lucky in that we went on Friday. Only on Fridays and Saturdays do they have "Duck Fat Fries" (http://www.yelp.com/biz_) - What's that? You heard me... The perfect thinly cut potatoes deep fried in Duck Fat. They don't taste strange - they are just an awesome discovery of golden-brown crisp heaven. A large-size can easily satisfy 3 people and at $3.50 - what a deal! The goods with Duck Fat Fries: (http://www.yelp.com/biz_) More goods: (http://www.yelp.com/biz_) More goods: (http://www.yelp.com/biz_) From the pics, the dawgs look of normal size, but it was hella-difficult to finish two of these per person. So even though a dawg is quite expensive, it does make for a rich filling meal. Waiting 2.5 hours is extremely excessive, but what an experience of aromas, textures and tastes. Hot Doug's is only open Monday through Saturday, 10:30am - 4:00pm. So due to the limited hours - you will be stuck in a line. It is as good as it gets in the dawg-eat-dawg world! And to think, I asked so many people in downtown C-town where Hot Doug's was and I got answers like: "Who?, What? Never heard of it." So almost passed on this place which would have been a tragedy in the making.
