You know amazingly enough, growing up I wasn't really a big fan of sausages or hot dogs. Then a decade ago I had a REAL sausage from a butcher shop and my entire opinion changed. Actually, now I love a good hot dog and/or sausage. When a friend of mine came to visit, we decided to try and get into Hot Doug's. We have seen it on a few TV shows and written up a few places, so luckily we knew to arrive kind of early. It was a Friday too, so luckily the line wasn't as long as on say, oh a Saturday. Waited outside for maybe 30-35 minutes before giving my order to the man himself, Doug. I ordered a Foie Gras Dog, a standard Chicago Dog, and a Kiera Knightly. I joked with Doug for awhile that I'd order ketchup on my Foie Gras Dog. He was a good sport, and no I would never think about doing that. Anyway, I really don't remember what my friend ordered to be honest with you, but that doesn't even matter, because we got duck fat fries too. The Foie Gras Dog had a very, very healthy (uh, but not really because Foie Gras is terrible for you) portion on top for only $9. I bet there was $20 worth of Foie on here so what a great deal! The dog itself was good, but I was not expecting it to be as rich as it was. All in all it was good, not "I am having an epiphany amazing," but yeah I would get it again. The standard Chicago Dog was also good, but nothing amazing and the same for the Kiera Knightly. The fries were really good, but they did not taste as good as they cooled down. Eat them fast! Still good cold though. The other dogs do look awesome, and everytime I've tried to get back to Hot Doug's, the line has been extremely long and I've been hung over. A good combination? No. I'm not going to wait in line for 90 minutes hung over. 4 stars for now, until I go back and have more. It was really good, but didn't blow me away. I recommend it too. I would say to come early, but if I do, everyone is going to come early. So come early, and maybe not on a Friday or Saturday. Hmm, but then again, you wouldn't be able to have those great duck fat fries would you?
