Definitely on my list in Chicago now. Wouldn't suggest this as a first date spot (unless you thrive on high volumes and shared tables in that situation) but the restaurant is great for almost any other situation. The atmosphere inside is lively and social; aided by the long communal tables and open interior (the pictures on the website should give you an idea). The servers do their part to cultivate that atmosphere as well Ordering several plates and sharing is the recommended course of action, so when in Rome (menu changes frequently, maybe even daily, so this may be unnecessary but): Chef's Selection Oysters - We were served a six oysters on a bed of ice with a small menu identifying each piece. Wonderful presentation and great taste Sea Bass - Probably the best thing we ordered. Fish was very tender and came in a good sized portion Mussels - Sounding like a broken record, but were quality tasting, came in a large portion and also was accompanied by hunks of bread to soak up the excess juice Fried Clams - Not exactly thrilled with this dish, which I'm guessing is just due to the texture in this case Suckling Pig - Awesome. Very tender meat and very flavorful. Also came in a large portion as well Mushroom Burrata - Not as tasty as the other mentioned dishes, but still had plenty of flavor and was a solid addition Now, we ordered this all for two people. The waitress warned us after ordering that we would be on the "edge of full." After some brief banter we decided to go for it and see how it all turned out. About halfway through the meal the waitress came in and apologized (she was very nice about the whole thing) saying that she believed it would indeed be too much food for us and that she was sorry for not being more cautious earlier. She said that if we finished everything she would get us a free dessert. Like we needed anymore incentive with food like this. Our meal slowed to a crawl just at the end. It was just as the waitress had explained before: the edge of full. We couldn't just turn down the offer for dessert, however. We ordered the peanut butter and chocolate pie and got some sort of berry turnover with vanilla ice cream as our bonus (she followed through on her promise). One of the greatest pains for me that night was having to put down my fork before the pie was finished. It was exceptionally delicious slice of pie (graham cracker crust and caramel also included, in case I failed to mention). I had succumbed to fullness, but was perfectly content. The meal was expensive, but when i consider the size of the portions and the quality of the food, I was pleased enough with the meal and the experience to warrant the cost. Five stars
