I had not made it up here yet, so I was thrilled when my friend Uvon suggested it as a brunch possibility. I am a pretty big fan of the original Uncommon Ground on Clark and Grace, but I am happy to say that these two sister establishments are unique enough that they can each hold a special place in my heart. I just happen to currently love the one on Devon a bit more. First of all, this Uncommon Ground has the only Rooftop Farm in the nation, and it even has its own beehives! I cannot even tell you how excited I am about this self-sustaining gesture! I think everyone needs to take note--especially all those urban hipster-farmers in Brooklyn; take that! You can even tour the farm on Friday afternoons during the farmers' market. Our super sweet server, who appreciated how my eyes matched my dress, told me that this year they are going to have 13 vendors--up from 4--this year! This is definitely worthy of the long trek up to Rogers Park from Hyde Park. I was all set on ordering the chorizo chilaquiles, but then, completely enticed by the way our server said, "pepper encrusted bacon," I jumped ship and got the breakfast melt. Yum! Just be prepared for a very present beer taste in the cheddar ale that's melted onto the onion black bread. Uvon got the buttermilk pancakes with a wild blueberry compote and the mint creme-anglaise. Even though I'm not a sweet brunch person, I was certainly jealous of all the creme...but blueberries? In late May/early June? They also had a french toast with homemade rhubarb syrup, which I completely salute! What also stood out was the fact that Uvon and I walked right in at 11:15 on a gorgeous Sunday morning. This probably doesn't bring them great joy, but it thrills me! Overall, I'm psyched about this place. For the moment at least, it is totally replacing Heartland Cafe in my mind as THE spot in Rogers Park. I want to come back, shop at their market, tour their farm, hear a show, try their dinner...if they make a pear-cassis martini as amazingly delicious as their--COUSIN--down in Wrigleyville, I may never need to go to that location again!
