I would give this place 5 stars - but I don't think that any restaurant could be that perfect. But with that said, this place is absolutely AMAZING! You need to try this place NOW! I read a bunch of reviews before i went here with my boyfriend for our 6 monthiversary. I requested to be seated upstairs by the front terrace (as others have recommended) and it truly was beautifully set up there. Very romantic ambiance, perfect for any special occasion. We also ordered the melon and passion martinis, which were very fruity - I especially liked the passion one. Men beware - the glasses are super girly, so if you don't want to be carrying that around from the bar to your table (like my boyfriend haha), but I suggest getting another one of their fabulous cocktail options. For our appetizer, we had the #15 salad (Bo Luc Lac) and it was AMAZING! Honestly, one of the best salads I had. The meat was very juicy, tender, and rather sweet. The dressing also complimented the filet very well. The greens were all very fresh tasting - the perfect combination of ingredients! For my entree, I got the #31 (Ga Xao Cari) which was very delicious. If you are an eggplant person and can handle spicy foods, I would definitely recommend this dish. I had no complaints and it really hit my sweet spot for good curry. My boyfriend got the #38 (Ca Nuong) which he raved about. I only tried a bit of the salmon, which was cooked to medium rare and was surprisingly sweeter than I would have expected. He kept telling me how delicious it was and how he had to consciously pace himself to not eat all of the salmon in one huge bite, so I imagine it to be very good. He also said that the salmon and noodles were surprisingly a very good combo (if you haven't noticed a trend yet here, it's that this place is full of wonderful surprises for your taste buds!) We almost passed up on dessert because it was getting late, but thank goodness we didn't! We got a macaroon to share, and it was heavenly! This was honestly the best macaroons that I have ever had!!!!!! SO GOOD! But I believe it when the waitress said all of their desserts were awesome, so definitely order something before you leave!
