This is one of the restaurants that I've been wanting/waiting to check off my list for a long, long while.  Expectations were high and I was really hoping/expecting to have the experience that so many other Yelpers have written about. In the interest of full disclosure, we were a large group (around 20) and we had the private room upstairs -- potentially leading to a somewhat different experience. First the service...it started out quite well...very attentive during our cocktail hour and for most of the dinner (though one of my co-diners had some wine spilled on her -- they felt REALLY bad). I did enjoy how calculated the presentation of our food was - always symmetrical. My personal bugaboo was that prior to the dinner, they asked if we had any special dietary needs/considerations; one of our courses was lamb and I mentioned that I don't eat lamb (we knew ahead of time that they would have a fish substitute for this situation). Now, what I probably SHOULD have said is..."I don't eat lamb or red meat," but hind-sight is 20/20; regardless, my lamb substitute was beef. It remained untouched for a good 5 to 10 minutes (which I know that our wait staff observed) until I offered it up to the others at my table. I was a bit surprised that they never asked if everything was alright or if there was something amiss. In addition, they also became obviously irritated that we were there so late. Now to the food...our passed hors d'Oeuvres were a combination of Toasted Shrimp and Herb Wonton, Lobster Roll, and I think the Mushroom Bouchee -- I enjoyed all three, though the Shrimp/Herb Wonton was my favorite. Our menu consisted of Seared Ahi Tuna with Hearts of Palm, Spring Pea Veloute (surprisingly good), Butter-Poached Maine Lobster (so, so good -- my favorite), Roasted Lamb Ribeye, and a dessert of Roasted Pineapple & Dense Chocolate. The presentation of each course was quite nice and I enjoyed being taken slightly out of my food comfort zone with the Ahi Tuna and Spring Pea Veloute options. However, it wasn't one of the best meals of my life (and I was still on the hungry side) -- which makes me kind of sad. Am I just a victim of having too high of expectations (like when everyone told me that "40 Year Old Virgin" was the funniest movie EVER)? Nevertheless, I'd like to try Tru in a smaller group and sit in the main dining room...I'm curious to see if my experience would be at all different (I suspect slightly so). Officially 3.5 stars but I'm marking as 3 since they made me feel bad for staying late and enjoying quality time with some of my favorite clients.
