I live and the neighborhood and absolutely love big jones! My husband and I make it a point to go at least once a month as we are part of their "bourbon society" (you get a free tasting every month of a particular bourbon..once you try them all, you get a 5 course meal with bourbon pairings....admittedly this will take us about 4 years, but we are patient people ;) ) My husband loves the gumbo and thankfully it is on both the dinner and brunch menu. I am originally from the gulf coast and love having a taste of home readily available such as shrimp and grits and collard greens. The ingredients are fresh, local and they cure and grind their meats in house which I find impressive. I'm really partial to their hamburger and whatever seafood they are serving that day. Their shrimp and grits are better than any i've had in the south. I have a gluten allergy/intolerance and surprisingly, this is one of the most gluten-free friendly restaurants around!  Their complimentary cornbread is gluten free, as are most sides, and if I'm ever interested in something, they never hesitate to make accommodations for me. Recently they opened a patio and I'm very much looking forward to spending a lot of time their this summer. Also, it doesn't jump out at you on the menu, but their warm oat cake with ginger and coconut ice cream is AMAZING.  Its more like a spice cake, the ice cream is only very subtly flavored with coconut, and the crystallized ginger and rhubarb jam all come together very well. My husband was not interested when I ordered it (and indeed "oat cake" does not scream "tasty dessert!") but he was blown away by it as well.  best part (for me): its GLUTEN FREE!  if you are someone who likes, carrot cakes, snickerdoodles, gingersnaps, biscoff cookies etc...youll love this. I appreciate that its not a huge dessert, and again is made to order.  Next time I order it, I will request more ginger...yum! I have only been here for brunch a couple of times but it is already one of our favorites (and Andersonville is pretty much brunch central so that's saying something). Dare I say that I like it even more than M.Henry?! Esp now that they too have a patio. For those complaining of the prices, please do your homework and check out the menu online before coming. Its not selling itself to be something it's not: you are NOT going to come here and get a plateful of food for $5. The prices reflect the QUALITY ingredients being used (did I mention that they cure and grind all meats in house? everything is made to order, each batch of bread is made as its being ordered etc).  It's an upscale twist on gulf coast food...I'll gladly pay a few bucks more for a hamburger of this quality and taste.  Big Jones is definitely a unique restaurant and one I hope will be around for years to come
