Twitter is indirectly responsible for one of the best dining experiences of my life. To celebrate its 10th anniversary, Bin 36 has undergone quite the evolution in the past few months, including a revamped cheese menu and a huge social media push. I love cheese, and I'm not shy about mentioning that in person or online -- so when @BIN36 started tweeting at me about their new focus on fromage, I listened. Then I got a few girlfriends together to get a closer look. When we arrived for our reservation, Brian Duncan, Bin's wine director, greeted us personally and treated us to gratis glasses of sparkling wine as a special thank-you for connecting through Twitter. We whipped out our iPhones to tweet our delight. We ordered one of Bin's new cheese flights, the decadent quadruple threat called "Fat Cat." It includes my all-time favorite, Nancy's Camembert, and a sinful French cheese called Brillat Savarin. Then came a few more rounds of wine, selected from a menu organized into aptly named flights: Think "Sexy Reds" and "All-American Whites." My tempranillo/merlot blend was described as a "a mouthful of fleshy, mineral-soaked red and dark berries." Now that's sexy. What's not sexy? The degree to which my stomach stretched to accommodate all our food. Our combination tweet-up and pig-out also included a beet salad with hazelnuts and artisanal chvre, a brown sugar-cured pork chop served over Gorgonzola polenta, and a smoked blue cheese souffl. Not once did a dish absent of cheese touch our table. Until dessert. Brian brought over an order of house-made, on-the-house maple-glazed doughnuts with mocha ice cream, then poured us each a glass of his favorite sherry, thick like honey and surprisingly...un-sherry-like. He toasted us, took a sip himself and even stayed around to snap a few photos. After we went our separate ways, my dining companions and I returned to Twitter to give a big thank-you to our hosts, who had a packed house and still made time to spoil all 140 characters right out of us.
