A friend had been telling me for years that Caro Mio was their go-to Italian spot. Why didn't I believe him? Why did it talk me so long to go??  On a nice Wednesday night, we decided we needed some Italian food. Just off the brown line, Caro Mio is in a perfect little spot. BYOB you say? Well, I've got my bottle ready.  The restaurant was half full which is nice on a weekday. We sat right away and were given water and wine glasses. There were lots of specials that the waiter told us about, but we settled on the portabella al gratin as an appetizer and gnocchi gratinati and pappardelle arrabiatta don gamberi for dinner off the regular menu. The waiter was happy to take our appetizer order and then come back to get our dinner order. I love that. I really hate it when a restaurant sort of rushes you through everything.  While waiting for the appetizer, they brought out this wonderful soft fresh bread and garlic in olive oil. YUM. It was so tasty! The chunks of raw garlic are a bit spicy so we added a little cheese and some more olive oil and it was perfect. The appetizer came pretty quick. Perfectly cooked portabello mushrooms layered with cheese and surrounded by marinara sauce. I can't even begin to describe it. The only thing I could think was "I have to bring my mother here!" I only say that when I've come a cross a truly amazing vegetarian dish because we've dragged her to so many BBQ places and steak houses over the years. She really is a good sport for being the only vegetarian in the family! Plates cleared, a little wine sipped. It was so nice and relaxing. Dinner came and Oh my goodness!! The gnocchi gratinati was baked in a dish with some meaty bolognese sauce and tons of cheese on top. I hate it when baked things are way to saucy. This was the perfect amount of sauce and cheese to compliment the fluffy gnocchi. I will admit it... I'm a sucker for those little potato dumplings... I could eat gnocchi every day! The pappardelli arrabiatta don gamberiwas amazing. You could tell that the pasta noodles were freshly made. And the spicy arrabiatta sauce was the perfect compliment. The shrimp were cooked just right and the veggies gave it a little texture. I loved this dish. There was so much food that I had to take it all home!  I was eyeing the dessert menu but settled on just an espresso to sober me up a bit... Did I mention it was right by the brown line? Next time I need to remember that!  Frendly staff... check. Byob... check. Close to transportation... check. Delicious food... check. I think we have a winner!
