We were driving by and looking for a place to eat lunch on Saturday. Luckily (in this case) our original choice was closed for lunch (which we should have checked first, but whatever) so we ended up discovering 90 Miles Cuban Cafe!!! Ole!!! We drove past and thought what a cute and bright place, lets check it out! Its very deceiving, as there is a whole tented patio room in the back which is very cool, and provides such a nice and laid back setting. I bet this place is fantastic in the summer, with the outdoor seating in front of the restaurant. We wanted to have as much variety as possible so after we heard about all their specials, we chose to try the following items (be warned, we ordered a lot, but we did have leftovers!) Guanabana tropical shake - weird choice since they had some many options! We wanted to try something new and it was not great. It was not sweet and I thought a bit bland for a tropical drink. Note: they only have whole or 2% milk. Croquetas - mozzarella cheese sticks, but with ham and a softer, non string cheese. Tasted great...they were deep fried off course! Tamal - kinda like a Mexican tamale, but softer and mushier, and the meat was mixed in I think if there was any in there, not stuffed like what we are used to - it was ok Choripan - Mexican bruschetta anyone? Sliced toasted french bread with crispy chorizo sausage, grilled onions and peppers...by far the best thing we had! Tostone Rellenos - Fried plantains, shaped like mini bowls filled with a red sauce with vegetables and shrimp. It sounded great, but I thought the taste was lacking... Bistec Sandwhich - French bread filled with steak, thin, french fried potato sticks and tomato and lettuce. Served with fried plantains. This was tasty and we ended up bringing most of it home, where I off course kicked up a notch when we had it for dinner. Cheese, avocado, pickles and pineapple salsa...now we are talking! We liked it here. We liked that it was BYOB and that they have many menu choices. We liked drinking our water out of mason jars and that most people here were of Latin decent. You know that says something! Good stuff.
