Treat me well and I'll come back. Treat me bad and I'll yelp on you! Find somewhere else to stay. At check-in, I was lucky enough to be helped by an arrogant, entitled gentleman who didn't find it worthy of his time to share with me how I could find my room, where the pool was or even how to access the elevators. I couldn't even get the jerk to smile. I didn't think much of it until I was checking out (more on that later) and heard another staff member graciously and cheerfully speak to patrons. Now, I have a lot of respect for housekeeping staff. They undoubtedly work very hard... but what I did not appreciate was 1) how late the rooms would be cleaned. I got back to my room at 4pm once and it was still in the state that I left it in 2) when I would leave my room in the mornings, how my housekeeper would ask me if I wanted my room cleaned. When I answered yes, she had to make sure I was certain of my decision and would then be disappointed. What the hell?! I get that it would be nice to have one less room to clean, but isn't that your job? 3) noisy and inconsiderate staff. Because the walls are paper thin at this hotel, I could hear EVERYTHING going on in the next room.... including the HUGE fuss the staff made about the room next door... at 7:30AM!!!!!!! Apparently, when my neighbors checked out of their room, they left behind quite a bit of broken glass and furniture. The staff cleaning up IN the room thought it appropriate to YELL OUT to other team members down the hall to come see the wreckage. I could distinctly hear the chatter, the furniture being moved around and even the noise coming from their walkie-talkies.... all at such an ungodly hour. Unforgivable. Plumbing was a nightmare. Not only was the flow from the shower head poor, but, if a housekeeper was cleaning next door and turned on the water there, my water pressure got even lower!!!! Did I mention that the bathroom is tiny?! Don't rock back and forth as you brush your teeth - you might just fall into the toilet! So here's my biggest gripe....an hour before check-out, I review my invoice and there's clearly an erroneous charge. I never dined in the hotel's restaurant. I try reaching the front desk SIX TIMES and no answer. I ask concierge to connect me and still no answer. Finally, 15 minutes later, I try again and get a live person on the phone. I explain that I never dined at the restaurant. No problem, he says, he'll remove the charge. Says I need to come down to pick up a new invoice. I gather my belongings, head downstairs. A new staff member prints out my invoice and the charge is still there. I contest it and make reference to my call earlier. This dude says that there's nothing that can be done. In fact, because I didn't get the name of the person who said he'd waive it, I'm stuck. The charge needs to be "investigated". So hold on... I just spent over $900 staying at your hotel and you're gonna squabble with me for $17?! Of course, I asked to speak to the manager. So Ms. Rasha comes out and says I should go home. If the charge isn't legit, she'll credit my account. I tell her that's not going to fly with me. This is my company card and each charge needs to be substantiated. I know I didn't dine at the restaurant in the hotel. IN FACT, I wasn't even at the hotel at 9:30pm last night. So she tells me, that 9:30pm must have been when the charge posted, I must have eaten there earlier and just simply forgot. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!? I tell her no, I haven't dined at their restaurant PERIOD. She offers to go through last night's receipts and get this, if the name on the receipt matches mine, I have to pay for the dinner. Why would I try to get out of a $17 charge if I had actually authorized it?! She says to come back after 30 minutes. I go back after 45 minutes, and a new staff member tells me she's still looking through receipts. Fine. I go make myself useful and come back 25 minutes later. The new staff member goes into Rasha's office, comes out, and prints me a new invoice without the charge. No explanation. No apology. Nothing. I asked her what happened and she says "The manager removed the charge. It was posted to the wrong room."  Does the manager not know anything about customer service? Does she not have the human decency to come out and tell me this in person after she had me wait over an hour? I ask her to call out Rasha and the latter comes out with an indignant look on her face. I tell her that I'm appalled by her customer service and thank her for inconveniencing me. Her reply? "You're welcome".
