What?! 3 stars? For Frontera?? You do realize that this is Rick Bayless' restaurant. You might remember him from winning Top Chef Masters? Do you see all of the 4 & 5 star reviews? 3 stars? Are you crazy? No, I am not crazy. But here are a few things: -I admit to not having the sophisticated tastes of a food critic -Nor do I have an unlimited budget -I loved XOCO, so it's not like I'm a Bayless hater. But I swore an oath when I started Yelping that I would always keep it real. No matter how unpopular that may be. You will wait. Sorry folks. Don't take away stars or be all sour puss about your experience because you had to wait. My friend and I ended up waiting for an hour (originally told 1 1/2-2 hours) and we had a few drinks at the bar and got acquainted with some guacamole and queso. Were we shocked that we had to wait? No. It comes with the territory. So get over it. Drinks were good. I was a little envious of my friend as she ordered the fancy shmancy Topolo marg that comes in a dainty margarita glass. I went with the standard gold marg and that was unceremoniously poured from a pre-made mix behind the bar. That was disappointing. I should've just brought my own Jose Cuervo mix from Jewel and saved myself a few extra bucks. Guac was good. No real heat, but it was scarfed down in between bits of conversation. The queso was thick and gooey, served with warm corn tortillas for dipping. We both admitted that we are not corn tortilla fans, but these were little soft pillows of perfection for cheesy goodness to rest on. After we were halfway through the 2nd drink, our buzzer went off and we shrieked with delight and closed out the tab. Our server seemed a little frazzled. We're pretty witty gals and kept trying to engage him in banter. He wasn't having it. Ok, ok, I guess you have a job to do. We ordered the flank steak and the Poc Chuc de Puerco (pork shoulder). The pork was seasoned really well and the black bean soup had some nice heat/seasoning to it. We ate. It was good. We enjoyed our meal. But I couldn't help but feel underwhelmed. Granted, there is a lot of hype surrounding this place, so you walk in expecting to be wowed and I just wasn't. Maybe high-end Mexican food isn't my cup of tea, but for the cost of what you're getting, I felt disappointed. The restaurant is gorgeous and hundreds of positive Yelp reviews speak volumes. My recommendation? Lower your expectations and set some extra cash aside if you want to enjoy Frontera.
