Let me tell you about a small, unassuming building in the Lincoln Park neighborhood of Chicago, IL. An incognito dark grey facade that casually juts out a few feet further than it's neighboring buildings is all that this building offers. There is no signage, no lights, and no indicator about the activities carried on within. Nothing to suggest to you that you are at the site of the number one restaurant in North America. Once you pull open the plain doors of 1723 N. Halsted, you walk into a dark hallway with cascading walls and soothing red light. The hallway abruptly halts to a dead end and right before your mind tells you that you did something wrong, an automatic sliding, stainless-steel door (I swear they imported it from the Starship Enterprise) opens to your left and you are immediately greeted by a staff member who soothingly coos, "Welcome to Alinea." My excitement for this restaurant runs deep. I have had the cookbook for ages and I constantly admire it for the expert photography and the insightful details that Grant Achatz shares about the establishment and his thought process behind the food. I have read many reviews and articles published about Achatz and Alinea too. My level of expectation when I finally got to sit down in the restaurant was brutally high. I kept thinking to myself, "It's okay if it disappoints a little, my expectations are just too lofty." I'll spare you the details of the dishes. We had 18 courses with wine pairings so it'd take way too many words. The menu changes regularly too so my banter about it would just be outdated within a few months. But I'll assure you this: the dishes are as gorgeous to look at as they are delicious. Chef Achatz' command of flavor, texture, sight, and surprise is unsurpassed and the many articles I've read comparing a dinner at Alinea to a performance at the theater are not exaggerated. The final dessert course is something a lot of people often write about. We had the privilege of having Chef Achatz do the plating himself and that topped off a night that many of us would probably never forget. The experience at Alinea is almost just as important as the food that goes along with it. My advice is to leave your fears about the bill outside of the plain grey facade of the restaurant and enjoy yourself without hindrance. Because after you step through that sliding stainless-steel door, that will be the last plain thing you experience for the rest of the night.
