First visit last summer was seriously disappointing. Food was expensive and mediocre. Friend talked us into trying it again.... We agreed. (After all, they must do something right to still be open, egh?) Arrived on a Thurs - shortly after a downpour. The beautiful garden was open and they were seating patrons. Unfortunately the tables and chairs were still sopping wet and despite the request for many napkins to sit on 2 of the 4 of us left with soaking wet butts. (seriously irritating and NOT sexy.) The garden seating is no doubt beautiful and quite enjoyable on a less wet night. This must be the main draw as this place is still open and taking hard earned money from folks like us. The food was, as in the first visit, mediocre. The ingredients and the menu were interesting, and if executed well - would be a great treat. But...the execution was lacking. The worst part of the whole experience was the absolutely terrible service. We waited too long for our cocktails and then one didn't arrive and it was another 5 - 10 minutes for the 4th cocktail to arrive. After our orders were placed our waiter was not to be seen.  The food was delivered, but no waiter to ask, is everything OK? (and it wasn't) After our drinks were empty for some time we finally caved and asked the bus boys to see about getting our waiter. The second drinks were empty and the food nearly finished, and again, no waiter.... Seriously? Where the heck did he go? As if after taking the food order, he was no longer needed? I felt as if I was inconveniencing him by requesting another drink and then the check. Uhm if it wouldn't be too much trouble could someone find our waiter so we can pay and get the heck OUT OF HERE? Absolutely the worst service I've received in a 'better' restaurant in a long long time.  Can't figure it out. How do they stay in business? Don't let your friends talk you into going here. You'll be disappointed and wishing you picked something else. Husband says - there are some 355 other better places to eat in this city...
