Be ye hereby advised that, at Tru, YOU also, and not only the food, are in the spotlight!A friend came through town and invited me along to Tru, where he had previously dined. He promised me that this would be an ultimate experience. He was right.The dinner price was $140 -- apiece -- wine extra -- tab was $210 apiece, incl tax and tip.It was like being part of a play. We were first motioned to a table. When we got there, two separate waiters stepped over and each helped us with the chair.Whenever we were served, which was quite often, two separate servers came, each taking care of one of us. They set everything in front of us in exactly the same way at the same time but from different angles. They would swoop in from completely separate directions to refill our water, etc. at exactly the same time. If you tended towards the paranoid, it felt like you were in Hitchcock's The Birds.If you needed to go powder your nose, when you got back your old napkin was gone; a new, folded one was there and all your place crumbs had been brushed away. I think if you had needed to blow your nose, they would have rushed over to supply you with a fresh handkerchief for each nostril.There were about 20 servings. Each was basically a bite (maybe 3-4 if you stretched it) and it came on a HUGE platter. The platters were all of different and ingenious shapes -- triangle, rhombus, huge seashell, etc. There was a little speech for each serving, telling what it was and how prepared.Periodically they brought cheese, antipasto and dessert carts. There was a little speech about each of the cheeses. We had some of each. The dessert cart carried all kinds of hand-dipped chocolates plus homemade lollipops of exotic flavor. The lollipops came on little wooden rods and were stuck sideways to the sticks as though lain flat on a cookie sheet with the sticks set on top of each while the little globs cooled. The globs were flat and each about 1/3 of an inch wide. The little things looked quite cute, as though a child had made them, which I'm sure was intended as an element of their charm.I must admit, I came close to laughing several times because the high-end hospitality display was SO extreme and SO ultra-formal and SO choreographed that it was honestly a little odd.You felt you just HAD to be on stage somehow. There MUST have been an audience watching. This was all too theatrical.At one point, I felt hot, after so much listening and sampling, and I took off my jacket. The female server rushed over and said, Please, sir, we ask that jackets be kept on in the dining room. and I put it back on. I didn't check to see if I had received a demerit slip or had been cited for a moving violation.The last, largest serving was a TINY quail breast, served on risotto with a plum jus. When the waitress said, and freshened with a plum jus her tone was so reverent I feared I'd have to laugh. This was clearly a religious moment but I was only a visitor in this church. I almost can't believe that these people don't go behind closed doors and absolutely HOWL at all they are doing and at the reactions of the more unsuspecting guests, such as me.By the end, I was worn out!We tipped well because this was clearly a service-intensive total-concept experience product. We were tipping five or six people, really.As we left (at 11:30 PM -- we had been there 5 hours), the staff all huddled about us and fussed over us, getting our coats onto us and giving us special warm cookies for the road. They patted us here and there like fond relatives and flapped about like so many dazzled birds, so honored and privileged to have had us.I didn't know whether I had been to a restaurant or a spa.Outside, a doorman put my friend into Tru's own waiting limo and took him to his hotel, the Four Seasons. He wasn't far. For me, they hailed a cab and for all I know saluted the cabdriver in some special gallant way and sprayed him with a late-night freshener spritz as I was walking around the back to get in.The whole thing was unbelievable. I hadn't heard anything about Tru before I went. I was unprepared.I once had a girlfriend who was a gourmet cooking instructor and who had studied at Cordon Bleu. When she cooked, it was a major ceremonial ritual every time. Candied rose petals, special mustards that came in tubes, unusual knives and special steaming baskets for her dim sum were all common.She is one person I know who would enjoy every second at Tru for what it was fully intended to be -- the highest-end cheffery you could find in a public restaurant anywhere.I was more of a visitor to this fascinating realm -- especially at those prices -- than a devotee who will frequently return.But if you are jaded on fine dining and feel there is nothing fundamentally new left to be experienced, make a reservation immediately. Superb cuisine and incredible attention await.
