Quite honestly, I didn't really expect to be giving this place 5 stars after our first impression.  1) The front drop off is very poorly designed. You'd think the cabbies would get the hang of it since they probably drop people off all the time, but the valets/parking director guys had to constantly redirect people who pulled in the wrong way. I'm sure this gets very frustrating for them...in fact it's quite obvious it does, because the valets tend to yell at everyone who drives in. Hopefully not at guests pulling in, but I only experienced it with the two or three cab rides we took back to the hotel. 2) The girl who checked us in was pretty rude.  3) It WAS pretty obvious upon entering our room that it had been remodeled from a significantly crappier room...the popcorn ceiling was still there. Also there wasn't a lot of room for storage. 4) $52/night parking?!?! But after that initial impression, things were looking up.  1) I loved the "Good Morning/Good Afternoon/Good Evening" mats they diligently changed out in the elevators every day.  2) I loved the view and location.  3) I loved the gym (and the view from the gym!) And the apples. 4) I loved the stealhy ninja cleaning ladies who managed to find windows to get our room nice and tidy even if we were only gone for like 30 minutes.  5) I loved the Bliss bath products 6) I ESPECIALLY loved the concierge who helped us when we had a medical emergency late Sunday night. I never did get his name but he had longish curly hair and made it a priority to ensure that we were taken care of. He got us in touch with medical staff on call, and when even they couldn't help us, he called around to get us an emergency appointment first thing the next morning. He was a lifesaver!!! Yes, it got a little crowded and loud in the lobby/bar/restaurant in the evenings, but it didn't bother us at all. I was bummed that I don't get SPG points if I book through Priceline, but I got a waaaaay better rate that way so I guess it worked out. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.
