Mastro's is the new kid in town. Previously, I'd been to the ones in Scottsdale and LA, so I was anxious to see how the Chicago one would compare as I wasn't keen on either of them enough to go back. Opening up a location in Chicago takes a lot of chutzpah as we certainly have no shortage of great steakhouses. Mastro's has a lot to live up to; the bar for steak in this town is set quite high. I made the reservation weeks ago and mentioned that we were celebrating a special occasion, but I didn't really expect anything extra. They called to confirm my reservation and were so gracious about it. The tone for the rest of the evening was set. We arrived a bit early for our reservation as we wanted to have drinks at the bar before we headed to our table. The front desk greeted us warmly and told us to just let them know when we would like to be seated. We made our way to the bar and found seats on the corner. The bar is very modern and dark and the liquor bottles are displayed in a very dramatic fashion with lots of colored lighting. It was quite a sight to behold. The bartender welcomed us and gave us wine and cocktail lists, both of which are very extensive. We decided we would enjoy wine later with our dinner, so we opted to start with cocktails instead. I had a hard time deciding as they all sounded well-crafted and delicious, and with average prices of $16-$18, you'd hope they'd justify the price. I started with a cocktail called the "Spa Cooler", which was a crisp, refreshing concoction of Hendrick's gin, cucumber, and lime, and my bf got an Elderflower martini. St Germain (the current "it" liqueur), was naturally featured prominently in his cocktail. Both cocktails were delicious, but I bristled a bit at paying $15 for each drink, especially as mine didn't come with any leftovers from the shaker. We settled our bar tab and were shown to our table in the dining room, which was as equally visually stunning as the bar. The room was quite crowded, but the floor-to-ceiling drapes provided a nice foil to the loudness; we never felt like we had to shout above the din at each other. Immediately upon being seated, our white napkins were replaced with black ones, which I love, and is nice to see more restaurants providing that much-needed detail. Almost just as immediately, our server, Griff, arrived with menus and complimentary glasses of champagne for us to toast our special occasion. Boom - instant love for Mastro's right there, folks. We started with East coast oysters, which although did not come with mignonette sauce, did come with freshly-grated horseradish, lemon wedges, and two different kinds of Tabasco. We didn't miss the mignonette at all. Now it was time to select our main courses, and you can't properly judge a steakhouse without having steak, so I selected a 12 oz. filet and my bf went with the KC strip. Selecting sides was going to be more difficult, as there is a dizzying array to choose from. We joked that we could just make a meal of their sides and dine tapas-style. My bf wanted to get a baked potato but luckily I was able to talk him out of that and get something we couldn't get at EVERY STEAKHOUSE ON THE PLANET and instead go for the lobster mashed potatoes. To that we also ordered onion rings, creamed spinach, and sauteed mushrooms. Griff graciously offered to make the sides half portions which was nice since otherwise we'd have entirely too much food. Our steaks and sides arrived and the steaks are served on scorching-hot plates. I cut into mine and it was a perfect medium-rare, but sadly, I knew it was going to continue to cook while it was sitting on that hot plate. The steak had a nice char and great flavor, which is not easy with a bland cut like a filet. My bf also loved his KC strip. The sides were absolutely stellar, especially the decadent and lush lobster mashed potatoes, which had huge pieces of lobster meat (and were actually more lobster than potatoes) and for $18 for a half-portion, they definitely justified the cost. I was a bit let down by the mushrooms as they contained huge pieces of red pepper and onion and I was expecting it to be all mushroom, all the time. The other sides, creamed spinach and onion rings were as good as any you'd find in any other high-end steakhouse. Even though we indulged way too much, dessert could not be helped. Again, they have a huge variety of choices, but we knew we had to try their signature butter cake - described as a rich pound cake with cream cheese baked into it, and served with raspberry puree, whipped cream and ice cream. To that we also ordered chocolate covered strawberries. I didn't love the cake as I found it to be somewhat dry and almost the consistency of cornbread, but the strawberries more than made up for it. From start to finish, Mastro's was a great experience and we'll most certainly go back for another special occasion or to dine tapas-style on the sides.
