My friend and I have been itching to come here for a few months already. This past Saturday the wait came to an end. We gathered up our friends, our wine, (BYOB) our appetites, and headed to 90 Miles. Originally we tried making it to the location on Clybourn but we were told that they were not taking anymore reservations that evening. So we ended up going to this location knowing that we would probably wait 3 hours to be seated. To my surprise, we only had to wait 15 minutes or so. Ok lets get moving because this review has a climax ending. Gulp! So let's begin with the appetizers. We ordered the stuffed tostones, and the croquetas. They were very tasty and kept us anxious for what was coming. I ordered the ropa vieja, my one friend ordered the lechon, and my other friend ordered a rib stew-esque dish that looked like something my grandma often makes. My wife ordered a veggi jibarito which was AMAZING. The lechon was my favorite by far. Then we ended the night with a snickers empanada, bread pudding, and like 3 different types of Flans. Our waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable which was a huge plus! There is nothing like a slow, and dumb waiter/waitress that doesn't know how to answer questions. While the food was very good, the atmosphere was not. We were seated in front of this huge TV that was playing a foreign movie and the noise level in the restaurant was out of control. I just loathe being in a restaurant that has TV's inside. It makes me feel like I am at an Old Country Buffet. It really takes away from that pleasurable dinning experience where you engage in conversation with the people you visit with. In addition to the obnoxious TV, the tacky birthday celebrations just remind me of being in a Red Lobster or Chili's. Then to add insult to injury, someone decides that the best place for a unisex single restroom is in the middle of the kitchen where all the bus boys and staff are walking around. I mean REALLY, who puts a restroom in the middle of the kitchen?!?!?! This was by far the worst part of this experience. Ready for the climax of the story!? Ok, so we pay our bill, and we make our way to the door feeling full and tired. There we are walking out of the restaurant admiring the evening when all of a sudden some dummy decides that he or she is going to scare the living crap out of everyone who exits this restaurant by putting a zombie in the window of their living room!!! I jumped and yelled like a little girl when I looked up and saw this zombie just staring at me from this window. Needless to say I almost soiled my underwear and completely lost any tiredness I was feeling. So to sum it all up - food was good, BYOB is always good, staff was friendly and knowledgeable. But the restroom sucked, it was way too noisey, the TV HAS to go, and the water that was in the jars of the table decor has to be changed daily. p.s. - Halloween isn't until October you horrible homeowner!!
