i've got a mouthful to say about this place, so put your listening hats on... i'd been looking forward to coming to the publican for months; a great beer list and a schmancy meat-based menu seemed right up my alley. i scheduled a thursday night reservation for two and took my mans to celebrate our anniversary. we arrived at 7 and were seated promptly. we were placed at one of the long, communal tables which would have been ok had the seats not been crammed so close together. you are literally arm to arm with the persons to your left and right. there's no room to spread out, to push used plates when you're through, or even to set the menus down when you're finished looking. here-in lies problem one and the lead in to problem two, the volume. it was DEAFENINGLY loud inside. the majority of the evening's conversation went something like this: me: do you want to share a gueze? him: do i jaunt to syracuse?!? me: a GUEZE! him: your shoes? me: what? him: huh? me: never mind after a few attempted conversations, we decided to sit in silence for the rest of our meal (sans occasionally shouting at the waitress). i should also point out that i am not typically bothered by noise. i don't mind shouting in a bar, but i don't want to scream an entire conversation in what i consider to be a fine dining establishment. problem number three: the menu. i have NO complaints about the food. everything we tried was delicious, from the pickled mackerel to the beet and ricotta salad to the pork shoulder. the food was easily 5-stars in my mind. the menu, however, was a grand failure in terms of information architecture. the dishes are split into four categories: fish, ham, meat, and vegetables. apparently you are supposed to infer that things closer to the top in each category are smaller portions and things closer to the bottom are larger. you are also supposed to know that all food is served family style. once everything was explained (only after asking) we were good to order. initially our server ignored us, assuming we were part of a larger party (due to the communal seating i'm sure). we sat beverageless for a good 15-20 minutes before she noticed we were there. she did, however, buy us a round in the end to make up for the delay. there were just too many things lacking for me in the publican. the food is the saving grace, but the environment is so unenjoyable i don't think i'll be coming back.
