My friend Leon and I had a late lunch today at Irazu. Thanks to the beautiful election day weather, we were able to sit outdoors in the patio. While it's very nice to be outdoors, I wasn't crazy about this patio. Not because of anything the restaurant did, but because the Blue Line El tracks are across the street. When a train passes, it's so loud, you really can't hear the other person talk. And when there are two trains, you can forget conversation entirely. So, while I really appreciate the 70 degree weather and the nice breeze, this is a very noisy patio, and I would probably avoid it in the future. We were the only people at the patio, and we got service very quickly. I don't think we'd been sitting for 60 seconds before we got water, chips, and two kinds of salsa. ButI've been jonesing for guacamole something fierce, and I starved myself in preparation for this lunch, I ordered guacamole. You can get regular or spicy, so I went for the spicy. Spicy means there are chopped chilies at the side of the mound of guac, which comes with tomatoes. I thought the guac was kind of thin, almost watery, and didn't have much flavor. Adding the chilis definitely perked it up, but it still seemed kind of thin. Leon and I are both vegetarians. I ordered the vegetarian burritos, and did not get the extras added (mushrooms, zucchini,or something else), which cost extra. I thought the veggie burrito was outstanding, very tasty, warm, and fresh. I did add some of the red salsa, but just because I like a kick of extra flavor. Leon ordered the veggie sandwich, and he loved it. It had black beans, lettuce, avocado, tomatoes, and I don't know what else. I might try that next time. Leon also ordered a shake, which is made in the Costa Rican style. It was oatmeal with mango, the special of the day. I took a spoonful, and boy was it good. I never imagined you could make a shake with oatmeal. I could definitely taste it, and I liked it. That was the only taste I got - I think Leon would have slapped my hand, if I'd tried to take more. I finished with a cup of regular coffee. It took about two minutes to get it after I asked for it. The prices here are very reasonable, and the food was very good. Again, I wasn't nuts about the guacamole, but hey, everything else was really good. I'll be back.
