Mmm, mm, mmm! I have heard so many good things about Coast & let me tell you, they weren't lying. The sushi is fresh, the appetizers are just enough food to get a taste, and the desserts are to die for. The waitstaff is so, so helpful & is happy to help you make decisions based on what you like & are in the mood for. Coast was great from the food to the accommodating hosts & waitstaff. I was on time for the reservation, but the rest of the party was about 15 minutes late. After experiencing so many "you're entire party isn't here, so we'll have to give up your reservation", I was really nervous. I asked the host if this was going to be an issue & he told me not at all. Phew! Once the rest of my party arrived, we had many appetizers, such as the spicy crab cakes, the fresh salmon spring rolls, and the scallops. The salmon spring rolls were not at all what I was thinking (think Thai-style with tofu), but they were absolutely amazing. It was more like a piece of salmon wrapped inside a wonton wrapper. The salmon was so tasty that I was not disappointed whatsoever. I had the spider roll, which was fabulous. Very tasty & very filling. I tried to fresh Philly roll, which was yummy as well. Anything with avocado in it is a-ok with me. Speaking of avocado, these were the first rolls that I could actually taste the avocado & it was absolutely divine. The salmon teriyaki is out of this world as well. Geez, I don't think you can go wrong here. Honestly. Plus it's BYOB (kinda pricey, $5.00 per person who is drinking if you don't spend a total of $20.00 per person)! The desserts were unbelievable. I tried a chocolate mousse cake with chocolate covered strawberries. I don't even like chocolate that much, but damn I couldn't get enough. We then also had a dessert sampler with three different desserts. They were good, but the banana's wrapped in a wonton wrapper were..I don't even know an appropriate word for them. Heavenly? Scrumptious? Undeniable? Who knows, but you gotta try it. Coast was delicious, romantic, and somewhere where I'll definitely be seen again!
