For those yelpers that like to skim like me, I'll take out the reading part and just give you the highlights upfront: decent priced food, great patio seating, ceviche made without shellfish, BYOB with a super cute wine/beer store across the street, easy street parking. Only downfall is that I never have enough room for their infamous oatmeal shakes. For the real review.... Somehow this place gets better every time. Only draw back is that too many people know about it and there is usually a wait. But, there is a lot more extra seating in the warm months when they can open their patio.  My mom somehow read about this place and told me to try it a couple years ago. Went with a couple of friends year or so back and liked the food. We were all too full to try the oatmeal shake, so I kept Irazu on the radar to go back. Time passes, and I actually tried to go twice this winter but the wait was an hour and I was starving, so we had to venture elsewhere. Went last week , and this last experience was pure joy. Maybe it was the nice weather. Maybe it was the tasty Costa Rican beer I was drinking. Or maybe it felt like the perfect way to start a four day weekend. Regardless, it was great, and I feel like I've told every single person I talked to since last week that they should go there. Walk up and there was a wait, but it was a gorgeous spring evening so it wasn't that bad. It was sorta a last minute decision for our dinner spot, so we had no liquor, and were directed across the street to Red and White Wines (awesome place, check it out!). Picked up a six pack of Costa Rican beer and we were able to open them up while we waited. We were seated and had a bit of a hard time reading the menu, as it was pretty dimly lit on the patio. But I immediately noticed ceviche made with white fish and knew we had to order it (BF is allergic to shellfish so ceviche is usually out for us). Bus boy came and brought us water and took our appetizer order (yay for quick service!). Out comes DELICIOUS ceviche with some chopped tomatoes and minced jalapenos on top with saltines. I'm not a ceviche connoisseur, but this stuff was great. Service was perfectly timed - the app was removed, we were able to enjoy the rest of our beers, and the entrees came out. I ordered a vegetarian burrito with grilled zucchini - I can never turn down zucchini and the BF ordered some roasted chicken platter that is new to the menu. Both were sooo good and we overstuffed ourselves. I almost wished we hadn't been drinking our tasty beer so my stomach had more room in it. Sadly, I had to leave another time without trying the oatmeal shake. But I will definitely be back. Probably with one of the many friends that I've been convincing have to give this place a try. Lastly, street parking is plentiful so even if you don't live close, you can easily get here. Also right off the blue line western stop for those of you like me who are car-less.
