The more I eat here the more I appreciate it. Seriously simple. Subtly delicious. When my hubby and I started going here when they first opened, he was unimpressed and although I appreciated the food, I hated the waiting and the items named only in Italian. Now that they accept reservations, have doubled their table space including outdoor seating and I've adjusted to remembering what's in the special pizzas when the waiter/waitress explains them, I literally crave eating here about every couple of months. If you don't want to wait, make a reservation well-ahead for the weekend, otherwise walk right in on a weeknight or during lunch time.  I tend to order the red sauce pizzas with some combination of buffalo mozzarella, arugula, basil or sausage after starting with a simple insalata mista (greens, tomatoes, olives, balsamic & olive oil) and a glass of red wine. The last time we went, I ordered a special white pizza (no sauce) with smoked mozzarella, basil and smoked prosciutto which was phenomenal!  What I have realized over time is that what makes these pizzas so good is the simple flavors, the salty mozzarella and the perfectly chewy and charred dough. The slices will not stand stiff but they shouldn't. Enjoy the salty moisture from the mozzarella. Enjoy the slightly burned edges of the light crust. Don't expect anything to beat you over the head here. The ingredients are of high quality and you will get exactly what you order. Go here for the freshly oven baked Neopolitan pizzas for exactly what they should be and you will not be disappointed. I don't know how some reviewers said they left hungry because if you order your own pizza, trust me, eating a whole one is plenty filling, especially if you order one starter and a drink. I can eat so I should know! Their dessert drinks include sambuca and ports and desserts range from very good tiramisu to delicious panna cotta topped with shaved pear and balsamic vinegar.  My only complaint is the chairs--I think they are a bit too stiff in the back and they have no cushion. Other than that, this place is a simple, fresh, consistent and tasty neighborhood gem.
