I've wavered back an forth on this review for awhile - for me Little Bucharest is between three and four stars. I finally settled on three; I'd definitely go back to Little Bucharest, but I have some definite hesitations. I first went to LBB a few months ago for dinner with a girlfriend. (Free) parking was a snap, which is always awesome. This was a weeknight so the restaurant was fairly empty and quiet. We started with the eggplant spread which is absolutely delicious - I highly recommend. For a main I had the chicken schnitzel even though I realize it's not Romanian. The spaetzle that is served with it was awesome, but the schnitzel itself was pretty pedestrian. I thought that at $18 the dish was overpriced. We also tried a dessert (can't remember which, helpful, I know) that my friend and I agreed was great. Overall we were both of the same opinion that our appetizers and dessert were far more impressive than our main dishes. We had some sort of Groupon, but even with that I thought the meal expensive. Flash forward to a recent Friday night and a large group of my friends and I find ourselves at LBB for dinner. Parking was again easy but there were far more patrons and the owner (he of the shot in the mouth pouring fame) was there. We started with the mititei sausages (meh - very skippable) and saganaki (great, but when is it not?). I also ordered a caipirinha cocktail which was delicious. The owner stopped by my table to ask how the drink was and then tasted my drink (using a different straw) to be sure he put alcohol in it (he had). He then asked if I wanted more booze in it. Um...yes? So far so good! For a main this time I ordered the veal paprikash. This was immeasurably better than the schnitzel. I would return to LBB for this dish alone. I will say, though, that at the end of this meal (again with coupons) I still felt LBB was a little overpriced.  Then came the time for after dinner shots. The owner came around pouring shots in people's mouths. In theory, awesome. In practice...uncomfortable. As he was pouring he was making sexual jokes with all of us and was being very hands on. I don't love strangers touching me and I just found the whole exchange unpleasant. Lest you all think I'm some kind of up tight prude, note my review for burlesque lessons. I'm all for fun, but this was just kind of icky. It also set me on edge - I was actively looking over my shoulder waiting for him to reappear (he did - and was able to physically push my chair from my table before I was able to tell him I had to drive and didn't want to drink anymore).  I think my friends actually really enjoyed the owner so this is definitely a your mileage may vary, personal preference sort of thing. Overall, LBB has good food (and great veal) but the price point is high (hence the constant coupons/deals) and the owner may not be to everyone's taste.
