My parents came into town and we were deciding where we wanted to go to dinner. We drove by Fogo and my dad saw the meats from the car and he was like there- that is what we are doing for dinner! We didn't have a reservation and we were worried that they didn't have a table. But it was early on a weekday, so we got right in. My mom loves sparkling water and they had it for her and the brand that she loved as well. We didn't know what we wanted to drink and the server helped us pick a really good merlot to go with the meats. Also, I was wearing a light cream colored suit and they took a tablecloth to cover my suit jacket that I had hung on the back of my chair, so if anything fell, it would not ruin my suit jacket! So thoughtful! The salad bar was good, nothing too special about it. I tried not to eat too much, but everything was so fresh and all I wanted to do was eat more! I am also obsessed with the cheesy bread... I ate like 3 of them and my mom had to take them away from me otherwise I would have eaten the whole basket. We got to sample a little of everything and it was so good! It was so flavorful and they made sure we got the cut of meat we wanted with the right temperature! My dad thought it was a bit bland so he put a bit more salt on it, no biggie. The manager came over to make sure everything was good. He even asked us if there was anything that we wanted to try again and he would send the guy over with the cut of meat we wanted. My dad wanted the lamb chop and my mother and I wanted the garlic one. Both were sent over right away. Amazing! And of course, we didn't have room for dessert, but having a sweet tooth, I convinced my mom to share a dessert with me. It was chocolate heaven. My father on the other hand, asked for the plantains (the ones that were served with the meal) to be his dessert and they gladly brought him one as well. Service- amazing, food- amazing, price- not so amazing... but my parents were in town and treating me as a poor student. I would go again, but most likely for a special date or when my parents come back in town so they will pay.... lol. Its a bit expensive on a student budget, but worth it.
