This was one of the reasons the boyfriend and I opted for our Chicago visit. We've been wanting to try Frontera for quite a long time now, and now that we have friends living in Chicago, it seemed as the perfect excuse! I ordred the enchilda de mole poblano and sopa azteca. The boyfriend ordered enichilda de chivo. Our friends ordered tacos al carbon, one with the pineapple pork, the other with the portabello mushrooms. We also ordered a side of guacamole and chips. The chips came out with 2 additional salas, one of which was a triple chili salsa that I fell in LOVE with immediately. I couldn't stop eating it, and may have been in danger of completely over-eating on chips alone. My soup was the first thing to come out. OMG. Seriously, this is one of the best soups I've ever had. I'm a HUGE soup lover. I could eat soup every day, and would if the boyfriend was willing to do so. Chicken tortilla soup is one of my favorite soups, and I was completely blown away by this. LOVED IT! Our meals came out and the mole was exactly as everyone else has described it. Amazing. Wonderful. Perfect. It was so good as well. I started munching on my enchilada, and while it was perfect and so good, my mind kept wondering back to the soup. I ended up pushing aside the last piece of my enchilada and returning to my, now cold, soup and scarfed it down. It was cold, but still so delicious and fabulous. Please don't think the enchilada wasn't good, it was amazing...but the soup was even more amazing in my opinion! I tried a bit of the boyfriend's enchilada de chivo and found the goat meat was definitely interesting and tasty. I'd never had goat meat before, and found it to be a cross between a chicken and lamb. It was quite yummy. I tried a bit of the pineapple pork and the portabello mushroom too and they were both wonderful as well. I'm so pleased and happy with Frontera. I'm originally from San Diego, so I'm usually really picky with my Mexican food...but this was just so fabulous and so well done. Bravo Rick Bayless...you are definitely the Top Chef Master!
