I recently stayed at the Avenue for 4 nights and I really enjoyed my stay. When I first got there I was upgraded to a suite from my regular room because my boyfriend and I were celebrating our anniversary. We had a great room 2615 which had a great view of the Chicago Skyline which I would look at as I fell asleep in our giant king size bed. The room was also on a corner so our bedroom was very bright when we had the curtains open. The room also had a lot of closet space, one in the livingroom and a walk in closet in the bedroom. I dont know what people are saying about the TV channels.... there were plenty... 50+ so either they upgraded their cable or I think 50+ channels is enough in a hotel... since you're not there to watch tv on vacation right? The only thing that might annoy people is that Northwestern University Hospital is across the street so ambulances come and go all the time with sirens on. It didnt bother me at all but I am a sound sleeper. But I also live i a big city and am use to sirens all the time. The rooftop pool was awesome. I went everyday and it was really warm... 70F or 20C. Great view from up there too. The only real issue I had was with room service. I ordered a french onion soup which was delicious and a garden salad which in the room service menu said it was with mesculn greens, tomato, cucumber and croutons. When it arrived to my dismay it was the non nutritional heart of romaine lettuce and most of the pieces were white and it did not have croutons. When I told the front desk they looked into it which I was happy about. Later she told me that room service said I got what I had asked for which I certainly did not... I know what the menu said and it did not match what arrived at my room. I was happy that the concierge took it off my bill but they did not include the 20% charge that goes on the $5.50 they took off my bill. I was not wanting to overcomplain so I am yelping you to advise you not to order the garden salad from room service. Special shout out to our housekeeper Elizabetha. She was amazing friendly and engaging. I love her, shes really doing a great job. I would stay here again for sure.
