I am so glad to see that I am not the only person that has been GIVEN THE BOOT (for no reason!!!!) from Wakamono. I went to Wakamono on my BIRTHDAY with a few friends for a casual, sakebomb/dining experience. When we arrived there was a bit of a wait which was not a problem. We told the manager that if it took more than 20 minutes, we'd go somewhere else. THIS REALLY DID US IN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! He did not like that comment at all, at which point, he began the glaring looks we'd be receiving the entire time we were there. So we wait. The bar was crowded so we waited in the front area for about 10 minutes. We were seated, our coats were checked, we were good to go...or so we thought! We brought a good amount of alcohol so they began gave us the run down on the corkage fees. We tried to negotiate with them but the waitress wouldn't budge. So we agree to pay. She takes out our beer. She takes out our sake. "Ohhhh you want to sake bomb?? "she asks. "YEAAHHHHH!!!" we all reply excitedly. "NO, you cannot sake bomb!!". We think this is weird, but we brush it off. And then... The manager came over thinking we were still going to sake bomb even though we agreed not to. We mention the corkage fees to the manager. Then he started with his rant. We were all absolutely shocked at what he had to say. "The place across the street doesn't have a corkage fee." No no it's okay. We'll eat here. "The place across the street is BYOB, maybe you should just go to the place across the street." No it's okay, we're here, we will just eat here. "NO! You leave. We will not serve you!" Seriously? Why? Because we agreed to all your rules and pay all your fees? "LEAVE, WE WILL NOT SERVE YOU HERE." And then comes the waitress with our coats shooing us out of the restaurant. We all just kind of sat there for a minute, looking at each other, absolutely stunned. Did this just really happen? What just happened? Is anyone else confused as to how we are all sober and just got kicked out of a restaurant for asking about the corkage fee???" So we regrouped and found a nearby BYO sushi (Matsuyama, no corkage fee, great sushi!!) and just got up and left (we didn't really have a choice!) I mean the guy took away our soy sauce!! So lesson learned. Although I have heard the food at Wakamono is decent, I will never go back to a restaurant that treats their customers so horribly (especially on their birthdays!!!)
