I'll break my review down into sections, so that I can rave about Geja's fantastic atmosphere and food, but also make a critical comment about the service. ATMOSPHERE: Geja's is a very romantic fondue restaurant, the kind you would see artfully constructed on a film set. Dim lighting, warm tones, textured walls, dark wood & glass, rich fabrics -- all come together to give it a sense of an old and classy Southern-Europe place. Reserve a booth, as the tables are cramped. It's a great place for a date, but I've also impressed out-of-town guests by taking them here. You don't have to dress up for this restaurant, but it's a great reason to put on a good outfit and have a classy night out. You can easily spend 2-3 hours here if you're having their full four-course dinner, so don't come here with people you can't have a conversation with. The length of the average meal is also why it's best to make reservations, as they have limited seating per night. FOOD: At roughly $50 per person, the full dinner seems just a tad pricey, but the amount is generous: starter salad, full cheese course, full meat/fish course, and chocolate dessert course. The salad is simple, with a lovely dressing. The cheese course is my favorite, with a nice kick to the cheese, and a selection of breads and apples. The main course is intense, and includes all kinds of seafood, meat, and vegetable options. They give you 10 sauces with all of that food, but I think only three or four would suffice (still, you have options). The chocolate course comes with marshmallows, cake, and fruit. It's a great selection, but the chocolate course is my least favorite, as the chocolate itself tastes cheap. Some reviewers did not like the main course, because it involved preparing your own food inside a hot oil pot, but I think that's part of the charm. You really take your time, sampling and eating a bit at a time, all the while enjoying relaxed conversation. I'm clumsy and I've never hurt myself or ruined the meal. However, I would easily recommend not having the full dinner and just having the $20 cheese & chocolate option. You will be SO full after the full dinner that you will want to just go home and pass out (so not ideal if you're picking Geja's for a date!). The cheese & chocolate option is still quite a lot of food, but not as heavy and massive as the full meal. After your first visit, if you sign up for their guest list, you will constantly get updates about deals and promotions. So if this place is so great, why am I not giving it the 5 stars that I would like? The service: SERVICE: Service here is polite and efficient, particularly the "extra" table staff. However, the servers themselves are unpleasant. Every single time I have been here (and I have been here on many occasions, bringing in different guests) my servers seem alternately bored or angry. In particular, if you do not pad your bill by ordering a lot of alcohol, they get downright surly. If you say "no" to their offer of a drink, they often get this look of resignation and yank the drink menu out of your hand. Last time I came here was the first time I opted just for the cheese & chocolate menu, and my waiter seemed to boil with a silent rage. I actually felt pressured to make up for my choice by ordering a drink, but that didn't help. He pouted and frowned for the remainder of our meal, making it very unpleasant. I understand that with the length of the meal they do not get many tip opportunities. I understand that customer gift certificates might further bring down the tab. But making their frustrations so obvious to the customers hurts the atmosphere of the restaurant and it does NOT help their cause. I tip generously for good service and experience, and don't appreciate it when a server makes an assumption based on my order. For a restaurant that is as much about atmosphere as the food, the service at Geja's deserves a critical note. Extra note on WINE: I can't say too much about the alcohol. I got wine here twice and was not too impressed with it, but it wasn't terrible. I got a sangria once, and though it was fairly decent it was tiny.
