great, great place. went there tonight with max and had a great time. we arrived at about 730 (fri) and waited apx 25 minutes for a table - pretty much what i expected. we had a couple drinks while we waited. they have a great selection of whiskey (max is into whiskey, so this made him very happy). they also had a very nice selection of draft and bottled beer. first let me say that the service was amazing. while we were waiting it was pretty crowded and all of the servers were trying to weave in and out of tables and the crowd waiting for tables. i've been to alot of places where the servers get annoyed by this. and that was not the case here. all of the servers were very kind and pleasant as they were working their way through the crowd. when we sat down, we were greeted by our wonderful server, jared (he gets 5 stars for sure). he was super helpful and so pleasant. here's the rundown of what we had: beet salad with goat cheese, candied walnuts, arugula and bacon vinaigrette - oh my goodness, great. did you see, i just typed bacon vinaigrette. definitely one of my favs. max, less so, although he still loved it. seared scallop with braised oxtail and potato gnocci - perfect. the scallops were cooked perfectly and all of the flavors were great together. we finished every last bit. kobe meatballs with polenta and pesto - so good. this was max's fav (besides our entree, which i'll get to shortly) bone marrow with red onion jam and sourdough - this was probably good for bone marrow. we had to try it since we heard a lot of good things about it. but max and i just aren't huge fans of bone marrow to begin with. so don't take my opinion on this too seriously. now for the best part - it was the special entree of the evening, and by far the best thing we had. hopefully they keep it around because i can't imagine going back and not being able to order it! it was pork tenderloin with potato risotto, artichokes in white wine, carrots and fennel, and black olive caramel sauce. it was seriously amazing. the pork was perfectly cooked and all of the elements of the dish could not have been more suited for each other. just great. we also finished with the flourless chocolate cake for dessert. this was good but not amazing. i would probably skip dessert or try something else next time. all in all, a great place. go there. for sure.
