I have to admit that I was pretty stoked about my stay here after reading all of the reviews. I'm a sucker for a great hotel. Check-in was a breeze, although I'm really not a fan of the whole "let's put your whole stay on hold on your credit card when you get here to cover incidentals" policy. That certainly isn't fun for those of us on strict budgets, although I guess that's not the typical patron at the Dana. I absolutely LOVED the mosaic behind the check in desk, and would kind of like it for my apartment, please. Thank you. My stay at the Dana (for 5 whole nights) was overall a pleasure. Todd, the bartender downstairs, took great care of us on a VERY regular basis and would whip my Hendrick's and tonic up without having to ask. God, I loved that bar. Comfortable seating, free tasty fried wontons, and Hendrick's gin. Love. Who cares if it's $10 a cocktail, right? My room was a study in form over function. The desk space was great and I used it often. The bed was comfortable, although it didn't hold a candle to the palatial heavenly beds at the Westin. My main beef was with the bathroom. As others have mentioned, the shower is all glass and opens up to your room, which is fine for those of us who travel solo. Just have to put the blinds down, and as someone who loves to live by natural light, that became a pain. The other side of the shower has NOTHING. No door, no glass, so you're just open to the bathroom, resulting in water flying everywhere. Maybe I'm just a really sloppy shower-er, but I felt really bad for housekeeping who had to deal with my sopping wet bathmat. It also led to things getting pretty drafty, which I could imagine being a serious issue come cold Chicago winter. Finally, the rain-style showerhead. I know these are all the rage, but I don't like them. As someone who doesn't wash my hair every day (but still likes to shower) it provides some difficulty. Sure, they've still got the handheld thing, but who the hell wants to use that? Plus, it added even more to the mess beyond the shower walls. It wasn't pretty. Finally, be sure not to get a room across from the elevator (rooms that end in 08 or 10). You will here the dinging all.night.long. Not to mention all the folks that chat it up while waiting for the lift to arrive. Not fun if you like extreme peace and quiet. Would I come back to the Dana? Sure, as long as work is paying or I get an insane deal. Otherwise you can find me on a friend's couch or at the Days Inn in the 'burbs.
