Wowzers! Longman & Eagle is delish! We went on Valentine's Day arriving around 6pm to an already pretty crowded restaurant. We put in our name, were told we were the next 2 they would seat and grabbed a drink. The cocktail list was really interesting (and the drink of the week, "Love is a Lie", was a delicious play on the classic Champagne Cocktail). Excellent beers on tap. Lots of whiskey. As we were enjoying our drinks we noticed a few other parties of 2 were being seated. We checked in with the host about where we were on the list now he noticed that someone else had come in and given the same name, and they had been given our table. The staff was nice enough to accommodate us and seat us at a table for four even though were were just two. Our waiter, Cortland, was very knowledgeable about the menu. He explained portions sizes to us and then gave us a few minutes to make our decisions. We went with two small plates and 2 entres. Small Plates: Ricotta Gnuddi: Light, delicious little balls of cheesy goodness. Chatrelle Agniotti with huckleberries and veal heart: because nothing says I love you like veal heart. This was really delicious. I was reluctant at first, but this was a really well balanced, earthy dish. Try it.  Dinner: Slagel Family Farms Burger with cheese and bacon: The burger was HUGE! It tasted really smoky, as if it had been cooked over a wood-fire. Other posts have said the cheese was skimpy, but that was not the case at all. There was a thick slice of cheese and two big strips of bacon. And the Beef Fat Fries-AMAZING! They were plentiful, crispy, salty, and delicious.  Pork Chop with Head-on Prawns, Bacon Braised Collard Greens, Hush Puppies, in a Black Pepper Shrimp Sauce. This was a really southern inspired dish. It was all really well balanced and flavorful. The portion was quite large.  Sadly, we didn't have any room left for dessert. The portions were really big and we were just too full. Every dessert we saw go by looked delicious. We are already planning our next visit, so we can tackle more of the menus, both food and drink.
