I have been to Spacca Napoli numerous times and I have enjoyed each experience to the max. There is generally a wait (this place is really popular) and the average wait is a half an hour or more depending on the day. But while waiting you are treated to complimentary Italian cheeses, crusty bread and even a glass of Prosecco. Michael, the owner, is very nice and hospitable and generally serves up these complimentary goodies with a great conversation to boot. Michael has informed me on the many aspects of his restaurant, but one thing that I found most interesting was his hearth pizza oven. He said it was shipped piece by piece from Naples, Italy to his restaurant right here in Chicago. If you see the beautiful oven you will understand the beautiful Italian craftsmanship behind it and why he chose it. Not only was the oven built quite beautifully, the oven produces a pizza that is out-of-this-world. The pizza here is Napoli-style and is nothing like our Chicago-style deep dish pizza. My favorite pizza there is the Margherita. The crust is thin, lightly charred (gives it a nice and subtle smoky taste) and chewy. Then is covered with delicious Italian chunky San Marzano tomato sauce and finally topped with slices of fresh Buffalo Ovolini mozzarella and fresh basil. It's sweet, savory, salty and just plain Delicious! Many people mention the pizza being soggy, but I can understand that the crust may get wet from the fresh mozzarella and the chunky sauce. This isn't cheap shredded dry mozzarella, the good stuff is soft and moist. And the chunky sauce may be juicy, but I just can't get enough of it. Whether not the fresh ingredients cause the crust to get wet, I know I would devour their delicious pizzas regardless. The ambiance there is great and perfect for a date. They have a great wine selection, wonderful appetizers, the best Napoli-style pizza in Chicago and a great array of fresh desserts too. I will continue being a loyal customer to Michael and his restaurant and maybe I'll see you there next time.
