I guess it all depends on your expectations from hotels and what tickles you in that category. I'm pretty picky and I like hotels that are new, innovative, stylish and really go out of their way to make you comfortable. So based on my pickiness, adjust the star rating! Parking: This one just flat out pissed me off. I don't mind paying for quality but getting ripped off is a diff story. So they only offer Valet at $50 per day. I should have the choice to park my own car if I want to in a hotel that has two towers on two side of the street and has more than enough parking space to accommodate valet and self park. When you ask the hotel staff for alternate parking info, the response is "we don't know of any other parking available" which is BS. You live and work in Chicago and don't know of other parking lots? Good thing I live in Chicago too and know that the whole area underneath the hotel, the park and some of the surrounding is all multi-level underground parking. Again, being ripped off! So don't get ripped off, if you don't mind a 5-10min walk. Directly next to the hotel's parking on the lower level, you can park for $7 overnight as long as you enter between 3-6pm and leave by 8am. I went in after 6pm so they said it would be $13 as long as I left before 8am. At the end, I decided to just stay in bed so I paid $30 for 24hr period which is still better than $50 in a getting ripped off fashion. In the winter months, that might not be the best choice. Also if you're planning on going in and out, then you might just let them rip you off! Overall: I'd stay here again if I didn't have other choices or if I happen to get it on priceline/hotwire. The lobby is spacious but my favorite feature of the lobby which is the big bar on the front desk floor, is closed during the day!!!!! I'm not a big drinker but I'd much rather sit at that big bar and have lunch! It's amazing how some hotels limit the use of their best feature....maybe they just don't see that as their best feature, who knows. Rooms: I had a junior suite so my room was fairly large with a king bed, desk, very large bathroom, sectional couch and a wet bar. With all that space, I had a tiny tall window which was ceiling to floor but very narrow! The bathroom was large but I just didn't like the quality. It was somewhat older, shower head was one of those "I can do 15 sprays but they all suck" type of shower-heads and amazingly, as large as the bathroom was, most of it was wasted space b/c I didn't even have enough counter space to put my stuff out. Good thing there wasn't a lady with me or I would have had to make her use the wet bar for her space needs lol. Yeah right, I'd probably end up using the closet while she uses the bathroom and the wet bar! Thermostat: I'm not sure what the thermostat in the room did but it definitely didn't control the temp lol I put it on all kinds of numbers and used diff fan speeds but I was either getting frost bites or feeling like I was in a sauna. They also have an A/C vent directly above the bed to blow on you as you sleep so you wake up with frozen sinuses! Smart. Staff: Very friendly, very professional Price: When I look at their regular prices, all I think in my head is "are you kidding me?" I would never pay that kind of money for a hotel like this. If you're not picky about amenities and their quality the way I am, then this hotel might be a good option. It's right in the middle of everything so if you're in town with family but on business, you can take a smelly cab to the loop while your family enjoys MI Ave., Navy Pier, Grant/Millenium Park all within walking distance. You can even skip the smelly cab on the way back and just walk from the your business meeting in the loop back to the hotel.
