I'd love to knock a star off of this review, but I just can't find a really good reason to do so - this is Brazilian Steakhouse "as good as it gets". My biggest concern is that comparing Texas de Brazil to either Brazzaz or Fogo de Chao is just not an apples-to-apples comparison because THEY offer a lunch service and Texas stopped doing that in late January (and even then it was only Fridays). Which means that we've had lunch at the others (paying $25 instead of $50) and here we had to go the full-price dinner option. [PROTIP: If you're a first-timer, sign up for their free membership and you might get the same 25% off coupon we did, which made it all worthwhile.] It's an interesting setup - they have an aerial wine-grabber doing tumbles in front of a multi-story wine rack, overlooking the salad bar and connecting the multiple stories tables for seating. The best parts about this salad bar that set it apart from the others: seared ahi tuna, piles of spicy shrimp, a sushi section (yea it's not Brazilian, but it's freakin' delicious), an olive bar with pitted olives and a giant bucket of crisped/dried BACON next to the croutons. Oh yes. Also the Lobster Bisque. (insert a lengthy "yadda yadda" joke here, because this bisque is the best) As for the sides, the rolls were way too hard/crusty on the outside in order to get to the cheesy doughy goodness - but the fried bananas had a nice cinnamon glaze to them setting them to the top of all the fried bananas we've been served. Garlic mashed potatoes, too. *yawn* The meats were the same standard level of awesome I've come to expect from churrascarias here. I loved their "top top sirloin" and their lamb was actually some of the best I've had at any of these places. I flagged down the lambchop guy just to get some more. Oh, and the ribs were just wonderful. The BBQ sauce tangy flavor really cleansed the palate and made me hungry for more. The one thing I've noticed about these places is that you have to eat it while it's fresh off the sword. It's sliced thin and it cools down on the plate so fast that you miss that window of the best flavor/mouth-feel if you wait because you left the meat faucet on and you need to deal with all the other stuff. And then go back for more BISQUE! I admit that on my second trip to the salad bar, half of my plate was devoted to a container filled with Ranch dressing and a pile of bacon pieces that I was just dipping in the dressing and eating like that. Also with the giant black olives. So decadent... And then the waitress asked me if she could bring me another bowl of bisque... Their Lobster Bisque is like stomach spackle, filling in all of the nooks and crannies between the meatstuffs and anything else that's down there, just sealing up every inch of stomach real estate with that rich creamy filling, leaving you to flail in your chair as your insides become an iron weight of fullness, keeping you from budging. (Though you will have to budge to use their restroom - it's on the 2nd floor. Weird, but it's a nice restroom at least...) Lastly I want to mention the staff - they seem overly courteous, almost to a point that confuses me. Sometimes it felt like our server was standing, leering at the tables waiting to pounce on someone who needed a fresh plate or had a request. I do love that anyone pouring water uses a napkin to avoid splashes. If only the meat-servers had the same ability. But hey, it's not MY tablecloth with the meat-juice stains on it! Of course, they love to push push push the cocktails and wines and desserts - anything to push your bill above and beyond the standard dinner ticket. Don't fall for it, people. Why spend more on a fancy bottle of wine, when there's LOBSTER BISQUE? Why save room for key lime pie when it should instead be full of LAMBCHOPS? Go hungry. Go early. You'll leave with a giant lead weight of satisfaction in your gut and the knowing promise to yourself that "I must do this again." Conclusion: If we do churrascaria for dinner, we will be choosing Texas de Brazil. If we want to do lunch at a lower price, we'll have to go to Fogo de Chao, until Texas de Brazil resumes their lunch service here.
