My colleague and I scoped this place out months in advance of attending a conference in Chicago, and it was one of our big food excursions while we were in town. When we arrived, the line was down the block, and it ended up being about an hour wait. Totally worth it, though. I had perused the menu online earlier that day, and I decided I wanted both a more gourmet dog (the foie gras and sauternes duck sausage, with truffle aioli, foie gras mousse and sel gris) and a more simple Elvis dog (smoked Polish sausage). And duck fat fries, of course. It was really hard to decide, though, because so many of the menu items sounded so tantalizing. What really made this 5 stars was the service, believe it or not. When we finally arrived at the counter, I was worried that I didn't have enough cash to cover everything I wanted. I asked the guy at the counter how much it would be without the fries, because I wasn't sure if I had enough. He looked at me and said, don't be silly! Don't deprive yourself of duck fat fries just because of cash! We can work this out. I was like, um, OK, I guess I'll get the duck fat fries then. He didn't even use a cash register, he just eyeballed my order and said, eh, that looks like about $15. I'm sure it would have been more than that if he actually added it up, but I'm definitely not complaining. Later I found out that it was Doug Sohn, the owner himself. He also talked me down from a medium drink to a small since there were free refills. What a nice guy! As we sat down to eat, the staff was very friendly, asking us if there was anything we needed, taking our trash, etc. They run this place very efficiently and seem to manage the crowds well. The foie gras dog was decadent and perhaps even a little too over the top, because it was hard to taste the duck sausage what with everything else going on. But that simple smoked Polish dog was sheer perfection. I'm glad I ordered both, because it gave me the chance to try both sides of the coin (not to mention I wolfed both down so fast, if I had only gotten one I would still have been hungry, and that would have meant getting back in the hour-long line). The duck fat fries, as one might expect, were fries like no other. Despite the wait, I would come here again and again to try all the different flavors, which change frequently. I loved the great service!
