I would give this a 3.5 but would rather round up than down. Went with my parents on a Tuesday night. Made a reservation thru OpenTable and was called 3 times to confirm. Nothing to deduct for but I did tell the manager when he sat us. It wasn't very crowded when we arrived at 6:30 so it was quiet and there wasn't anyone sitting next to us (expect for someone siting at a table next to me for 20 mins or so). By the time we left around 8:30 or so several other tables were full, the volume had def. gone up. Some of the tables are quite close so if it's packed, you may get friendly with your fellow diners. Service was good - the manager came and checked on us a few times (more on that later) and the waiter came back at the right intervals to answer questions and take orders. My parents both ordered steak, the bone-in filet and the delmonico, and I ordered lamb. My lamb was cooked medium like I requested, and my dad's steak was medium rare like he asked. My mom ordered her's medium rare but it came out medium. Now, my family, we're steak eaters and we know when a steak is cooked a proper medium rare, so when my mom cut into hers (like the waiter all asked us to when he set down the plates) her's was def. medium. I understand the restaurant is dark and that some people may not know what medium rare is but it kind of rubbed me the wrong way when the waiter asked if he could look at it in the light to make sure. But he toke her steak away and fired a new one.  The new steak came out on the rare side, but my mom didn't want to hassle them again. Also, it took a while for our meal to come out; a couple seated a good 20 mins after us was almost done with their meal when we got ours, and my mom's 2nd steak took all of 5 mins so not to say we waited "forever" to get our food but it kind of surprised us how fast the second steak was cooked. But besides those few snafus, the meal was good. I really liked my lamb with the mustard rub, the chipotle potatoes def. had a kick. My dad ate his entire steak, which for him means good. And while my mom didn't really like her steak, she loved the broccoli fondue and scallop potatoes we got as sides. We also had the scallops for an appetizer and they were delicious.  Dessert (key lime pie and hot butter rum cheesecake) was kind of meh. So overall, the meal was good, not great. The service was good and they were good about fixing my mom's steak. Not in a rush to get back (I mean, it's Chicago, lots of other places to check out) but since it's close to my apt, if I ever crave a steak and am at a loss of where to go, I'd considered Kinzie Chop House.
