Perhaps the negative reviews are from people that don't really appreciate good food. I dined at Zed twice, once for dinner about a month ago, and the second for brunch. Both times were superb. The service was fantastic - helpful, gracious and knowledgeable without being pretentious. They really bent over backwards to ensure we had the best time. The atmosphere reminds me of an upscale lodge with a cozy fireplace and open kitchen. Perfect for date night with the boyfriend or showcasing a gem in River North to my friend from the east coast. Dinner is slightly more expensive than at Brazzaz or Fogo, but the quality is 10x better. Almost every meat, with the exception of the wagyu steak, is GRASSFED and bursting with flavor. The thing that Zed does best is concoct flavor combinations tailored to their specific meats, and I could never tire of eating said dishes. Meats go by: Pistachio-crusted duck breast, buttermilk marinated steak, braised bbq short ribs, charred polish sausage with homemade mustard, new zealand venison, and honey-kissed moroccan spiced chicken breast, to name a few. Everything was so MOIST, I had to do a double take to make sure I was eating white meat! Much better than Brazzaz, where the meats were indistinguishable from each other and tasted like stale cardboard. At Zed, the harvest table also offers fresh and unique selections (try the forest mushrooms with creme fraiche, or the jicama salad with cilantro and berries) that are both impressive and novel. Honestly I could have gotten full on just the harvest table alone but I could not deny myself a chance to sample their meats. Totally worth it. We returned just yesterday for brunch. Even though it was 11am, it wasn't crowded at all. Zed's brunch is perhaps the best brunch deal I've ever had. Most of the selections from this all you can eat buffet are MADE TO ORDER. Highlights were the bacon (I think it was maple brown sugar chipotle spiced), cinnamon buns, buttermilk ranch-marinated sirloin steak, south western crab cakes, and mini red velvet cupcakes. Seriously, brunch anywhere else now will just be obsolete.  As part of the holiday season, our server handed us gift cards worth at least $20 to be used any time in January, 1 per table, and we were handed 2 chocolate covered cake pops by the hostess. As I walked out I made a reservation for 2 weeks later. I will definitely be back.
