Perhaps I'm the odd man out in these reviews, but I have nothing but terrible things to say about my experience here.  Except for the Scotch Egg, which was the bomb. 2 weeks ago my partner and I decided to visit after reading the decent review - and seeing the very appealing picture of fish and chips - in Time Out Chicago. So we get there around 3PM on a Saturday, and immediately are impressed by the decor. The place was not very busy, but I guess that's to be expected for a late weekend afternoon downtown when it's too cold to sit outside.  Anyway, upon being seated I ordered a Guinness, which was served with way too much head, which would be forgiveable if this were a faux-Irish bar in Wrigleyville, but I guess I expected a better pour considering the reputation of the ownership and how un-rushed the bar was. When the waiter came back to get our food order, I asked where the fish and chips was on the menu. I was told that was only on the dinner menu. Ah, because deep frying cod is the kind of thing that you really need to have the full kitchen staff there for...? Anyway, we were able to order another item from the TOC review that sounded pretty appealing - the previously mentioned Scotch Egg - and then I ordered a cheeseburger, medium, while my partner ordered the steak sandwich, medium, with a side of brie potatoes. Given the prices of everything on the menu, I would say it's fair to expect a very high level of quality, otherwise, why not take yourself to the Bennigans just down the street aways? The Scotch Egg lived up to its promise - Deep fried sausage covering a hard boiled egg and served with hot mustard? I believe these will be in the vending machines in heaven. But then the main course arrived. Instantly I noticed my fries were ice cold. But given our appetizer I didn't need them anyway, so when the waiter came by I made a mention of this, but told him not to worry. Unfortunately, upon biting into my cheeseburger, I realized I should have asked the waiter to stick around a bit. Let's start with the taste. If you like ground beef with your peppercorn and oil patty, then I guess you would enjoy the burger.  I'm quite sure I can make a better burger at home, and I'm fairly confident the Bennigans down the street can, too, for about 1/2 the price. Secondly, of course, when I am cooking food for others I do my very best to make sure the meat is actually cooked through. The kitchen at Gage did not seem to share this concern. When it comes to steak, I like medium rare, but when you order ground beef medium and you get a cool, raw, mushy middle... I lost my appetite. My partner was not thrilled with his sandwich either, which, while cooked thoroughly, was also extremely greasy. And the brie potatoes seemed like they had pretty much been pre-prepared, frozen, and then nuked prior to being served. Kind of like a High Class ... Bennigans!. Again, not being the kind of person who wants to let a bad meal upset my applecart, I called the waiter over, and explained the situation. He seemed to be very understanding and called the manager over. They did offer to bring me something else, but at this point I politely explained I was no longer hungry and if they wanted to compensate me, it would be appreciated if they took the hamburger off the bill. They agreed to this. However, this is where I'm pretty sure the service at Bennigans exceeds Gage.... my partner, who felt bad about my bad meal, offered to pay and grabbed the check as soon as it arrived I asked him if I could see the check to make sure the $13 patty of peppercorn and lightly seared ground beef I was served was comped, but he handed the check and credit card were handed back to the waiter on the spot and run. The tip was left and we left quickly, a little embarassed by the whole incident (I hate confronting waiters in situations like that and almost never send anything back, but the price was just way too high to deal with poorly prepared food).  Out on the street I asked how much the check was. I was amazed when we realized that on top of everything else, we had NOT actually been comped, and had paid $60 w/ tip for 2 poorly cooked sandwiches, a couple of sides, and one drink. Maybe it's just me, but I've spoken casually with others who have tried this place and experienced lousy service and average food as well.  All of which makes me wonder how many "real" reviews there are here vs. friends and acquaintances of staff (see the review about getting drink tabs picked up). Regardless, I call this one "OFF THE LIST!" :)
