ZED451 is my new favorite restaurant! I went to ZED yesterday with my mom for my birthday. We came upon the restaurant by happenstance after driving around for almost an hour deciding where to go. As we drove past, she mentioned seeing it before and wondering what was up with it. It looks awesome from the outside architecturally, and doesn't disappoint inside either. We walked in at about 5:30 on a Thursday night without a reservation and had no problem getting a table. Having been our first time, the hostess was great at explaining their concept of the harvest table, where you serve yourself with amazingly fresh prepared seasonal selections, situated around a central fire pit. As we were seated, our server brought out a small plate of a specially prepared daily item, some sort of corn flake with a pana cotta, which was delicious. Stepping up to the harvest table was so exciting! All of the selections were beautiful and tasted amazing! Peruvian potato salad, salted melon salad, Fiji apple salad, the list goes on and on! Of course, I had to try a bit of everything and don't regret that at all! The also offer a ZED dinner and serve house prepared meats table side. I really love their concept of river rocks on the dining tables. At the table, there is a small platter with river rocks and to indicate you would like to be served, you place the river rock near your place at the table. Almost immediately, the chefs brought around steak, lamb, chicken, and fish they had personally prepared and told you about the cut and preparation technique. Not only seeing but hearing about what I was about to eat made it a great experience. Although everything I tried was excellent, my personal favorite was the feral island salmon. It was the best tasting, most wonderfully textured salmon I've ever eaten. Ever. While dining, one of the chefs visited our table to ensure we were enjoying our meal and talk with us. It was great to see such an emphasis on making sure what they were serving was really providing a quality experience. Moving on to the dessert, I had their "house favorite" as our server called it: butterscotch bread pudding, while my mom chose their banana cream pie. Both were so delicious! And they even personalized my plate for my birthday, which was a nice touch. Speaking with the manager after our meal just showed again the attention to detail and focus on creating an enjoyable experience everyone on the staff seemed to posses. She mentioned they also offer brunch and I can't wait to return to try it! I was extremely impressed by the food, the staff, and the atmosphere of this restaurant and would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for an amazing dinning experience.
