I took advantage of a Groupon deal here recently with a friend. The first thing I need to say is Ethiopian food is just not photogenic. While I usually like to see pictures of my food, this stuff always looks more like an art project brought to me by my cat. That said, the food is really delicious! And the one close up here of the Injera reminds me of rolled up carpet padding. I like to describe it to the uninitiated as "Spandex Crepes." Now for the details: Ambience - This is probably he nicest Ethiopian place I've been to. It's spacious with lot's of room between tables, and there is a nice panoramic view of the bustling Lawrence Avenue/Broadway. intersection. It's clean, nicely lit and there are cloth linens and napkins. Service - Our service was excellent. Seated by one young lady and served by another, both were gracious, accessible and helpful. There was some "splaining" to do relative to the Groupon deal and how to choose from the menu, and they were patient with us as we went through all the choices. The food arrived quickly after we ordered. We never felt rushed. Food - The deal was a good one. Samosa or "Sambussa" appetizers. Spinach, beef and beans. Then we chose the combo platter which had 3 veggie and 3 meat entrees. A bottle of wine was included along with dessert. The appetizers were hot and not so greasy. The variety of vegetables, meat and beans very pleasing. The entrees included a very flavorful beet dish/salad, Shiro,a legume mixture, Gomen, a collard green mix, Lamb stewed in Berbere Sauce, Beef with onions, garlic ginger, and turmeric, and Doro Wat, a chicken drumstick in a spicy sauce with a hard-boiled egg. These items were all bursting with flavor and healthy spices. And with the Injera they were quite filling, inspite of really being small amounts of food. So I love the food, the variety and the spices, but the only downside from my perspective is while I could come here solo, I probably never would. And the Groupon deal was a good value but I think I might also make alternative dining choices if I were paying the full value of the meal for two ($66.00 w/o tip.) It would be nice if there were the Ethiopian casual equivalent of, say, The Pita Inn. But i will save my Ethiopian experiences for times when I have a Group and a Groupon. Solid 3 1/2 stars for me, all things considered.
