Went here last night with my husband and his family for his birthday. We somehow lucked out and were able to be seated without a wait. The charming host told us we could pick wherever we wanted to sit and we opted for the upstairs "patio." How cute is it up there?! They have heat lamps (it's enclosed) and twinkling lights - I loved the ambiance and it was much easier to talk to each other than it would have been in the noisy dining room downstairs. If the patio is available, I highly suggested sitting up there. I thought the food was outstanding. We started with the foccacia and the tomato, burrata and pesto "salad." The foccacia was amazing and tasted very similar to that at Avec, though I must say I missed the truffle oil on this one (but then again, when do you not miss truffle oil). Even sans truffle oil, it was a knockout dish. The "salad" wasn't really a salad as much as it was deliciousness to put on buttery, crispy bread. Regardless of what they want to call it, it was probably the best iteration of a caprese salad that I've ever had. The cherry tomatoes were lightly roasted, giving them a slightly smoky flavor. The burrata was creamy and delicious. The pesto drizzled on top was also outstanding.  I had the mushroom, leek, taleggio, and truffle oil pizza. What a winner. Our server said that if the ingredients of a particular dish were speaking to you, to go with it because there's pretty much nothing else in the dish other than what's listed. I'm so glad I chose this pizza because all of the components were screaming my name. The mushrooms were hearty and earthy, the leeks were caramelized to a slight sweetness and the mild taleggio rounded it all out. The drizzle of truffle oil over the top was just the piece de resistance. I didn't try any of the other dishes but the swordfish, risotto, and ravioli all got high marks.  We ended with two desserts: the butterscotch pudding and the torta bacio. Again, both were outstanding. If you think you don't like butterscotch, try this one before you make up your mind. The torta bacio was equally as good. Whoever thought to combine chocolate and hazelnuts is alright in my book.  All in all, a great night at a great place. Looking forward to returning!
