My experience will probably not be what a normal dining experience will be like at Sapori - but I wanted to share my 4 star rating which is mostly based on the service and a little on the food. I give the service 4 stars. The host stand is a crazy place to be and the guy who answered my call at 7:45pm on a Saturday night was not ready to handle all the calls and seating people. Calling at that time requires patience on the callers part, which I had, but after putting me on hold numerous times and not remembering my question a couple times, I was ready to just hang up and go there and try my luck on getting a table. The rest of the service (our waiter and the manager on the floor) was excellent. We had a major dilemma with the food we ordered because I have food allergies - and it was really my fault for not double checking that the meal I ordered was gluten-free. So when the food came I realized the fish was lightly breaded - which wasn't going to work at all for me. Our waiter and manager took all the blame despite me saying it wasn't their fault - and they dealt with the situation very well. They went out of their way to make sure I had a meal I could eat and they barely charged us for anything. And topped off the wine for free because of the wait. The wait for our food was really long - but we weren't that hungry and weren't in a hurry so we didn't care. I can see how it would be annoying if we had some place to go though. And of course I had to wait longer for my gluten-free meal, but I didn't hold that against them. The food was okay. Our avocado 'bruschetta style' appetizer was super yummy (even without the bread part, which was how I had to eat it). My boyfriend ordered the bass meal - which was okay but nothing great. The cooks made a special gluten free version of the seafood risotta for me - which was very nice of them - but wasn't the best tasting meal. So in conclusion: - Not the quickest place for a meal on a Saturday night - great waiter/manager service - small dining rooms - nice outdoor seating - nice aesthetics - decent food - large wine list
