I have just returned from my first visit to Doug's, and I can say with confidence that this place earns its hype. I had been salivating over the pictures and menu descriptions since moving to Chicago last year, and finally decided to give in temptation. It didn't hurt that my girlfriend told my parents to get me Hot Doug's gift certificates for my recent birthday (which Doug sent BEFORE they paid for them, by the way). The place was a convenient 20 minute walk for a Northsider such as myself, and arriving around 11:30AM there was a 30 minute line filled with a variety of folks (decked out hipsters to the front, a guy behind us with a suitcase on wheels who I imagined scheduled his layover with time for a hot dog run). We ordered four dogs and two drinks from Doug manning the register personally, who matched my mom's description of seeming like "such a sweet guy." He remembered sending off the hot dog vouchers to me, and just took my $20 worth of paper back and called it even for what we calculated was actually around $30 retail. It's that kind of kindness and personal touch which makes a lot of Doug's regulars regular, I bet. The encased meats in question came through the assembly line with the quickness, and we started with the most luxurious of the lot: the fois gras duck sausage, which we agreed was one of the tastiest things we had ever had (PETA be damned). Then there was the cognac and pheasant sausage, which was a stark flavor contrast from the last with its wine sauce making it more of the fruit serving of this deluxe meat tray. The Marty Allen was next, slathered in traditional Chicago hot dog condimentation, and proved that Doug's makes a regional dog that stands toe to toe with the old guard (and we were able to switch out the onions for sauerkraut for a juicy alternative!) And last but certainly not least was the "game of the week": wild boar sausage. I would have never imagined such a snarly little prehistoric looking creature would be such a tasty treat on a bun. And that chistou cheese sprinkled on top had that authentic aged cheese taste, like all those $20 French bricks they have at Whole Foods I dream about melting onto nachos. This was certainly a memorable dining experience, one that I won't hesitate to recommend to others. And to those that are put off by the price, you may have a little piece of mind in that all of the menu prices have tax included (which makes it easy for the percentage dummies such as myself to figure out how far they can stretch their sausage dollar). And I also think that the cash only policy probably keeps the prices down by not having to shill out monthly to Visa. I think if you moved it to a bigger building, made 10 of these and scattered them around the city, or even expanded the hours it would disrupt that personal touch that was a big part of why I loved this place. Let's keep Doug at the register where he belongs.
