I've read a lot of reviews that have given the service and food less than stellar reviews. Fine. I'm an out-of-towner, taken here by a friend who knows me and my joyous love of cocktails oh-so-well, so I can't say my experience was typical. But if service and/or waits are your problem let me say this: Show up at 7 p.m., or before. When we arrived at 7, there was no wait, no line, no nothing. "But that's so early!" you say. No. Not at all. Get a comfy table or booth, settle in, and laugh at the huddled masses crammed in the hallway and down the street. Planning on a $100 dinner after coctails? Screw it. Stay in your seat and spend that on 9 more cocktails. Seriously. I don't know how or why people need to eat when drinks this tasty are at your fingertips. I usually balk at the idea of an $11 drink, but the exceptional quality of these drinks is not to be understated. Cocktails have somehow fallen in bar culture from finely tuned and crafted masterpieces of mixology to "bitch drinks," suitable only for girls who need the saccharine of juice to cover up the taste of the cheap alcohol they're chugging. No. No, no, no. Cocktails were originally genius blends of different spirits and liquers, bitters and sours, salt and sugar, fruits and herbs, mixed to evoke a season, a mood, or just a "Mmmm!" from the imbiber. The Violet Hour holds that standard above all else, and the cocktails you get are all the better for it. I had the "Hush and Wonder" and the "Hemingway Daquiri," both on the Spring menu, both in the Rum section, neither of which attempted anything cloying or tropical, as so many rum drinks do. The "Hush and Wonder" was even BITTER (surprise, surprise, it's got bitters in it). My friend even got a whiskey drink infused with PINE. As in the tree. And it was delicious. I'm sure you can order off-menu, and many reviewers here have mentioned custom creations from the bartender, but I don't know why you would bother straying from their seasonal selections. (Unless, that is, you've tried them all, and then, oh, how I envy you!) And if you get lip from the waiter, who cares? In the end, you get to drink your drink and they don't (at least, not until they're off), and the lip you're getting is probably annoyance and jealousy. Or maybe they just bumped their knee -- it is awfully dark in there. But to everyone and anyone who even thinks to bitch about the wait time -- cocktails are not quick drinks. The best ones are the slowest to make. It takes care, precision, attention to amount, temperature, ice, mixing, etc. to take a bunch of strong spirits and blend them into the kind of smooth and truly delicious concoctions that come from those bars. So BE PATIENT. It is so much more worth it than you could ever guess.
