As part of my birthday celebration, my wife and I went to Carnivale this past Friday night. It was our first time eating here and we walked away with a high opinion and plans to revisit in the future. For starters, the staff and waiters were very nice and helpful. We were seated within minutes upon check-in (we had 7:30PM reservations for 2) and were given a table on the second floor overlooking the main dining area. The space is beautiful. Formerly a warehouse, the place has been renovated with outdoor seating, a bar area and an adjoining main dining room with vaulted ceilings, brightly colored lamps, a huge glass mosaic and cool decorations.The atmosphere was fun and vibrant. Music was playing in the background during our meal but we didn't have any trouble hearing one another. In fact, it was just loud enough to drown out your neighbors and provide a little bit of conversational privacy.We had heard positiive reviews about their mixed drinks so my wife ordered the Coconut Mojito and I ordered the Mojito Millonario. Both were good; however, I was partial to my libation. It was a few dollars more than the regular Mojito but the 12 year estate rum they used was absolutely delicious and worth the extra expense. In addition to the rum upgrade, in the Millinario they add cava (spanish sparkling wine) and forego simple syrup, which is used in the regular mojito. This made for better flavor and kick in my opinion. The food we ordered really hit the spot as well and was prepared perfectly. To start, we had the Arepas and the Ropa Vieja. Both had great flavor. The pork belly and corn cheese cakes in the former were a nice pairing. If I had to choose between the two though I would go with the Ropa Vieja. The braised beef and spicy mayo together with the other ingredients made for an incredibly tasty combination. Plus, in the RV they give you 4 little portions per plate compared to 3 on the Arepas dish. Regardless, you won't go wrong with either.For entrees we chose the Churrasco and the Bistek Palomilla. There was no clear cut winner in my mind because both dishes had unique and satisfying flavor profiles. The meat for both was cooked just right; tender but not bloody and easy to cut. My wife made the comment that the Churrasco tasted more latin american'esque while the Bistek Palomilla was more amorphous, although still excellent. She may have had a point. Regardless, the roasted mushrooms, radish salad and brisket mofongo disappeared quickly from my plate. The sweet potato puree and corn on her dish did compliment each other and the beef tenderloin very well.Since it was my birthday they brought us a free dessert, flan with bits of caramel popcorn on the plate. I didn't even see that option on the menu but it hit the spot. Definitely not the best I've ever had but since it was free I wasn't complaining. Had they not surprised us with this I would have ordered the Banana Cream Pie, which sounded awesome. Next time!
