After hearing for weeks.. no.. more like months on end of how phenomenal this place was from Erin P and Brett D, that I needed to go. That it rocked their socks off. Then in comes Carol J and talk of food orgasms.... okay people.. enough of the chatter.. let's see what this place is about. Caroline A and I traversed through traffic last Saturday night and met up for a 7pm dinner here for their underground dinner, (five courses for $65). I came in and waited a moment while the server was finishing cleaning away dishes for a table. I looked around. Its a fairly small space with exposed brick, simple white table cloths, simple decor, great lighting, (not too bright, but certainly not dim so you strain your peepers), but just right. Oh, nice job on the bathroom too. When the waiter came to me, asked me about my reservation and taking Erin and Brett's advice I was able to get a table right by the kitchen. As I waited for my dinner date to arrive, I was able to scan the menu for the night. It all looked exciting, slightly bold and adventurous yet fairly easy to grasp.. even for lil' ol' me.... sweet. Caroline came in and as we started to catch up one of the chefs asked if we had any dietary restrictions, nope and then the first course appeared after that. The entire menu tonight was Thanksgiving inspired. Many of the ingredients are your traditional American dinner... just in case you noticed a theme. First we had the amuse buche, a braised duck leg, with roasted fruits and a simple sauce. It certainly got my mouth watering and stomach ready for the upcoming courses. Honestly, the first course was fine, but out of the five, I'm ranking this last. Perhaps, I was so intently anticipating some of the other courses, this one didn't wow me. A simple, slightly deconstructed salad with ingredients such as white endive, cranberry caviar, basil vinaigrette among the many. The flavors were a little too delicate for me and considering the rest of the courses, a little too quiet. Perhaps the chefs were balancing and building up to the main fourth course, but I just was looking for a little more flavor, but I am being a little picky. Why? Because I loved the last four courses. Love in, "Can I have twenty more of each of these courses?" love. Second course was a fish sandwich. Starting with the homemade scallion biscuit, which look out Art Smith 'cause these are some damn fine biscuits! Flaky and moist, full of wonderful flavor, but the fish was tender and perfectly cooked and the Japanese mustard certainly added a wonderful kick. Then the buttercup squash soup came out, with a little square of tempura fried Udon noodles on the side and roasted pecans with caramel sauce on top. Let's just start with the soup, heavenly. Especially on this chilly night, I would have been happy with just the soup. Perfectly balanced, velvety smooth, soul warming and wonderful. The Udon square and pecans added some nice texture elements to it, however I am glad they didn't add anymore of the caramel sauce to it, I hate licking plates in public.... sometimes. Then the big course came out, the turkey course. A small pot pie in the middle, which was a braised turkey leg done in its own juices. Then those juices turned into a rich sauce and placed in a flaky pot pie crust with a single sage shadow sticking out like a little edible feather. Dang yo, it was tight. Then the white meat section was done in a brine and slow cooked with even slower roasted tomatoes. I urged Caroline to just try the tomato on its own. After a moment, a smokiness starts to build and fill your mouth out of no where. Amazing. Of course there was a corn bread stuffing on the side as well, neatly wrapped in a cooked chive like a little package. Then we come to dessert. Oh goody goody gum drops was I excited. I have grown to appreciate pie, but there is no pie like the pie I had here. A deconstructed apple pie. Soften and tender slices of apples, next to a sinful cinnamon ice cream next to a crumble of crust with an "Oh My God, kill me now, because this is heaven" vanilla bean creme fresche and dark chocolate shavings all around. Yeah. It was that good. Brett urged me before we came to have this berry and try it before we left. When the head chef came by and asked if we needed anything else, I mention something about a berry and battery acid. He smiled and came back with two berries, one for each of us. Yes, it is weird and like battery acid in your mouth and I want more. I can understand why Erin has a crush on these guys. Luke Creagan, Shin Thompson and B Ross put together a great meal and wonderful evening. Shin, one of the two head chefs, came out with each course, explained how to eat and enjoy each one. What you get here is more than what you are paying for, there is some great value here. The service and how you feel at the end of the night, makes you feel fussed over and appreciated, something I hope to experience again very soon.
