I was introduced to Simply It by the Canadian Ninja and since I respect his opinions I figured to give this restaurant a shot...on a first date no less. My experience started with the making of a Saturday night reservation. The owner, or person who answered the phone, was extremely nice and even asked how I had heard of their restaurant (see above). Originally my reservation was for 7:30 but due to some unforeseen issues we had to change it to 8:00, they were very accommodating. I showed up about 5 mins. to 8:00 and had to wait for my date to show. Yes, this was a first date. Now that that's out of the way, the owner immediately noticed I had a bottle of wine (white) and went and got me an ice bucket to keep it nice and chill. It's the little things one notices. Shortly after my date arrived and we were sat at our table. With my luck our table just happened to be next to a 20 top Bachelorette party. So much for a quiet dinner and conversation. We had just enough time to pour a glass of wine before we were approached by the wait staff to see if we wanted any appetizers. I asked for a few minutes just so we can have a chance to crack the menu and chat a while. I'm all about attentive service but you have to give people a moment to settle in. Well they literally returned in about 3 minutes. Again, not a bad thing if this was someplace I had been before and knew the menu and if I wasn't just meeting this girl for the first time. Not exactly a great date strategy to bury your face in the menu seconds after sitting down. We finally got around to choosing an appetizer to share and then took a few moments to peruse the rest of the menu. "DUCK", there it was on the menu and boy was I up for trying it. Of course they were all out. UGH! Wish the waitress would have mentioned that when we were first approached. Ok, now I have to scramble to figure out another option. I ended up ordering the red snapper and my date had a vegetarian green bean and squash plate. I was asked if I wanted my snapper de-boned...of course I did, I'm lazy like that. I did end up getting a few bones in the fish but overall I though the food, which we shared, tasted exceptional. Yeah, there was some loud and obnoxious behavior from the table next to us but that doesn't detract from the food and the company. All in all I would have given this place 4.5 to 5 stars if it wasn't for the loud table next to us. Yes I know that's not really something the ownership can control but it does impact the overall experience. Also, the service was a little too much at first and too little after we got our food. I'll be back though and dammit, next time I want some DUCK!!!
