I don't have a single bad word to say about this fantastic spot. Nothing. Nada. Zip. This place is SO SO SO DAMN GOOD! Now, my review can only speak for brunch, but, if the mornin' meal they're serving up is this good? Come on, how can dinner be anything less than amazing?? I was really surprised that we easily got an 11:00 reservation, thinking our only options would be 9:00 am or 3:00 pm. First of all, can we please talk about the bloody mary's here?? I only get a craving for a bloody mary every so often, but, after having had it once, I couldn't wait to get back for more. The tomato juice is so unbelievably fresh and the drink is seasoned with perfect amount of saltiness and spice..divine. And I really like that it's not served in a huge pint glass, because it's usually way too filling, and I wind up not wanting to eat anything. Theirs is the perfect size, doesn't fill you up, and compliments the food. The mimosa ain't nothin to sneeze at, either. As if the complimentary beignets weren't enough, our mouths were drooling over the brunch menu. Luckily we were hungry and figured since breaffast is supposed to be the biggest meal of the day, we would go all out. We split the andouille that's served with homemade bread, garlic aioli, and chow-chow, and it is good-good. The sausage is very fresh, not greasy, very flavorful. For my meal I had the Eggs New Orleans and a side of grits (more on that in a moment), and my hubs had the Bayou Teche omelet. I will say that both dishes were hands down the BEST brunch food we've had in a very long time. That's a bold statement to make, people, and I stand by it: THE BEST BRUNCH FOOD INGESTED IN WHO KNOWS HOW LONG! The Eggs New Orleans is crab cakes w/poached eggs, atop a popover and sauced with bearnaise. I drooled typing that. A modified eggs benedict that is surprisingly light and the crab cake gives it a great flavor. The potatoes that come with it are my favorite kind for breakfast: thin, crisp, seasoned with onion and peppers..perfect. I had a few, okay many bites, of the hubs omelet, and, I loved the savory combination of the craw fish and andouille with the sauce. Again, not super heavy, which was surprising given the ingredients. And now for the grits..they get 2 thumbs up. Creamy, buttery, cheesy, savory. Yum. I love grits and Big Jones didn't disappoint. The service has been wonderful each time we've been, and I love that they don't make you feel rushed. Excellent food and drinks make this THE spot for brunch.
