Holy BBQ, Batman! This joint takes it up not just one notch but about fifty. I went during restaurant week, and was excited to have the 3-course dinner to try a few things off the menu. You may miss the right door into the restaurant because there were a few, but if you smell the food, you know you're in the right place. Also, it was a perfect mood setting....dim lighting but bright enough to see and read a menu! (Which some restaurants can't seem to find the balance.) When we got into the restaurant, we checked in with the hostess for our reservation, and she offered a free coat check. During the winters in Chicago, it sucks to have to pay $2+ dollars for coat check when you're paying for the meal, transportation there, etc. So, I really enjoyed having this option. The bar area was pretty large with about 10 high top tables with seating along the bar's perimeter that sat 15. Additionally, there was a smaller banquet room right off the front of the restaurant. Once sat, a food runner brought complimentary, homemade pickles and spiced chips. DELICIOUS!!! Our server was great and very informative. And for you bourbon lovers, we were informed that Q is known as the best bourbon spot in town. As an appetizer, we got the bacon hushpuppies. The 'pups had a spicy dipping sauce that was perfect for the texture and overall flavorings. Needless to say, the appetizer didn't last long... For my Restaurant Week meal, I got the hominy salad, brisket and cookies & milk. I was expecting, like other restaurants, smaller servings of each course....WRONG! Q served up normal servings, which I couldn't eat, but I gave my best shot. The hominy salad was my 1st shot at hominy, and while it was flavorful, it wasn't my favorite. The texture of the hominy just threw me off. I think I would have enjoyed more blackbeans and peppers in to cut the over-hominyness of the salad. When the brisket came, however, I was in heaven. I'm not a bit red meat fan, but this was different. You didn't need a knife. The meat fell apart perfectly and the BBQ sauce was yummy. And my favorite part of the meal....dessert....was perfect. I do wish they offered skim milk as 2% is too thick for my stomach. Three cookies came out, perfectly plated to show which flavors: traditional chocolate chip, oatmeal reaisin and sugar w/ bourbon sugar glaze. I had half of each cookie and felt an immediate sugar high! I cannot wait to go to Q next, and I will (and have) recommended Q for a nice, upscale BBQ dinner. I will probably try the mac-n-cheese next we go, because the table across from us ordered it and it looked perfectly cheesy, toasty from the oven and appealing.
