This is the place I think of when I think of Chicago (even though I prefer Lou's). I'm pretty sure this is the location you see on all the food shows that depict Chicago deep dish and seems to be a bit of star on it's own. The walls in Gino's are heavily decorated with graffiti and random Chicago art and sports memorabilia. There is a bar downstairs and seating on both the floor level and second level. It's location is just off Michigan Ave which is heavily trafficked with people and shoppers. It's a really cool looking outer facade that, I was told, was rebuilt to match the original. Gino's pizza is simply amazing and full of such wonderful flavor. Pizza like this can't be found or replicated anywhere, but in Chicago. So many imitators try to do this, but once you've had real Chicago deep dish IN Chicago, they don't compare. The patty sausage is a bit better here than anywhere else I have tried or sampled alone; there is a more spice and seasoning to their sausage that makes it tastier. The sauce has a bit of canned tomato taste to it and felt like it need to simmer for a few more hours to cook that out. Crust at Gino's has a bit of cornmeal in it and gives it a different texture and taste than the pastry style served at others (Lou's included). Not saying it is bad, but different enough to make it stand out and I really liked it. Overall, Gino's loses points based on service and being overly impressed with their own name instead of focusing on their food. My group of four waited an hour outside to get in, which wasn't bad, but when we got in, there were about 10-15 open tables that could easily seat 4 or more. We went on a Friday evening for early dinner around 5 and thought it was strange that they were either inefficient or understaffed as there clearly was an even longer line after we left. The canned tasted of the sauce was the other turnoff for me, but seems like they are just not as focused as they should be and I've been told that other locations do not have this issue with their sauce.
