I feel that the stars have properly aligned and that I am now at a point where I can write a proper Hot Doug's review. For so long, I struggled to verbalize how this place has changed my perception of good food, to tell about my experiences in general, and essentially change my life. Basically, this is probably the most meaningful yelp review I've ever written and may ever write, so I really wanted to get it right. Here goes. I have been going to Hot Doug's on a regular basis since approximately late 2008, so I am a bit of a late bloomer. It's foggy, but that's the best I can pinpoint. I am proud to say that I actually did not find out about Hot Doug's through the Foie Gras controversy, or the Travel Channel or something like that---this was a word of mouth recommendation, and the fact that they have so much variety but basically only one form factor of a sandwich, was what appealed to me the most. I can't actually say I've ever eaten a bad thing on the menu here. Everything has essentially been 5 star. The thoughtfulness and harmony of the flavors, the gourmet influence is so obvious here. Everything is so well thought out and prepared. I like the rotating menu as well. There are some items that are repeated from time to time and never changed (Hot Doug's BLT, Sonoran Dog, Beef Sausage w/ Coca-Cola BBQ Sauce), there are some that are repeated but one or two things changed (Linguisa, Mountain Man Sausage, Uber Garlic-Pork, etc). There are the regular choices (Duck w/ Foie Gras, Chicago Dog, Italian Sausage, etc). From time to time, also, they bust out a DAMN good bowl of sausage chili topped w/ cheddar and onions. That is a Hot Doug's special appearance, so grab it when you can. The atmosphere is happy, childish almost, and rather comical/entertaining. A place that describes itself as "The Sausage Superstore and Encased Meat Emporium" HAS to be somewhat entertaining, and all sorts of funny pictures, a "Hot Dog Timeline" and the menu itself, even has funny names and descriptions on it. Doug has a collection of hot dog toys and memorabilia under his counter, too, which is worth paying attention of. My particular favorite is the hot dog tape. I need that when I move next. Doug, himself, is worth a special mention. I'm not sure how he does it quite frankly. The man is a true personality. He is one of those people that is "the nicest guy you'll ever meet" and it's always consistent. To stand up there and take orders for six hours, have people ask "how's this, how's that", deal with a consistent stream of customers is trying. I've never seen him lose it. He's always got an extremely genuine smile on his face, a wonderful, cheerful demeanor, and a personality. The fact that he focuses on the customer in front of him for anywhere from 30 seconds to two minutes is very meaningful to me, and the fact that he remembers me by name is also meaningful. This also helps the flow of customer from line, to counter, to seat. Oh, you'll always get a seat here. They don't let people who haven't ordered sit down, and for this reason and some magic controlled chaos, it all just works. If you get wise, you will learn the times that Hot Doug's isn't busy, and you will go and experience it in those times. Pretty much any weekday before noon is a great time to go, aside from Friday. Monday can be slightly crowded (they are closed on Sunday's so a little demand builds). Tues, Weds, Thurs are always great, and always when you can find me there. It's in the middle of nowhere so drive or be prepared to walk from a bus line, but I assure you---it's worth the trip. All in all, I can't ever imagine not having Hot Doug's as a Chicago institution. What Doug Sohn has done for inexpensive, thoughtfully prepared, delicious, gourmet food is unbelievable. Hot Doug's is the reason I appreciate food and think about it so much. It is where it all began for me, and it's a great place for it to begin for anyone. It really is an amazing stepping stone. Who doesn't like a good hot dog? Start out at a Chicago Dog or an Italian Sausage, work up to the Hot Doug's BLT, and graduate with a Foie Gras. I will be very, very sad (yet it will be very bittersweet), if it ever disappears from the Chicago dining scene. I personally am of the opinion it is in the top three (maybe top two) restaurants in the City of Chicago. With a 27/30 Zagat score, it's also in the top ten in the country. Hot Doug's is significant and should not be ignored. All in all, this is absolutely my favorite place to enjoy food and I literally tell everyone I meet/talk to about food about it. It's just too perfect. When I sit down at the table at the end of my life and balance out the accounting books, everything will come up completely even, partially because of Hot Doug's. I feel so complete because I have enjoyed going here so much. It should be a bucket list item for anyone. Absolutely perfect. In every way.
