Oh, Hyatt Regency Chicago. How your Lost and Found department has tainted my review so. I attended the NYE 2009 bash at the hotel and let me tell you, it was a bash and a half. I went with a bunch of friends and we ended up getting three rooms total and all of the rooms were incredibly nice, big flat screens, ipod docks, granite counters in the bathroom, great views, etc. The party allegedly had 2000 people attending but the Hyatt was definitely ready for everyone, checking in was a breeze, and they gave us our three rooms all on the same floor, which was a total perk. The party was a blast - the top level was the band and it had lots of light, and the second level was much more dark, clubby, and had a DJ. I would HIGHLY recommend if you attend the shindig next year to get to the party as early as you can because finding seats to eat was a struggle. Partially because we had a large group but that was pretty much the only negative for the party. You occasionally had to wait a long time for a drink but almost every bartender handed them out two at a time and they were all strong. The party was a huge success, the hotel was beautiful, and everyone had a great time. HOWEVER - upon checking out the next day and heading back to the burbs, I realized that I had left something in the room. Right around the same time, my friend called and told me she had left something in her room too. OK partially our faults because hey, check and make sure you have all your stuff. So I called and talked to the Lost and Found department and they told me they'd look for it and get back to me. They didn't get back to me. I called the next day. They said they still hadn't found it but that doesn't mean that it had not shown up. My friend stopped by the next day. They didn't have either thing. I have called about every other day for almost two weeks now and neither of our items have shown up. Their voice mail message says they will call you back in 24 hours and I've probably left four messages and gotten one call back. I just think it's insane that they have a designated lost and found department ... employees whose ENTIRE job is recovering guest's lost items... and they haven't found either item OR gotten back to us about our lost stuff. So that really negatively affects my overall Hyatt experience, sadly. I understand that NYE was really busy and a lot of people probably left stuff but I have called multiple times and they are well aware of me and what I am looking for.... how could they have not found either thing, almost two weeks later? Bogus. In short, the NYE party is a GREAT value but if you attend next year, MAKE SURE YOU LEAVE WITH WHAT YA BRUNG!!
