I've always been fond of Big Jones, but somehow they outdid themselves last Saturday evening with an absolutely perfect meal.  I continue to love the ambience that they create with the decor here, but it seemed especially appropriate for a very warm late-spring early dinner. The effect of the sun and heat surrounding the establishment really evokes the charming aura of the classy, genteel South. Additionally, every note of service was wonderful, from the cheery and accommodating hostess to the pleasant waitress who really knew her stuff, whether it was seafood or whisky or wine. Of course all of this sets the scene for the delectable food and drink, which was even more transcendent than ever before. I started with a gin julep (why didn't I think of that myself?) and the pickle sampler. As a longtime fan of briny wonders, I was dazzled, both visually and gustatorily, by this gorgeous array of cucumbers, asparagus, beets, ramps, dill greens, okra, onions, and two relishes. I loved them all, but the good old fashioned cucumber pickles were my favorite.  For dinner I chose the special touffe--not the crayfish version on the regular menu, but a version with scallops which the chef offered for the same price because crayfish were not available that day and apparently he feels strongly that touffe should appear on the menu every night. I wouldn't have ordered this dish with crayfish, but I love scallops and embraced the opportunity to sample a classic bayou favorite.  The touffe was so stupendously good that I nearly wept. It was filling and rich without being uncomfortably heavy, balancing the buttery richness with the brightness of crisp green onions and the lightness of fluffy white rice. The melange of Cajun seasonings was masterfully selected, and the substitution of scallops was brilliant. I can't praise this masterpiece highly enough. It was simply one of those magical food experiences when every bite seems like the best moment of your life, especially when sitting in a handsome restaurant across from your favorite person. While not quite transportive like the touffe, I found the Reezy-Peezy dish to be uniquely superb. Overall, this was hands down the best time that I have had at Big Jones, and among my favorite meals in the last few years.
