I cannot see a reason to give this fantastic place any less than five stars. You walk in and you smell the smokey smell of fire roasted meats wafting through the air. You are then greeted in a friendly manner and sat down in a dimmed light somewhat darken hued room. Our hostess was really nice. When she asked if we had any experience at Brazilian steakhouses and we said yes all she said was "Great then you know how the tokens work!" Somewhere between that moment and hitting the salad bar I notice a woman doing twirls on a trapeze floating around to get bottles of wine. How cool is that? Salad bar was huge and had many unique offerings that we hadn't come across yet at these steakhouses. Seared tuna, spicy shrimp salad, goat cheese, a big bowl of dried bacon, about six different kinds of olives, roasted garlic, and a sushi bar. The sushi was excellent to boot! So very very fresh! I really loved the shrimp, the unagi rolls, the garlic, and the olives. Oh yes the best item on the salad bar? Lobster bisque! So creamy and rich. Aaron S. and I kept joking about "I had the lobster bisque yadda yadda yadda". The hostess was awesome. There was an awkward 4-5 minute stretch of me waiting alone with an empty plate after I flipped my card while Aaron had to head to the restroom, she asked if I was okay, another minute passes and she then brings over a manager who asks me if I was waiting for anything in particular, so I said lamb. Then after he walked off she came back yet another time and assured me that I'd have the lamb in "just a moment". It was a really nice touch. As someone who works in the food service I really really appreciate superb service. The meats? All really good. Standouts were, their specialty "the most tender part of the top sirloin" oh man it nearly melted in my mouth. I loved the saltiness of it too, the tiny crunches of salt yum. The lamb too. Some of the best I have tasted for sure. Pork BBQ ribs? Dammed good. The sauce on them tasted apple-y. The sweetness also proved to be a palate cleanser. The bacon wrapped fillets. Also fantastic. These were the ones that really stood out to me, everything was deletable though. Their side of fried bananas were also dammed good. They use a Cinnamon glaze that really make them stand out from other fried bananas. What an experience. The only thing that I was upset with is that they don't do lunch here (anymore). (Oh yeah when Aaron signed up for the email list they sent him a 25% off coupon and it looks like they give a birthday coupon and other periodic coupons as well.)
