I'm not sure where to begin. I went with a couple of friends tonight and we were super hungry, I knew I was. I was brought here by a friend since he gave me a $10 off certificate. I imagined it to be a very southern style, go big, go home concept. I imagined big plates with lots of food. We had no idea what to order on the menu, everything looked good, but expensive nonetheless. So we decided to go with the family meal. $25 for 5 courses is a big steal since most of their dinner entrees were $20+. We also started off with the crab cakes. They were definitely amazing, especially the Louis dressing served with it. Although I was surprised to see only 2 tiny crab cakes since they were so pricey. I should've known better. Anyways, we started off with the Lakeside Fish Gumbo. Okay, this was TO DIE for! It was just what we needed on a cold night in Chicago. The seasoning and the fish and the bacon was just perfect. It was served with this yummy moist aromatic rice that was good by itself too! They were very generous with the amount of fish and bacon that was in the gumbo as well. The next course was the Skillet Cracklin' Cornbread. It was a mighty fine portion of cornbread with bacon and scallions on the bottom, heck the cracklin' part. I was a bit overwhelmed by corn bread because they served it before the gumbo course. Our third course was the Deviled Crab and Red Rice. The deviled crab was underwhelming, the smell and taste of white wine was too heavily present and the crostini that was served with it was sprinkled with way too much salt so they gave us some benne wafers instead which made the dish better. As for the red rice, this was a big hit in my book. It's just hands down so good. The sides of the caste iron cookware it came in was so yummy since the ride on the sides were a little crusty and burnt. The texture and taste of the sausage and the tomatoes were delicious! Our fourth course was the meatloaf with collard greens. The meatloaf was so yummy. The sides seemed to be breaded and I just kept grabbing for more even though I was so full. Although the collard greens were way too salty because of the smoked jowl. Lastly our dessert was baked apples. They served two apples on the plate and they did not look appetizing. They were brown and wrinkly with cream surrounding them. Unfortunately we just picked apart the apple and had a couple of bites. Overall the meal was okay. The family meal is definitely the way to go if you want to get a good deal out of it. Just make sure you're hungry. But what I noticed during the whole entire meal is that my friends and I kept grabbing for our water glasses. Everything just seemed over salted. They definitely seemed understaffed when I went, but everyone was super nice and seemed to go out of their way to help better your meal. I'm not sure if I'd go back again, I think I'd want to try their brunch. Anyways, I'm full for the rest of my life now!
