Came here on a Tuesday evening before a Pecha Kucha night at Martyrs on the suggestion of a coworker and we were pleasantly surprised. We jumped off the brown line and it was a 30 second walk over. We were seated immediately and ordered beers and a caiprinhia. The caiprinhia was strong but delicious. The bread basket was accompanied by this amazing spread that I swear it had crack in it, it was that delicious! So we had to get another basket. =) We ordered a bunch of food and we were all craving Cuban: - Tostones: "very authentic" according to our Cuban coworker - Rice and beans: tons of beans, not enough rice, mild flavor - Ropa vieja: sizeable portion, great flavor - Frituras de yuca: I've been craving yuca since my trip to Miami, and this didn't let me down. More hush-puppy than yuca frita, but just as refreshingly delicious - Garlic polenta: big portion, but very mushy/soggy, not a fan - Baked goat cheese: big portion, great flavor - Taste of Cuba: amazing portion of really good appetizers. Loved the croquetas and the sauce - Cafe cubano: so delicious! - Guava cheesecake: lots of guava, a thin layer of cheesecake, which we all preferred Our waitress (Lisa) was super nice and was always checking in with us. We told her that we needed to leave by a certain time and we were promptly served and presented with the check. Also, my water glass was never empty, which is a great sign, since I drink like a fish. As a side note, a party member asked for some more rice for his rice and beans and was charged extra for it. Sorta annoying, but oh well. Overall, great service and atmosphere, decent food, a little pricey, especially for the beer/liquor. I'll definitely be back, especially for the brunch that my coworker has been raving about. PS: make sure you walk all the way to the corner of Irving Park and Ravenswood, b/c there was a sign between the Brown Line stop and the corner that said "Cafe 28, 11-2" and was completely dark and abandoned. Very confusing - we would have left if my coworker didn't know better and kept walking.
