So I left the attached review on 11/19/2011 but it got taken down for no apparent reason and without any notice. I have heard http://Yelp.com is a scam and the reviews are very biased but I never really thought much about it. Now I know its true. I will never use Yelp again or believe any of the comments in here. No wonder this horrible restaurant manages to have such a good rating. Americans, beware!! They will cheat with the food you eat!! I'm a Korean born immigrant living in Chicago and I took a couple of my friends out to this place because I wanted to give them some "taste of Korea." The experience was absolutely horrible. The servers were so rude they refused to greet us or even answer our questions properly; they didn't even look at us in the eye! We sat down and ordered some Galbi (ribs) and Chadolbegi (Korean beef) because apparently, BBQ was what the place was known for. To my unpleasant surprise, Galbi was just a collection of some cheap scrap meat with bits and pieces of rib bones lying around. and Chadolbegi meat was so hard I could not even chew on in -its supposed to be sliced paper thin and very tender. I could tell the meat was sitting in the fridge for a very very long time. When I protested, the server INSISTED that it was the proper way of serving and I don't know what I'm talking about because supposedly I've "never had it before" !!! When she found out I was Korean, she still insisted I didn't know jack shit because I was too young (I'm 25)!! When I told her I have been to many Korean restaurants and this kind of food and service were unacceptable, she gave me this look "so what the hell can you do about it." So here is my response. I was so embarrassed that was the kind of people place that could potentially represent, or at least, give first impressions of Korean culture to Americans. Do not go there people. They will try to cheat you with food. And I can see many reviewers left many positive comments even though they acknowledge their experience wasn't entirely a pleasant one. To that, I say there is a difference between being tolerant and open to other cultures, and just being a douche. You know the place sucks. Don't promote it.
