My business partner and I went in for a Man Date before his second baby arrives, so we figured something porky beery loud and energetic would hit the spot. His wife mandated that we go to The Publican, so we did. A sour red Flemish beer with dark baked bread and house pickles opened the table, and they were delicious. We went a little overboard, with a plate of oysters, ham trio, fries with eggs, sardines, suckling pig, gem salad, duck livers and hearts, summer beans. Foods arrived one at a time, meant for sharing. I don't know who chose the order, but it wasn't the order we requested it, which was just fine with us. The suckling pig was a tiny portion for $23, maybe two thin 3" diameter slices of meat with 2-3 mushrooms in a salty buttery herb sauce. Very tasty, but hard to tell that this was supposed to be an expensive dish. Duck hearts and livers was even more lost, with tattered bits of liver instead of lobes or half lobes, with quartered or halved black figs, plums and citrus supremes (not pitted well either!). The dish lacked direction, was a mess on the plate, difficult to eat (everything slid around or was too delicate to spear). Sardines were wonderful, wrapped in grape leaves, served topped with halved grapes and pine nuts. Ham was delicious and served with goat butter, but considering it's prepared off-site and simply served here, I can't in fairness give the restaurant points for it. The summer beans were divine, tender without being mushy, wonderfully seasoned. Gem salad was a salt bomb. I get it that the place has many many beers available, but you don't have to salt me like a hole in the wall to keep me drinking the $9 beers! Oysters were tasty, served with lemons and a mignonette, no cocktail sauce or tabasco, thankfully. But the star of the table were the fries and pork rinds. The fries were perfectly cooked in animal fat, as if you'd lovingly made them at home. The egg yolk was very slightly overcooked, but still plentiful for dipping and sopping. Ordered without the egg, the fries come with an aioli. The only thing that would have made the fries better was a side of creamed spinach under the egg. And now the pork rinds. What on earth do they do to that poor pig skin to make these rinds so airy, crisp, minimally porky (sadly) and almost fat free? It's some sort of magic. Slightly questionable was the heavy dusting of something that resembled a spiced up cheese powder. Every table should get an order, and then an extra order to go. We ended with the waffle. It waffled and was very light and airy, not too sweet or salty. Almost palate cleansing in its simplicity. The joint is LOUD. Our waitress was fantastic. Our bussers were a bit frantic and overexcited to get plates out of the way. Yes, I would like to eat those last 5 fries, just like I wanted to eat that last $3 slice of ham! I'll go back for a snack, but not for a meal. We spent 2.5 hours there for $200, and still felt a bit hungry at the end. Except for the ham, these were cheap ingredients expensively handled, and in the end that just left me feeling slightly exploited (to avoid using a two word term with first letters being R+O).
