I dragged my poor Chicago friend here another night during my visit. She was getting pretty sick of all the beer places I wanted to go to by this point, but she was a good sport about it. We walked in, and the bar area was just jammed. It wasn't looking like a go. But then we squirmed our way to the back, and saw that a couple tables were available. The hostess made certain we were aware that in order to sit back there, we'd have to order food. Hey, no problem, you don't have to twist my arm with that! Honestly, even though I'd read the reviews, I was still a little surprised that this place came off as slightly trendy and upscale. Not that that's necessarily a bad thing - hey, beer can be classy too - but it was almost like a place I'd expect to find in a Colorado ski town. Thankfully, upon scanning the menu, I saw that I wouldn't be paying Vail-style prices. OK, bring on the beer! Here, I strayed from my drink-local focus for my trip, as several beers were available on tap that I'd had out of bottles before, but had never before seen on draft. My theme was "Beer from Coast to Coast." I started out with Lost Abbey's Devotion, an excellent Belgian-style golden ale out of S. Cal that to me tastes of tangerine, allspice and cinnamon. I followed that up with Calabaza Blanca from Jolly Pumpkin, Michigan's premier brewer of sour, barrel-aged Belgian-style beers. I capped my beer exploits with Sah'tea from Dogfish Head, probably my favorite East Coast brewer. Oh wait, we ordered food, didn't we? Indeed - the brisket sandwich on pumpernickel was outstanding. The pink slices of smoky beef were mouthwatering, and the spicy mustard and fresh-tasting bread only served to amplify the beef's flavor profile. Portion size was ample, a common theme in all the Chicago restaurants I visited. The service was attentive and friendly. Apparently, the bartenders here have a bit of a reputation for being pretentious dicks, but back in the dining area we experienced none of that. Pretty cool place. I wish I knew of a gastropub at home that takes beer & food this seriously. That whole concept hasn't really "hit" down here yet.
