This review is for afternoon tea only. My Mom and I love afternoon tea. We go whenever possible no matter what city we're in and usually the Ritz no matter the city is outstanding. It's usually a safe bet for excellent service and quality. Not so here. Now, I'm familiar with the Chicago Ritz. I've dined here many times for dinner and the greenhouse room is a gorgeous place to stop by for a drink (pink champagne is a must). But the tea? Expensive? Yes. Worth it? No way. So disappointing! Everything had been pre-done the night or days before and then must have sat in a refrigerator. It tasted like it too. It had that old food taste. And not just the soggy and stale sandwiches. Everything tasted old. My Mom thinks now that her salmon turned. She later complained of a stomach ache from something but we're not too sure what got her ill there. I probably dodged that bullet because after my one bite of turkey that tasted day old or older I was done with the sandwich portion. My poor Mom felt better the next day but had a bad night. So it was sort of like bad icing on a really nasty cake. There was nothing fresh. Even the scones seemed nuked and were cold in places rather than being recently baked. The rolls seemed pre-done somewhere else. And who eats a cold roll with hot tea? The tea was fair. I'm something of a tea snob and would guess they're buying in massive bulk at a cheap price. It's not Mariage Frres or anything high quality by any stretch of the imagination--but they'll charge you like it is. They treat their teas badly too. They plunked the green and the black teas down on our table at the same high temperatures and then let the leaves sit the entire hour we were there meaning the last cup of tea had turned bitter by then. It's like they filled the pots from the red spigot by the industrial coffee maker. This is not how tea has ever been served to us at any other Ritzes before. Each tea has it's own temperature and time. Usually this is completely respected and every attention is paid to the finest of details. Uh...not here. Add to that not one of the three servers working the entire room could give us any help in tea selection. We each said what types of teas we enjoyed and asked them to recommend some things and the servers went and asked each other before deciding they couldn't "decide for us" Huh? Hoookay...... I asked for milk for my tea (East coast girls don't do cream XD) and it took over twenty minutes for the milk to arrive. The ONE time tea was poured for us (the first), (and the pots were HEAVY--too heavy for my Mom so I had to pour for her the entire time) was when I was in the ladies room. I came out to find tepid tea waiting for me. I also couldn't find a server to help when my cup had a huge sharp chip on the rim. After ten minutes of looking around, I gave up and drank from the other side. Ridiculous to have to do that at $30+! One of our water glasses had someone else's old lipstick on the rim. Yuck. We kept asking each other is this the Ritz? Srsly? Ew. Pretty room. Bad service. Bad quality. Horrible after experience with my Mom getting ill. Next time I'll try somewhere else. This is not worth it at all.
