This was my first ever Korean BBQ experience! I don't know how I've never been to one of these places before, but my dad has been telling me for months now that we had to go, so finally, late last Tuesday evening, we did. I'd been driving past this place for years but never really noticed its existence, so I have to say I was a little surprised at how nice it looked on the inside. I can't imagine wanting to sit on the floor for a heavy meal like this, but I love the look of that seating area, and the fact that the 'chairs' still have backs. We ordered the seafood pancake, short ribs, and marinated beef strips, but before any of that came, they brought us no less than 24 little dishes of vegetables, one thing that looked a little like lasagna, some noodle-looking things, and many other items I couldn't identify. I didn't try all of them, or even close to, but only because I don't like spicy food and about half the dishes had that red-speckled look to them. The seafood pancake was good until I saw the little squid tentacles and had to stop eating it (squid freaks me out, no idea why), but both the meats more than made up for it. It was very exciting cooking our own food, though the short ribs were a pain since they stuck really severely to the grill, and the bits that wouldn't come off just built up and burned on. Luckily, about halfway through, they came and replaced the grill. While the food was delicious, be warned, this is stressful dining at its finest. If you don't want to bother yourself with making sure you're not burning the meat every five seconds, this might not be for you. It was fun, but if the reason I'm going out is to have great food AND conversation, I'd go somewhere the food came to me completely prepared. There isn't much talk when one person is busy putting the meat on the grill, and the other is busy taking it off again seconds later. Also, I have to say, I didn't have problems with the service. The staff was very nice and helpful and didn't try to hurry us along at all. The only thing remotely wrong was the fact that it took a few minutes for them to bring us the check once we were done, but since we were still picking at our food, it makes sense that they thought we were still actively eating.
