Two words. Historic tower. Yes. If you are going to stay at the Intercontinental- you must stay in the historic tower. The Intercontinental Chicago is really two hotels in one. The historic tower was built in 1929 and was originally the Medinah Athletic Club. The "north tower" or main building was actually another hotel that was built in 1961 and was acquired by the Intercontinental and joined together. Thus the style differences between the two towers. While the historic tower costs more, in my opinion, it is worth the money. Look for deals (especially if you are staying over a weekend). My room rate was only $99 a night (had a Groupon for one night and found a deal for the other) This cheap rate got me a standard room in the main tower- but after a little dealing upon check in- I was able to get a corner room in the historic tower for a nominal upgrade fee. My room was lovely. A SE corner room with two windows- one looking over the river and one facing east with views of the lake and Navy Pier. Perfect for a getaway weekend. The staff at this hotel was on their game. Late night room service came within the promised 20 minutes. The valet brought my car around in 5 minutes, turn down service was followed up on, and the doorman was quick to take care of my every need. So why not a perfect score? I think they were a little cheap in some areas and as a frequent traveler, I expect alot. I'd rather pay a little more for the room and not be "nickel and dimed" to death throughout my stay. For example- they charged $17.95 a day for wi-fi, there were no high end toiletries in the bathroom, they were missing some expected amenities (complimentary water in bottles, q-tips, shower cap and cotton balls) . Even the business center charged for wi-fi- crazy! And the worst thing? Overnight parking in the hotel cost $53 a night. That's highway robbery and the same price is given for the public as those staying in the hotel. My advice? Drop your bags off with the bellman and then park around the corner in one of the cheaper lots. All in all, the Intercontinental is a great hotel and the location can't be beat. Just know before you go that it's the little things that are going to add up during your stay so plan accordingly.
