Now I remember why I like Chicago so much! Besides the great selection of restaurants in the city, the biggest thing the Second City has over L.A. (the Snob City) is class. I stopped by here on a Friday night around 7pm (prime time hours) as I had read some reviews online and was curious to try it.  It's a lot smaller than I expected inside but as I was poking my head inside to see if there was any space at the bar (there wasn't), the hostess saw me and asked me if she could help (first difference: in L.A. the hostess is trained to NEVER notice you unless you're an A-list celebrity). I told her that I was looking for a space at the bar and as we both looked again she asked me if I wanted a table (second difference: in L.A. the hostess is trained to NEVER ask you if you want a table). I said yes but told her I didn't want to take up a whole table seeing as how busy it was (thinking there maybe some tables in a hidden back area---there isn't). She pointed me to the communal table near the door where there was a spot available and promptly seated me (third difference: in L.A., even if a table is available, you're always told it will be a 45 minute or longer wait to be seated).  It took a few minutes for the waitress to arrive but that gave me time to peruse the menu of tapas items and the extensive wine list. As I just wanted to try the place, I ordered the Arancini with peas and the Milk Braised Pork Shoulder with mashed potatoes. Both were excellent but I was surprised at how large of a portion the Pork was (the waitress said it was 8 oz but I'm not sure if she was joking). It was very tender and flavorful and the mashed potatoes were very creamy.  This place offers a great selection of cheeses (most people were ordering at least one dish) and is very meat-centric, so if you're a vegan or vegetarian, I wouldn't suggest coming here except to drink wine. It is all Tapas style so I'm not sure I would come here for a full meal as I'm an old-fashioned guy (appetizer, entree, dessert for me!) but they do a great job with it. The busboys seemed a little overwhelmed as I never got any bread until I asked the waitress for some (even though I saw the busboy serving others). No worries as you're here for the meat and cheese and wine. Great friendly service and good food so what else could you ask for? Prices average about $8-10 for each tapas and about $5 for beer, $6-19 for a glass of wine. Oh, and this place seems to cater to a movie/theatre crowd as more tables/spaces became available as I was leaving around 8pm.....
