Is any dinner worth $175-200 a head? This one was...but it was much more than a dinner - just a fantastic experience. I loved how they let us swap in dishes from the main menu into the tastings. So accommodating and flexible, and at no additional cost. The no additional cost thing was one of the themes of my night as they kept piling on the free courses. On top of our 6 course tasting menus, we got 2 amuse bouches, a pre-dessert, all the post dessert candies we could want from a cart, a cake bite with candles for my birthday, a black pepper rootbeer float, some amazing truffles with the check, and muffins to bring home on our way out. That's like 8 extra courses. Some of the high end places only give you a little bit of the fancy bread, but not Tru. DEFINITELY got our money's worth and left with bellies full. The other theme of the night was the service. Completely seamless, high class, and beyond professional (although just a tad bit stuffy). When you go to the bathroom, someone will escort you ALL the way there. Someone else will fold your napkin, brush off your seat with it, then dispose of it, while another person brings in a brand new napkin holding them with a set of tongs so that it is pristine virgin for you to wipe your mouth with when you get back. I loved the tongs trick - hilarious. They sweep the crumbs off your table after every course, even if there aren't any. They will never, ever reach over you to present a dish or clear one. And when they pour your water, they do it in unison with multiple staffers. I've been to plenty of the other fine dining establishments and while most try to achieve a similar level of service none were as top notch as Tru. I imagine this is what being a king is like. And I haven't talked about the food. Every course was simply fantastic. We asked to swap in the ribeye and short rib into our 6 course tastings and they were fantastic - real stand outs. The porcini pasta course was also something to remember. Very complex flavors throughout each dish, but nothing too strange or unfamiliar or trying too hard. The desserts, candies, and truffles were especially good, with distinct, interesting, and sometimes unusual flavors. If I could eat here every week, I would. But for a splurge, this is definitely the place to go. It could even be the place to go for just a plain nice dinner if you don't mind spending a lot and getting a lot.
