Ok, I will be honest and let you know I know one of the owners. That being said, I throw that out and focus on my experience. So. I came here last Sunday after a very long and fuzzy night. I was tired. I was a little hung over. I just wanted to curl up and lay in bed. Yet I had to meet a friend here for breakfast. Why do I do these things to myself? So I ventured off and got here shortly before they open. There was already a bunch of people waiting for it to open as well, they seemed a little more perkier then me, perhaps they had gotten some sober sleep. I sat at the counter and my friend joined me a few minutes later. She was going to show me the ropes. We decided to order our own breakfasts and then get two pancakes, one each of a different kind. Our server was smiling and friendly, checked up on us often and refilled her coffee frequently. I went with the breakfast burrito, my friend went with the BLT and we went with the chocolate carrot cake and the pumpkin pancakes. I had heard how rich they were so I was glad that we only got two. We chatted while waiting, then our food came. First was her food and the pancakes. Mine came a minute later, but we looked at the pancakes. "Did we order the lemon coconut one?" "I can't remember what I said two minutes ago, either way its fine, it looks good." Then my food came, with another two pancakes. Apparently I was trying all of them that morning. Why did I have that last beer? We ate. It was great. I love the fresh salsa that came with my burrito and my friend's dish was delish. The pancakes were sweet. They were rich. They were damn tasty. I found I loved the coconut one and the pumpkin the best, the coconut was refreshing and I appreciated that. What I didn't appreciate the way I tried to eat everything. I didn't, I couldn't but I tried. And I left way too full. Though it was full and packed, I have to say this, people have in previous reviews about lingering here after breakfasts, I disagree. This is a small place, a lot of people want to eat here, the servers want to make money and for all of that to happen, they need to turn tables over. No one was rude, they were all really great, at least the ones I dealt with. I just would never linger unless there was no one waiting for a table. But there was, we did and I will be back.. hopefully more sober and not so stuffed leaving.
