It's your birthday, u-ha! It's your birthday! Your dinner is on the house! Oh yeah, it's your birthday! So my BFF wanted MEAT for her birthday. Hell, when she told me he dinner would be on the house (join the email club! they send you a free dinner certificate!) I jumped on not having to think about anything clever to do for her. Picked her up, had reservations, got seated in less than 5 minutes. Nice. Meat started coming around. Wait! We want to hit the awesome salad bar! Seared tuna and all the fresh veggies really rocked my world! My plate was so full, there was no room for MEAT! So they brought me another plate and started piling on the lamb chops and filet mignon! Yum! Of course, I can't eat much after all the salad and fixins... That's OK, I'm suppose to be on a diet I'm OK with my lamb and beef. Not enough room in my tummy to taste chicken or pork, sorry. One small issue, which is really not an issue for most people, is that they were hounding us. Our server was super nice but even after we told her no more meat but we would like to go back up to the salad bar since we were taking a break, she still continued coming by and then cleared up our settings. I was kind of upset and so was the birthday girl. Kind of rush feeling which sucked since there were only about 7 or so tables in this huge restaurant... there was no reason other than they were closing soon to rush us. Other people were still eating... whatever. Next time we'll get there earlier than 8 so that we've got enough time to peruse the salad bar for some cheese and stuff. To wrap it up: there is just way too much food, there is no way you can sample everything, and it's super expensive although if you're paying half off for 2 people it's more reasonable. Definitely a place for special occasions only. They validate parking. Parking was $25 and we paid $11 across the street which is pretty awesome for down town. We even went for a nice walk around the area although everything was closed by the time we left. If you haven't been here, try it out if you love meat. Plus bring a huge pocketbook to afford the wonderful wines and desserts offered for an additional charge.
