We had dinner last night at the new Gilt Bar. My reviews are based strictly on food, but I will note the hostess was very accommodating and friendly which is a great thing when you walk into a restaurant that's a little bit on the higher end. Our waitress was nice and attentive as well. I had a couple of vodka tonics and my date had a few glasses of wine (both enjoyable). We ordered four dishes off the menu: Pasta : Purist w/local Parmesan - this dish was one of two reasons I gave the restaurant three stars instead of four. Although the pasta was fresh...it basically tasted like butter pasta and something you could make at home in a few minutes. I didn't really taste the Parmesan. I will say I had a friend try the restaurant earlier in the week and enjoyed the clams and chorizo pasta (next time for sure!). Meat and Seafood: Mussels w/dry vermouth- they gave us a nice serving of mussels which were fresh and enjoyable. Chicken with oregano, pepper and garlic.- This dish was equally as good-- very fresh, chicken was cooked well and was yummy. Sides: Brussel sprouts- again nice size portion, were fresh and added well to the meal. How many times can I use the word "fresh" to describe something? What can I tell you that's the first word that comes to my mind when describing the food here. Desert- Unfortunately desert never made it to our table. We ordered it, but after 20 min we gave up. This was not the servers fault, but I think their still working on the kinks in the kitchen. The food runner showed up at our table on three different occasions with two entrees (all after dinner) and one desert that was for another table. You could tell he was working hard, but just had been pointed in the wrong direction by the ticket. It was too bad b/c this vanilla ice cream with what looked like brownies in it looked good. It had a birthday candle it in so I would of felt bad at the time if we would of accepted it. TOO BAD. Overall I would go back and recommend this place...I definitely would go here over the Bristol any day of the week as the food on the whole was good and the staff was not snotty which was a big plus. (see my review on the Bristol).
