Being a big fan of Avec and Publican, I had high expectation of Gil Bar, which is closer to where I work, seems a notch cheaper in every aspect, and seemed like it could pass for a Publican's little brother. From my experience last night, I think it can pass for an imposter trying to be Publican's little bro, but there were one too many misses to make this a true destination.  Good stuff - thoughtfully curated beer list and extensive drink list. The decor is also pretty cool in a rustic-yet-modern kinda way without being overly pretentious. The beer prices are reasonable for the offering + location. Meh stuff - the food is hit and miss. Bone marrow is definitely an unusual offering, but I didn't think it was gush-worthy. The white fish dish was amazing, and the hamachi crudo was also well done. On the other hand, the pork meatballs were bland and flavorless. Whatever bread that came with the dishes (like mussels, bone marrow) were done to a crips, but not the pleasant kind, but hurts the roof of your mouth kind. Ironically, their side dishes (the cauliflower, frites) were much more consistent. Bad stuff - some of the cocktails, like St. Germain, was totally off-balance. None of the balanced elderflower nuiance, but overpowering tart, and sourness. For $10 cocktail, it was definitely underwhelming. The worst of the night, however, was the coal-grilled rib-eye. At $1.70/oz, at 17oz portion, it was the most expensive item on the menu, but I honest think it was the worst piece of steak I've ever had in a Chicago restaurant. Ordered medium-rare, it was completely blackened-charred (not the appetizingly charred kind, but it-may-cause-cancer kind) on the outside and fatty all in the wrong places. The final blow was how underseasoned it was and how mushy the red-part was. Instead of a hearty, meaty flavor I expected, what I got was a burnt, mushy, blandness in every bite. I made a complaint to the server, and she simply mused, "well, i told you it was an untrimmed cut" as if it's supposed to be this way (I'm not sure if she seriously thought this might have been the first piece of steak I've ever had in a restaurant in my life), and even after repeated complaints, made no attempts to do anything about it, except for increasingly/visibly annoyed attitude and more mumbling about the virtues of untrimmed cut. There is a world of difference between being well-marbled and being simply fatty. Overall service is also a mixed bag. When we arrived at 6pm on Tuesday, it was about half-empty and service was prompt and food/drinks came within reasonable time. We kept ordering rounds of drinks and more food. By 7:30pm, the place was packed, and it seemed to take about 15 min for drinks (not cocktails, but just bottled beers!) and forever for the foods.  Being seated at the large table next to the bar in the main area, I was tempted many times to just go order with the bartender at that point. Given the lack of any attempts to do anything about complaints and the slowness of service, we flagged down the server (who we haven't seen for the past 30 min) to settle the bill. Perhaps if I am very strategic about when i come, use my power of ESP to avoid all the poorly made drinks and subpar food, AND got lucky with getting a decent server, Gilt Bar definitely could have been one of my favorite desitations in the area. However, given the one-too-many landmines buried in the experience, I'll have to take a pass.
