Hype, more hype, c'mon it's just a hot dog stand. If you get beyond the hype, it still makes the cut. Think about it, clean, dependable, retro, car-hop and decent eats. Ok, we can argue what is a traditional Chicago dog, this place trancends all of that.   Has any another hot dog stand gotten better over the years? I can name less than a handful and Superdawg is one of them. They haven't let the place go, a few years ago they updated, same look and style. Wow, now they have a little place to sit inside and all the car-hop speakers should work. The new car covers were the biggest deal to incorporated. Other than just driving by this place once in awhile, I've been lucky in living a life having Superdawg along the route to O'Hare. Some get their fix coming back at Gene and Jude's, I think my option is a whole lot better. So they have frozen crinkle and not a Vienna, I'll survive. They were using a Best Kosher Sinai 48, it was an awesome dog until Sara Lee recently discontinued the brand name. A comparative alternative would be a Hebrew National, I don't know what they are using now. Either one of those skinless dogs are so much better in taste than a Vienna and a Red Hot Chicago dog. You lose the Chicago accustomed encased snap of Vienna, you gain a flavorful dinner sized dog. The dogs seem to taste a little different these days and not on the positive side. If asked, they will say that they had a variety of companies over the years making their dog based on a family recipe. Whatever, the link below is an article on Best Kosher being discontinued and that Superdawg was using them. Go ahead and google "BEST KOSHER SUPERDAWG", you'll find a few more listings stating that they were using the Best Kosher Sinai 48. http://www.bukisa.com/ar The circus, just go for the circus. It doesn't seem that retro to me, that style is seen frequently these days, but still, it adds to the experience. The car-hop concept is rare in these parts, hopefully you have leather seating. You order from a speaker and they come out to your car with the food. If you are in a hurry, a walk up window is available with the limited climate controlled enclosed seating and a few metal picnic benches outside. I have perfected eating the boxed meal and driving before getting home without getting grease on the steering wheel or anyplace else. They do cram those fries in, they can get hot and they squash the bun. You wanna go to a place with goofy names on the menu, they won't let you down. I've tried everything up and down the menu and I always gravitate back to the Superdawg, it really fills you up. Ya, I'll get a shake ever so often.
