I love the strip of restaurants that seems to keep growing and evolving in Andersonville and when I saw this new place pop up I was anxious to try it. Admittedly - it had several of the gliches that new restaurants often do (mostly to do with the service - our server was nice but obviously nervous making her slow at times and unsure of her responses - for instance two of the three of us ordered a cocktail and the third ordered a bottle of wine to start on which we all intended to share once we had finished our first drinks to which she replied that she needed to make sure that it was okay seeing as she was told she could not serve more than one drink at a time to a person???? It ended up being just fine but it was awkward).  With that being said -the food was delicious! I got so excited when they put boiled peanuts on the table to start instead of bread. When I was visiting my fiance's family in the low country of South Carolina - they sold these at every corner and it was a nice little touch. We tried the pulled pork on grit cakes, blue crab salad with johnny cakes and the barbequed shrimp for appetizers - all of which we left nothing on the plates. I had the pork chop with this phenomenal relish concoction, cayenne mashed potatoes, and corn and jalepeno succotash and I can't say enough good things about it. One of my friends had grilled soft shell crabs (instead of the traditional fried) and no one hesitated to help him finish. We did think that the dry rub version of the baby ribs was far too on the dry side for our taste - but the bed of fried okra it came on was so delicious that it nearly made up for it. The cafe au lait were served in HUGE mugs with simple syrup or some sort of naturally occuring from a root fat free sugar free version of the same (which I appreciated) and the desserts were just as yummy. We had read in previous reviews that the bread pudding was a must have - which it is - but that it was only big enough for one- they must have changed it since then because it was plenty to share. I have already made a reservation to go back with all of my friends when my fiance can be there to enjoy some of his favorite foods with us.
