LOVED my experience here, and I'm definitely coming back when in Chinatown. Ever since my time carousing Ghost Street in Beijing (known for its vast array of restaurants from the Sichuan, Hunan, etc provinces), I've had a serious hot pot addiction. I finally got a chance to relieve that craving when a large group of my friends went on a Thursday night a little after Chinese New Year. My boyfriend and I ordered the deluxe hot pot while the rest of my friends ordered various dishes. I must say the hot pot hit the spot! The portions of proteins & veggies to cook in it were very generous, and the sauces were great. The only thing I would have wished for was if the chili broth was spicier. I love that tingly, cool effect that Sichuan peppercorns yield when in hot pots, but I wasn't getting it. So I'm thinking it's either 1) there were just normal peppercorns in my hot pot, 2) the guy kept diluting our concentrated broth with more water, so the heat wasn't as intense...maybe because I was sharing with the white boyfriend, or 3) the friend next to me voiced some serious concern over how spicy her order would be and perhaps the staff extrapolated her concern with the rest of our group. Either way, it wasn't the end of the world because everything was still pretty tasty. Despite my large portions, I had to taste all of my friends' food as well. The lamb with cumin was amazing! On top of the quality food we were feasting on, a man who must have been the manager (I'm guessing...) was wielding around this golden weapon prop from the Chinese New Years parade for some guests. We were amused and took notice, so he approached us explaining he has so many leftover things from the parade he hasn't brought home yet - pointing out the large Chinese drum near the doorway. We must have looked fairly curious about it because he then greeted the whole restaurant a happy new year and started playing on the drum for an astonishing performance. Our table was so entertained, and it didn't stop there! He wanted to show us the parade lion as well, so he had staff from I'm assuming Lao Beijing come over with it. He then put it over his body to dance like how it's done in the parade! It was pretty awesome. Guess I don't feel so bad I missed the festivities over the New Year weekend, Lao Sze Schuan made our diverse group feel like we were part of the celebration anyways!
