This would be the third stop on our madcap dining run through Restaurant Week. And really it was a total asspull. I had never really looked at this place, didn't Yelp it, just chose the first place I saw on the list that was both north of Division and not an Italian joint. And I figured, it has steak in the name, what could possibly go wrong? The answer was "not very much". Let me get the few quibbles out of the way quickly. At points the service was a bit slow. I don't blame that on the server, as he was seemingly always in motion with two large groups and some small tables to deal with. I thought it a bit odd that you couldn't get two different empanadas for the Rest. Week appetizer (you could choose from three different ones, but only choose two of the same apparently) but oh well. Mostly this was a very positive experience. Our server was very friendly, explained the menu quite well, gave some good suggestions on what to get, and generally kept things going well.  For first courses we tried the empanadas w/chicken, rice, peas, and carrots. These were quite tasty, and the chimmichurri sauce, esp. the spicy version, had quite a kick. I had the Aborrajado, which I am relatively sure is Spanish for "freaking awesome" but I could be wrong. Plantain = guava paste = melted cheese = NOM NOM NOM! The main courses were meaty affairs. The mrs. went with the Matrimonio, a combination platter of the Entrana skirt steak and the chicken breast. We both thought the chicken was nice, with the hint of garlic and white wine from the sauce being a nice subtle note. I, being a meat loving sort of man, went for the Entrana on its own. Both platters came with fried plantain, yuca, and potato by the way. The Entrana was excellent. Usually with this sort of cut you end up thinking "wow, this was salty" or "wow, this was tough". Here though I just thought "wow, this was excellent!" The meat was very flavorful, but with the meat flavor being paramount. The cut was juicy and tender. And the portions were substantial. Dessert was a bit of a disappointment. They were out of a few of their desserts, including the passion fruit mousse that sounded really good. I had the flan which was passable, but nothing to sway things one way or the other. We had some poached figs as well, though by that point only a tremendous dessert would have been worth further gorging. The figs were easy enough to take a few bites of and then push away. I debated long and hard where this ranks, due to Yelp's damnable whole-star rating system. I guess since I would have gone 3.5 on this, and I really did enjoy that steak a hell of a lot, I can go with four stars. After all, they don't send out a bill on how many stars you give out in a month, right? I could see this getting a bit hairy on a weekend, as just a couple large groups did slow things a bit here on a weeknight. But again, a small quibble. Go here. Eat steak.
