My wife and I received the worst service we have ever experienced at any restaurant last night at Las Tablas. I seriously thought we were on candid camera and they were just trying to see how much we would take before we walked out or threw a glass at our waiter.We went to Las Tablas because we bought the groupon. We have been 3 or 4 times before and used to love this place at the old location and enjoyed the new location previously and had no issues and always loved the food.Last night started by a short wait, which was no surprise and just fine for a friday night. We sat at the bar. We sat there for 10-15 minutes and not once did the bartender ask if my wife or I would like a drink. I stared at the guy while he walked back and forth in front of us, washing glasses, serving a few other people, and never once making eye contact with me. There was not a large crowd at the bar, and at one point we were the ONLY TWO PEOPLE at the bar and still not a word or eye contact. My wife remarked how strange it was while we were still seated at the bar.We were then seated by the hostess in less than 15 minutes, which was great. but then we waited no less than 15 minutes before our waiter showed up at our table. At that point we had had plenty of time to choose drinks, appetizers, entrees, etc. We ordered everything including a glass of cab for myself. We again wait no less than 15 minutes before our waiter shows back up with my wife's drink but informs me that they have no cab, only merlot. At that point, I should have been 2 or 3 drinks into the evening so i said that would be fine.And I want to reiterate that though this was a friday night and we were using a groupom, the restaurant was not overly crowded and by the time we got our food the restaurant started clearing out and there were several empty tables, so this service was not a result of busy, just bad.Our appetizer and food comes out with no problem. The food was good as always. Then we wait....again. I had finished my first glass of wine between the appetizer and the entree and put my empty glass on the edge of the table so someone would get a hint. My glass sat there for the next HOUR until we left the restaurant. We did not see our waiter from the time he brought my drink to 30 minutes after we had finished our meal. After finishing our meal, with no sign of our waiter, we finally asked a bus boy for a take home bag. My wife got that back in a few minutes and it sat on the table in front of her for almost 30 minutes. I though that would be evidence enough, along with our cleared plates, empty water glasses, and still empty wine glass, that we were done and more than ready to get our check and get out of there. But no, we waited and waited until I finally spotted our waiter and flagged him down. With very little spoken if anything he brought the check to us. I put in the groupon along with my credit card into the bill fold. We again waited no less than 15 minutes before the check sitting half on, half off the edge of our table, with the credit card sticking out, was finally picked back up to be charged (I had to flag this guy down again). He takes the check and comes back 10-15 minutes later with a check for the entire meal, no discount for the groupon. Of course I have to flag this $@#% down again and tell him that he did not discount for the groupon. He says "oh, you have a groupon?" This just about blows my mind as the groupon printout is a letter sized page that sticks out a restaurant billfold. This is when I just started laughing because halfway through the experience it was already bad, and it just continued to get worse and worse. Anyway, the guy goes back to his register brings me back a receipt showing he refunded my card, but needs my card again to charge for the meak minus the groupon. done and done. We walked in at 8pm, and didn't walk out until after 10pm. We were ready to leave at 9pm. worst experience ever. ruined my friday night. It would have ruined my weekend, but I figured writing this lengthy review/story would give me closure. obviously, I'm done with Las Tablas.
