Stayed here for 6 nights during the last week of April, 2011. My wife and I were traveling with our 2 kids, aged 3 1/2 and 9 months. Now, you have to understand, the main thing about this hotel is the location. You're not booking a room at the Ritz or the Waldorf/Astoria. It serves very well as a functional hotel, but if you're looking for 5 star quality, look elsewhere. Having said all of that, we enjoyed our stay here. The location is on Michigan Avenue, across from Grant Park. We booked through Expedia (if I remember right) and got the room for around $120 per night (average...remember, we checked in on a Friday). We got a room on the 4th floor (14 floors total in the place). The prior reviews are correct, the room is small...compared to other hotels out there. If you want to stay in your room the whole time, seek elsewhere. Our family of 4 was crammed, but we had what we needed. There is a mini-fridge hidden under the TV (hint: you can adjust the temperature using the thermostat on the back of the fridge). There is a coffee bar too so you can brew your own java. There's a flat-panel TV with plenty to choose from (several HBO channels included). The sink in the bathroom is no myth...it's SMALL. It's a round sink; I'd put it at about 10 inches in diameter (no exaggeration here...it's about as big as a soccer ball). That said, it does it's job...it's a sink people, not a hot tub! Speaking of tubs, there's one in the room (but it lacks jets, so it's just a tub, not a "hot" tub). The shower head needs an upgrade on the water pressure. My theory is that there's a pressure reducer in there, but that's just a theory...you decide for yourself. The toilet also does it's job well. Our room was on the Hilton side of the building, towards the rear of the hotel, so we had a decent view of the Sears (or whatever it's called these days) Tower. We were pleased with the room. The staff were very nice throughout our stay. The housekeeping folks were a little bland, but still tended to our needs (they were like mashed potatoes with no salt & pepper added). The valet guys were good to us. The daily parking rate was $37. That may sound excessive, but the Hilton next door is $55 per day. We were there for 6 days, so...do the math! The hotel restaurant was undergoing renovations while we were there, so we were provided a "complimentary" continental breakfast. Now, we all know what "complimentary" means here: the price is included in your room rate, so you'd better get down here every morning and scarf down all the pastries & coffee you can consume...AND WE DID JUST THAT! Seriously though, they could have provided nothing for breakfast, so we were glad to get what we got. There is an indoor pool at the Essex with a lifeguard on duty during regular pool hours. The pool is "heated", and by this I mean "not outside temperature". They have a chart with the pool temperature for guests to see. The average during our stay was 82 fahrenheit, but I disagree...I think "lukewarm" says it all. In any case, the pool is small, but adequate. There is also a sauna in the pool area, but sadly, no steam room. The do pipe in good music in the pool area too (mainly classic rock that isn't too "classic rock"...i.e. Freebird/Foghat/ACDC/etc). The exercise room is very good too. There's 3 bike machines, 3 treadmills, 2 or 3 Elliptical machines, plus several weight machines. There are a few TV's to watch while working out. As stated in the beginning, the location of this place is key. Grant Park is across the street, there's a Red Line train stop that's less than a 3-block walk away...you're staying on Michigan Avenue for Pete's sake! There are several places to eat within a 5-block walk as well. All in all, we enjoyed staying here and would recommend it to anyone that isn't too picky about the actual hotel they're staying at. Enjoy your trip!
