OK. My sweetheart is insistent on going back to Sunda. And, of course, I want to be accommodating to her. So, we go. This time, we make a reservation for 12:30 for lunch. As before, the hostesses had smiles and were courteous. They sat us immediately. Considering the extraordinary flavor and quality of the food, I was surprised that the place was not completely packed for lunch. On the main floor, it was probably 1/5 of the way full when we left.  When we arrived at lunchtime on Tuesday, the dining room was about 1/10th full; and, no one was seated at the sushi bar. Our waitress, Andrea, was very friendly, courteous, and extremely attentive. For her courtesy and positive attitude, we left a very generous tip. However, through no fault of hers, she is also lacking in how to SERVE. Sunda. You are not packed on a Friday night? You are not packed for business lunch? Your food is extraordinary. Absolutely fabulous. When are you going to invest in SERVICE? That is why your place is not packed to the rafters. And, with a location like yours, I suspect you are probably leaving millions of dollars per year on the table. This is the kind of place I would love to consult for. A few adjustments to the service product and, boom, they are on a wait 7 nights a week. Yes, the food and the presentation is that good. But, I digress. It's not what your girl did. It's all the things she DID NOT DO; and, through NO FAULT OF HER OWN, obviously has no idea to do.  That is MANAGEMENT'S FAULT for poor training; and, yes, when you drop $140 for lunch for two, with no alcohol, the SERVICE better be PERFECT. FYI, your blonde haired, clean cut, full suit floor manager never stopped by the table. However, to your 1/5 full dining room, he seemed to feel compelled to continually direct your bus staff to pick up dishes. I also never saw him with a smile. I'm not sure if that was you, looking through papers at the end of the bar with your partner, but you might want to pay more attention to WHY YOUR RESTAURANT IS SO EMPTY when your FOOD IS THAT GOOD. I emailed you back directly, Aeron, as we left our contact information on your comment card. And, I received no reply.  Be grateful for my sweetheart. She is the only reason we returned.
