First, let me start by saying that it took me two years (at 20 a paycheck- my favorite way to save for restaurant experiences) to save up for my trip to Alinea. Every since I found out that the best restaurant in the U.S. was in my favorite city, I knew I needed to go. This was my third Michelin starred restaurant, but my first three star, and it did not disappoint. I found securing the reservations through the ticketing system to be quite simple, and am hoping other restaurants of this caliber switch to this method in the future. My night at Alinea was perfection from the moment it began- from the gentlemen helping me out of my cab, to the few minutes I got to spend watching the kitchen work, and of course the food and the service. I'm not going to write a review explaining the food, but I did enjoy every course. There were certainly some I preferred over others, but nothing was bad or even close to bad. I agree with other reviewers that for several of the courses I wanted more than one bite, though I was definitely full at the end of the meal. My boyfriend and I did have the wine pairings with the dinner, and that is the only thing I regret. Neither of us are huge wine people, and therefore it was really too much wine for me. If I were to go again, I would probably do a bottle to share instead or try a few glasses from the pairing (if they do that, I did not ask). I did not love all 10 pairings, but enjoyed 9 of the 10. My favorite part of Alinea, besides the food of course, was admiring all of the beautiful pieces that were created to serve the food at this restaurant. Brilliant minds established this place, and everything about the design was perfect down to the smallest detail. I found the service to be excellent for my table, and all of the courses were well explained. We also had fun asking questions of the staff, and they had all sorts of fun stories and great laughes which added to our meal. I likely won't be back to Alinea, but only because it is cost prohibitive for me. If you have the chance to experience Alinea, I would make the trip- it was a once in a lifetime evening for me.
