5 billion stars for The James as my wedding venue. The James was an awesome venue. It isn't your typical wedding venue with pastels and white linens and chair covers with bows and ribbons everywhere, it is more contemporary and has a modern, stylistic feel. This is what my fiance and I wanted for our wedding, so the James was a perfect fit. We were sold as soon as we saw the reception space which has lighting included (adds to the drama) and an incredible black and white mural of the Chicago skyline. The food was incredible, too. Many of our guests said that they'd never had a better meal at a wedding. Receptions at the James are catered by David Burke's Prime, so the food is pretty spectacular (esp the filet mignon). The cost was suprisingly reasonable for the fantastic quality and venue, especially when compared to other hotels in the area. The professionalism was great, I had pretty specific requests for how the room was to be set up, etc., and Sinisa and his team executed everything perfectly. Before guests entered the reception dinner area, Sinisa took me, my husband, and my parents into the room so we could see how it loooked and it was dramatic and fantastic (very David Tutera-ish). It was a nice touch. The tasting was amazing, too. We were treated very VIP-ish throughout the experience. Responsiveness through email can be a little slow. However, during the 1-3 weeks leading up to the wedding, responsiveness was right on point. Email returns were within a few hours. I suppose these are the most crucial times for communication, so that was greatly appreciated and all in all they did a great job coordinating and setting up/breaking down the event. Awesome things about The James as a wedding venue: (1) The food is AMAZING (2) The price was way lower than other hotels in the area (3) The absence of the typical hotel wedding feel (i.e. white poufy linens and pastel chair covers & bows everywhere...blech) (4) The James Club for an after party (seriously, this was pretty awesome and I loved that you can have late-night snacks there and play pool) (5) VIP feel of the overall experience (6) free upgrade to a pimped-out suite for the bride or another guest of choice (7) dramatic pinpoint lighting included....lighting is way expensive if you bring it in yourself, and having the lighting really added something extra All in all, an amazing, fantastic venue that was a pleasure to work with. I definitely recommend The James to other brides in the future! I wish I had another wedding to plan so I could work with them again!
