In the style of Salt 'n Peppa featuring En Vogue "Yes, my [Pub] says he loves me, never says he loves me not Tryin' to rush me good and touch me in the right spot See other [pubs] that I've had, they tried to play all that mac shit But every time they tried I said, 'That's not it'." Whatta Pub, whatta pub, whatta pub, whatta mighty good pub! (It's a mighty, mighty good pub.) Mmmmm DAG! You know what I love most about The Publican? No matter what you decide to order here, the bartenders/servers will act like it's the best idea in the world. "Could I get the pub dog and a 1/ 2 dozen chef-selection oysters?" "FUCK YEAH you can!! Come over here. Let's hug." Slight digression ahoy. My dad and I have something very much in common. We both get a ridiculously huge kick out of being recognized by restaurant staff. He frequents this Greek family breakfast place back home and he comes in so often that every time the owner personally comes over to shake his hand. I go to the Publican so often that the bartenders and the host are doing exactly the same thing. Yes, I am fat and shameful. I'm now going to tell you about some points of interest about the Publican. By now you all know that this place is pretty much one big shine to the swine so I'm going to go with a little more off-the-beaten track type stuff. 1. They have the best Limoncello you've ever had. It takes like the Ferrara Pan Lemonhead blew a load right into your mouth. Way creamier and less acidic than normal Limoncello. Yes, this will probably get flagged but I'm rebel, Dottie. 2. When they have the Kusshi oysters on the menu - GET THEM. They are so tiny, adorable and fresh that you'll feel just like you're the Walrus in Disney's Alice in Wonderland and you have no remorse eating these precious, anthropomorphic little bites. http://www.youtube.com/w 3. They have one of the best bathrooms in the city. Each toilet has it's own little room complete with tchotchke in a glass cabinet for your viewing pleasure. The sink is a giant communal fountain deal with plenty of C.O. Bigelow's Lime and Coriander soap and lotion. And they have Dyson Air Blade hand dryers which could alone add a star to a review of any establishment. 4. You can buy a sixer of beer for the hard working people in the kitchen and they'll ring a bell to celebrate your generosity. 5. Every time I go to the bathroom (which is frequently because I swill a lot of beer) I am running an experiment to see if the staff will pick my napkin up off the chair, un-rumple it and neatly fold it on the table. They have not once forgotten to do this. I had no clue that was a point of service until I started coming here! 6. You can get one of the best hot dogs you've ever had each day from 3:30pm - 5:30pm! So that's it. Now that I've finished writing this I think I'm going to make a lot of loud noise in the kitchen until my roommate wakes up and then make her go to the Publican with me so I can try brunch.
