After all the raving reviews and abundance of media, I never thought Publican could live up to the hype. It was a Friday. Without a prior reservation, I called at 5 pm and asked if they have any seats available for 3. The hostess caught me by surprise and said there is one available right away. Finally, my chance to hop in and see what everyone has been raving about. We were promptly seated at the bar where the beers were being poured. I'm not sure if the pourer was a cicerone or not, but as I asked him about the recent Lagunitas' dinner, he pulled out the last remaining special and happily served it to me. Throughout the meal, our waiter served us various pourings on the house, to compliment our meals. I have never experienced such extraordinary service. I'm not one to walk around with my nose in the air, thinking I'm a big shot. I was dressed in a blue undershirt and jeans (definitely underdressed) and I was being treated as if I actually did matter to them. Apps: charcuterie, sardines, pork rinds We all decided to share the entire fare. The first courses consisted of the charcuterie, sardines and pork rinds (of course) The head cheese and morteau was delicate and amazing. The sardines, I believe pan fried, were slightly crispy but still soft enough to filet with the back of my spoon. When the Pork Rinds came out, they looked like normal pork rinds. These were dusted with cheese, when you take a big crunchy bite into these airy morsels, they suddenly become soft and full of piggy flavor. From what I remember about pork rinds, they are usually crunchy, flavorless and scrape the roof of my mouth. (not that I really ever eat pork rinds) Main: Sweet breads, ham chop The dishes were all brought out when they were ready. This was perfect, since we were sharing everything. Sweetbreads are usually a hit or miss. Either they are done right, or they taste like nothing but mushy fatty brains. The sweet breads here were cooked to a crispy perfection. I brought my 19 yr old Venezuelan cousin along. He doesn't speak any English. He took a bite of the sweetbreads, looked at me and said "Mmmmm good Chicken!" I was laughing so hard and said "yeah the chicken is pretty good." Then the gigantic ham chop came out. I wish I took a picture of this magnificent beast. I don't remember how many ounces the server said it was, but it seemed like it was just under 2 lbs. It was very buttery, soft and not too sweet. There were two rib bones served with it that had a perfect crust. This chop sent us into complete satisfaction. Our complimentary stout was served as a dessert, and was sipped on while we digested and reminisced over our degustation. (My cousin did not participate in our beer pairings) PS.... There is a Cicerone at The Publican. His name is Mike McAvena. He is currently working on earning his Master cicerone status, and hopes to achieve this in a year or so. There are currently only a few who hold this title, so I would definitely attend one of their many Sunday dinner pairings.
