Went here for the first time with my boyfriend after searching on Yelp for an interesting nearby restaurant that we hadn't tried yet. When we got there, there weren't many people in the restaurant but those who were there looked like the local crowd. There were 2 minstrels playing music, and a comforting decor with stained glass on one wall. So far so good. We ordered some drinks and dinner, and were surprised to see that on the back of the menu, there was a large advertisement for a free limo ride to and from the restaurant for groups of 6 or more. I can't remember the names of what we ordered that night, but we were so happy with both of our meals that we swore to come back and do the limo ride. As we were looking at the dessert menu, the owner of the restaurant came around and out of nowhere, tilted my head back and poured a shot of homemade plum brandy in my mouth and then did the same thing to my boyfriend! We were laughing hysterically because we were so caught off guard, but that made me want to come back even more :) A couple months later, we had plans to get together with 2 other couples for dinner, so I suggested Little Bucharest Bistro. We called to make a reservation with the limo service, and they did not disappoint. They were on time, picking up the 6 of us from a wrigleyville apartment, they let us take our drinks with us in the limo (which was also fully stocked), and graciously sat us as soon as we arrived. The dining room was much more crowded (it was a Saturday night) and there were once again 2 minstrels playing music. Everyone loved their entrees, were excited about the plum brandy shots after our meals, and this time we had a couple more surprises. The owner came out after our meal and stared clapping, so everyone else in the restaurant clapped to the same beat. He walks over to me, LIFTS me out of my chair, and carries me to the front of the room where there is a pile of dishes on a chair. With everyone still clapping, he takes a glass and smashes it on the floor toward the front room. He handed me a plate and I did the same! So much fun and hysterical. Before we left, he came over and thanked us for coming. I absolutely loved eating here, for the amazing food and the great atmosphere. I will definitely be going back and I recommend this restaurant to all my friends!
