Came here for an anniversary dinner with my wife. Celebrating two years and wanted a nice meal. There were some highs and lows but overall I would say it was a nice night. Starting with the decor it's very nice. The building seems like it's in the middle of nowhere and there's no sign, but you don't really need one. The nice light and furnishings grabbed our attention right away. The dark brown with the faded brick was very nice for the cozy space. We were sat by the window which was great but every now and then a car coming down the side street would temporarily blind us. Just something to keep in mind when picking a seat. The service was also very good. Our server was professional and conversational. He knew everything about each dish and happily answered questions. He was also very good at making sure we had enough wine and water. I was surprised that he didn't ask if we had ever been there especially b/c I wasn't sure what we were about to eat. There was no menu and no explanation of the theme of the dishes being served. Each dish was a surprise, which was nice, but I would've liked to have known why the dishes were picked. Seasonal? Theme? Whatever it may be. And now the food. I'll try my best to remember everything we ate, b/c like I mentioned above there were no menus to take home. We started with a tartar of salmon that I found very good. Smooth and salty it was a good palate teaser. We then had a whitefish, I can't recall the type, that was served in a cast iron bowl. I found it cooked quite well with a nice crispy skin. It sat in a small amount of stock that was made with mushrooms and had crispy apple strips on top to add a kick of sweetness. Very good. This was followed by my favorite dish of the night - baked scallop & crab with aioli served in a scallop shell. It was amazing. Creamy and rich. Next was a lobster bisque that I felt was fairly plain. It didn't have any punch to it, the small piece of lobster provided went away too quickly and the two pieces of fried sweetbreads were more chewy than savory. A small snack followed of toasted peppers that reminded me almost of edamame. Very fun and possibly a new party snack for me. This was followed by a rabbit dish that was my second favorite. The rabbit was cooked perfectly and seasoned so well I wanted so much more. A side of gnocchi also made it that much better. Next was the "extra dish" that was being offered that night called Duck Duck Goose. It was ok. Some seared duck breast and a duck croquette with a gooseberry. Next was wagyu beef shortrib that was very nice. The sauce was smoky and sweet and the serving was actually quite large. A small gorgonzola "cheesecake" was provided before desser that I enjoyed. It was quite creamy, had the kick of gorgonzola, and the nuts added almost a crunchy crust. The last dish, my least favorite, was dessert. Minus the fact that they put Happy Birthday on my wife's plate instead of Happy Anniversary, the food was just no good. The chocolate treats were fudge-like in texture but bland in taste and the tobacco ice cream was way too powerful. It felt like I was putting dip in my mouth. Not a good finish to the meal. Overall, only two bad dishes, two very good ones, and the rest were ok. You can get a very good prix fixe menu for a nice price b/c it's BYOB but don't expect knock you off your feet food.
