Brace yourself for a long review dear reader, I am an angry young woman, and I shall YELP to vent! Yelp Disappointment PERIOD The ambiance is good, the service was the worst I have ever experienced and the food just blatantly overpriced, over hyped and useless! So we walk in, with reservations. I am impressed by the decor and the size of the place! I have heard good things from Yelp, and I am excited about trying this place. So our hostess walks us over to a TINNNNEEEEEE, believe me TINEEE table in a corner for two people, so much so that my friends and i have touching knees ( not cool ), and worst so, the couple right next to us are right in our face too! We are embarrassed, they are embarrassed, I mean there is no way enough space for 4 people, and we don't know what to say! The hostess has mysteriously disappeared, we wait for our server to appear. 5 minutes wait, server comes.. could we have a different table please? No.. we are full up. Umm... I see some tables empty right there. We..eell, those are reserved! ok.. I gave up! Uncomfortable as we were by this breach of personal space, I was not going to let it ruin my soon to begin superior culinary experience. Well, I am about to be disappointed!! I will begin with the best- Complimentary Tomato Flatbread- Maybe they should make this a menu dish. It was really good! Verdosa Mixed Greens with Green Asparagus, Avocado, Confit Cherry Tomatoes & Shaved Mahon Cheese- The only highlight of my so called culinary experience. I would have it again. Spanish Omelette with Spinach,Potatoes & Saffron Aioli - Would be a decent dish, maybe, had it got Salt in it! Patatas Bravas Spicy Potatoes with Spicy Paprika Aioli- PLEASE dont call this a dish! It is a side.. and a poor man's over hyped, over priced one at that! Catalan Spinach, Raisins, Pine Nuts & Apples - umm.. blanched spinach stacked with green apples is NOT an appetizing dish,.. you DO NOT have to be Gordon Ramsey to realize that please! Arroz a la Cazuela Saffron Scented Broth with Maine Lobster, Chicken, Chorizo, Rabbit, Shaved Artichoke Salad & Piquillo Aioli- By far the ugliest, and most tasteless dish I have ever eaten! It was like they dumped all left overs together and brought it to us in a bowl, with a n enormous price tag. Please please avoid this dish. I don;t even want to talk of the desserts now.. sigh.. I have a terrible memory of the horrors! I will never ever go here again! But I must say the service sucked! We had the two dishes on our tinee table,a nd the server unceremoniously dumps another one, then one more.. and now there is no place for the 5th.. please can we finish one at a time?! The server appeared ONLY when we had waited atleast 10 minutes each time for him to grace us with his presence, never explained any dish and was just blatantly unconcerned. And with this, I cannot go on any more,... I hated the place.. and ohhhh... the Seasonal Sangria.. have it only if you LOVE Cinnamon.. thats all it has! And the Margarita with cucumbers, BITTER!!!! sigh.. now I am done venting!
