This may very well change to a five star review after my next visit, but since I've only gone once, for the Monday night family style dinner, I'll stick with "yay! I'm a fan" for now. As with Kyoto, I can't believe it's taken me this long to go to Sapori when it's just a short walk from home. That will be remedied with many future visits. This place really met my need for a cozy, warm restaurant with delicious comfort food on a cold Chicago night. I would never predict the warm, inviting atmosphere waiting for me inside by looking at the exterior of this place. I guess they're right when they say don't judge a book by it's cover, whoever they are. Anyway, on to the food. Yum. As I mentioned, we did the family style dinner, so we had lots of food. First of all, the bread is a good indication of what's to come. It was warm and soft on the inside with a nice crunchy crust. I love that they give you Parmesan cheese with the olive oil to make a pasty (and tasty) dip for the bread. We started with the grilled calamari and avocado crostini (the crostini was so simple but so good), moved on to minestrone soup and caprese salad (both good), then 3 pastas: penne with a tomato-ish sauce, pumpkin ravioli with butternut squash and pine nuts and spaghetti-ish noodles with a shrimp and a broccoli puree sauce. All were fantastic. The ravioli is so rich and decadent, which is offset well with the pine nuts and squash. My favorite was the one with the broccoli puree. Who'd of thought to puree broccoli for a pasta sauce? Not me, but I loved it. We finished with the bread pudding, which was very good, but I was so full by that point I really couldn't eat much more. We had plenty of leftovers; I definitely think the family style is a great deal. Our waiter was very helpful in his suggestions and was entertaining in his wittiness. As I mentioned, this place just oozes coziness. It's great for a date, an evening with the girls, or whatever occasion, really. We sat by the front window, and it was nice to bask in the warmth, enjoying our delicious wine and food, while watching the bundled up masses hustle by out on Halsted. The bathroom is bright and clean and fine, but it could use some girly decor to up the cuteness factor. Maybe I'm weird, but I like a picture, or something to look at on the wall. It's definitely got potential. I'll be back soon for more deliciousness.
