I've been three times for brunch now, and 1 out of 3 it was amazing, the other two I was underwhelmed. But on a good day I'd say it is potentially one of the top places for brunch in Chicago. The good trip: Saturday brunch, no wait. To start off, they give every table complimentary plates of beignets. I had the Eggs Romero ($13), which is organic grits, topped with [free range organic] pulled pork, two poached eggs (Amish farm eggs), onion chives, then sauced with a carolina style vinegar sauce. one of the best brunch items i've had in chicago. the grits were delicious and creamy and i ate every bit of them. the vinegar sauce went well with everything.. the onions were fresh and tasty, and to me made the dish complete. Everything on the plate went well together. SO had the Eggs Rochambeau ($14), Poached eggs, char-grilled Tallgrass sirloin, potato cakes, barnaise sauce, and potatoes O'Brien. again it was very well prepared. the beef was top notch, actually tasted like beef should taste. their menu has 10 or 15 types of tea, i opted for tea instead of coffee.... service was attentive, prompt, with a great sense of timing. when our plates were cleared, we weren't rushed out with the handing over of the check, we sat and had another cup of tea/coffee. The bad trip: at 2pm on a quiet sunday, the food took unacceptably long to arrive (over 45 minutes). the waitress knew it was a long time and offered us more beignets (which to me tasted like the grease needed changing) I had the shrimp and grits this time. the grits were nowhere near as good as the first time (too creamy?). the shrimp themselves were tiny, I was expecting 12-15/#count sized shrimp I guess. The sauce was nothing remarkable. for $14, it was a tad underwhelming. everyone else was pretty underwhelmed with their food choices too... one friend had a frittata thing, he said it was kind of bland. and he's from Alabama so he ordered a side of grits, which he didn't think were good. my other friend ordered a side of greens with his entree... when it came, there was a side of greens on the plate and a separate plate of the side he ordered... friend ordered OJ... she said "i'm not sure if we still have any, but I'll check" ... she came back with a half empty glass "well this is the last of it" ... we were charged $3 for it. (update: i got a PM and this is how they serve their OJ to everyone) We were seated at the first table behind the register, every time someone came in the door a gust of wind blew directly towards our table. I had to wear my coat. There are ways to mitigate the effects of wind when someone opens a door, they don't seem to be bothered by it. The coffee was good, but they don't offer real sugar, just watery simple syrup. Not great for coffee. ...The third trip... Was bad. The service was horrible. Our waiter was obviously new (I hope?) and spent 15 minutes at a time behind the curtains poking at the register. We sat and watched our food multiple times just sit on the counter for 5 and 10 minutes at a time.  We didn't get any beignets until we asked halfway through. They don't have a bartender, instead they make their servers pour the drinks. I imagine this results in inconsistent drinks... My friend ordered a hurricane and it was gross. He asked the waiter to fix it he replied "oh do you want something not sugary?" as if the issue was he ordered the wrong drink. SO's burger was overcooked. Friend ordered a small portion of gumbo to start. when we were ready for entrees, he decided he wanted a big portion as his entire meal instead. waiter said no as if it was a big deal to just bring out a bigger portion... so i took his small portion to make everyone happy. Rice in friend's gumbo was crackly bottom of the rice cooker inedible. The waiter said it was supposed to be al dente... Mine was a bit al dente (but I liked), but his was just inedible. Gumbo was great, fantastic even. SO told the chef how bad our server was and they comped our whole check. So at least they have good customer service. For those complaining the prices are high... you really have to look at the quality of ingredients. Garbage in, garbage out holds a lot of truth in the food world. And I'll be the first to complain if a place is overpriced, but I really think their prices are justifiable based off of their ingredients (and they go out of their way to make it clear on the menu what is going in). You can't complain that a $15 brunch item is too expensive if that plate contains a Tallgrass grass fed beef sirloin on it. Those things come at a price. (though using high quality ingredients alone doesn't = great food obviously). If you want the cheapest cut of unnatural corn fed meat you can find, go pretty much anywhere else in Chicago and pay only a few bucks less a plate and enjoy all the high fructose corn syrup and corn fed crap you can find.
