I highly recommend this place if you have $$ to spend. Alinea is by no means affordable. Its uber extravagant for frou-frou food that won't actually fill you up. (I ate a few pieces of Fannie Mae chocolate and some Garrett's caramel popcorn afterwards). 5 stars though, because after you get over the fact that its $$$$$, the food, and service, was phenomenal. You're not paying for the food, you're paying for the entire experience. The restaurant has no signage outside, except for a well dressed guy standing in front. He opens the door for you. Before you is a short hallway, with wavy planks of paneling to the right, pink lights illuminating them. My friend and I walked to the end, only to realize that it was a dead. For a brief second, I was confused, unsure what to do. Then miraculously, a "wall" slides open and you see the entrance of the restaurant, with 2-3 people greeting you. Its like an amusement park ride!! Service was awesome. The well-dressed servers were attentive, and some even had a sense of humor! The restaurant was a little chilly, so I asked the waiter for a glass of hot water. Not only did I get a glass and a hot pot of water, but they also gave me a pashmina! Wowee. Food - taste, smell, touch, sight. The only thing missing is sound! Each plate that came out was incredible, talk about avant garde food. The interactive senses were seriously at play here. Highlights: - Dessert served on top of a pillow that expelled scent of lavendar - Dry ice thingy that "erupted" with billowing white fog scent of "grill" served with kobe beef and mashed potato cube. - An individual bacon drizzled with maple, hanging from a thin cable contraption - One spoonful of the most delicious "tortellini" that exploded with flavorful juice and...caviar? Wanted more. Delicious! - One slurp of truffle with potato, served in a little shell with ingredients strung on a needle. From beginning to end, we were constantly surprised by presentation and taste. Sweet onion cotton candy?? If you are a foodie, and have saved up some $$ for a fantasy food experience, you must try this place!
