Is it wrong to thank all the animals for being so delicious? I forgot how many times I swapped out for a clean plate, but near the end of the meal, I was in slow motion, trying extremely hard to keep the food down and slowly motioning the last piece of meat into my mouth with an irregular breathing pattern. It was a struggle, and I had a small bit of regret for eating all that meat...but that was short lived. The service was top notch. If I left my napkin on the table, the waiter would come by and put it on my lap. Water refills were plentiful and the refills of bread and side dishes never stopped...even when we told them to stop. They kept on coming and we kept on eating. The salad bar wasn't exactly a salad bar. Offering items such as prosciutto, fancy cheeses, seared ahi tuna, and even raw oysters, to call the salad bar a salad bar is downright offensive. The rate of the amount of meat that was coming out of the kitchen was impressive. Just when I was about to bite down on a juicy morsel of filet Mignon, another person was at my side asking if I wanted bacon wrapped chicken, and if it wasn't that, it was one of the 16 cuts of meat available that night. The only way to stop the onslaught was to flip the meat token over to the "No thanks" side right after being served. Lamb, chicken, beef, shrimp, and pork were all up for grabs, but I was disappointed that other types of meat weren't represented. At the last churrascaria that I went to, the types of meat extended to that of frog legs and rabbit. Oh well, I guess we can't have it all. Brazzaz even had grilled pineapple, which is cooked just above the meat.   Although I have been praising this place, it wasn't without disappointments. I was all hyped up for the bacon wrapped filet mignon, but it turned out to be extremely overcooked and dry. The bacon wrapped chicken breast on the other hand? Simply delicious. The lamb chops looked great, but were overcooked as well. I like a bit of pink in a lamb chop, but these were cooked through entirely.  The free bread was delicious. Bite sized, warm, fluffy, and chewy...and the most impressive part? No butter required, this stuff stood out on it's own! Even the side dishes that came with the meal held up on their own rather well. The fried bananas stood out from the creamed spinach and mashed potatoes. I forgot how many of those we went through. Great place and great ambiance, although it should be illegal to eat that much meat.
