I am a huge beer snob. Huge. Many people don't even ask me if I like beer, because of my high standards. For that, Hopleaf would have received 5 stars. They have a massive selection with some excellent brews. However. When I was there last, I had some issues with the non-beer list part of Hopleaf. 1. One of our party of six asks the hostess how long it will be. To which the hostess replies "I don't even know. Hours upon hours." Another of our party arrives, and not knowing that person one put her name in asks the hostess, and he gets the answer of 45 minutes. I don't know how long it took, but the same hostess told two different people of the same party two extremely different answers. Interesting. 2. After waiting for not all that long, we're told our table is ready. Excellent. So we're pulling out chairs, sitting, and the hostess stops us. "Oh, wait. This isn't your table. Sorry, you guys are gonna have to go back to the front and wait. We saved your table up there." Well, they didn't, because we gave it to some other people. Incidentally, they sat us at that same table that wasn't ours 10 minutes later. 3. I ordered a cobb salad. Yes, I should have ordered still alive beef that I had to kill myself to prove my masculinity, but I really like cobb salad.  Correction, I really like other places cobb salad.  3a. This cobb salad was the approximate size of a side salad. Possibly smaller. It came on a smaller than entree plate, and didn't cover more than 50% of the plate. For nine bucks, I'm not expecting a prime rib, but I'm expecting more than 36 cents of lettuce. 3b. I think it was a sidebar of there not being any food on my plate, but it was missing the requisite things that comes on a cobb salad. Namely chicken, egg, and bacon. The things that make it delicious and filling were not there. 4. Because of this, I had to ask for the menu again, and get something else to supplement that sad, sad meal. I ordered the sausage plate. That, too, kind of sucked. Sorry Hopleaf. Sam's has a better beer selection than you, and least sitting at home I can jerk myself around in a much better fashion.
