It had been a very long time since I'd been to Fox & Obel, probably 2004 or earlier. So I was excited at the prospect of going back yesterday. Now I admit that I've been spoiled by easy access to places like Mariano's and Fresh Farms, but things have changed at F&O, and in my opinion, not for the better. The produce section which used to be much larger and very impressive, had shrunk down dramatically, and the quality was okay to good, not dazzling as it used to be. The sushi bar was gone, the bakery seemed smaller and the coffee and tea island had moved and apparently shrank considerably in the process. Prices were better than I'd expected on pre-packaged items -- the stuff you can get pretty easily in other stores -- but on the fresh and prepared items they were quite high. Fresh-squeezed OJ was more than twice what I pay at Mariano's. Filet mignon was over $36 a pound. Strip steaks were around $25 a pound. I know it's good meat, but seriously, who can afford to eat like that? Oh wait, people who live on the lakefront can.  So in consideration of their likely clientele, maybe the breads and pastries could have been a bit fresher? The flourless chocolate cake was dry and rather flavorless, the multi-grain (formerly Daley) bread wasn't stale but it sure wasn't super fresh either, nor was the peasant bread. The store looked a lot more crowded than it used to. Every available space seems to have been filled with racks of food. It's not really an attractive store anymore. And it wasn't jammed the way I remember it being. Parking is now in an underground lot which you access through a kind of rabbit's warren of corridors and unmarked doors. You can get up to two hours of parking free if you buy $20 worth of food at F&O and have your parking ticket validated before you leave. That's a good deal considering the cost of parking in the area. Thing is, I don't honestly think we'll ever have to worry about that again because I just don't see us bothering to go back. It's stopped being special, and started being merely convenient for locals.
