Iron Maiden, Judas Priest, Free Shots, Half-Price Delicious Burgers and really cute Bartenders. The Lockdown Bar & Grill has all that and much more. My night went from a one to a ten the minute I stepped into Lockdown. A quality burger is what I sought and Lockdown delivered that plus more. My experience at Lockdown was great and I would recommend Lockdown to anyone seeking an alternative from the average burger joint. As I approached Lockdown I was warmly greeted by the door guy and the end of an Iron Maiden live concert playing on the TV's. He said that there weren't any open seats, but said he would find me when there was one. I stepped into the bathroom for a sec and when I walked out he found me and assisted me to an open spot at the bar. A live modern Judas Priest concert was playing all over the restaurant and on their flatscreen TV's and my tattooed bartender what as cute as ever. I looked over the beer menu and ordered an Old Style. I was in the mood for a simple beer, nothing too crafty. I ordered the Cruelty To Animals Burger with their Hand-Cut Fries. Bacon, Carnitas and Prosciutto. A great combination all served on top of a 10oz juicy beef patty between a soft and chewy pretzel bun. The bacon was crisp, the carnitas were juicy, the prosciutto was salty and fresh and the burger was grilled to a perfect medium. An overall great burger. The fries were fresh, twice fried and seasoned perfectly. A satisfying meal and when I went the burgers were half price. Nice! I was having such a great time I stayed to finish the Judas Priest concert. During that time PJ, the courteous owner, came over and poured me and a couple next to me a couple shots of Jameson. What a great guy. I finished the Judas Priest concert and my last Old Style and paid my tab. I would have stayed later for another concert, but work was awaiting me the next day. The overall experience at The Lockdown was great. If you are ever in the mood for Iron Maiden, Judas Priest, Free Shots, Half-Price Delicious Burgers and really cute Bartenders then Lockdown is the place for you.
