If you like burgers, come here. If you like beer, come here. If you like burgers and beer together, you will want to come here. Extensive beer list, (a good 40+), some tasty and well turned out burgers, good fries and some inventive things. I am glad someone did something with this place. Sadly, the former resident, Feed the Beast, is no longer here. (Though for some reasons, most likely you shouldn't be that sad so please dry your eyes.) But you definitely will feed any inner beast here.  The burgers are tasty, cooked to your desire, with plenty of tasty toppings to tantalize your taste buds. I went with the El Dorado. With it's chili and cumin rubbed burger, topped with avocado cream, a black bean and corn salsa and shredded lettuce, it did something that some burger places with inventive toppings tend not to do. It didn't go overboard. The burger was there. It wasn't hiding under a mass of ingredients. The toppings complimented each other and weren't as special or more so than the actual burger, but just enhanced the experience. If I am going for a burger, I want to have a burger. Not a smorgasbord of fifteen other things... and then your burger. I don't like it to be an after thought. The fries were good. Not great, but certainly above average. Oh and did I tell you about those tasty tasty fried cheese curds? Perhaps you are wanting to lube up those arteries with some melty, ooey gooey cheese, then this would be your stop. They may have started the meal, but they certainly seared a memory in to my stomach well beyond it. And I mean that in the kindest way possible. Oh and that ranch dressing to dip in? Be still my heart. Oh crap. I think it stopped... Oh wait. There it goes again. Oh and if you don't think the fried cheese curds will be enough, look at getting a dish of poutine. I think it might be one of the best hang over cures. While being a good at curing what ails ya, this place is great on a lot of levels. Good service. Good prices. Tasty food. Comfy and casual environment. I'm sold. I can't wait to come back.
