I have never voluntarily waited for anything so long in my life. I got there at 1:25 PM and finally ordered at 3:40 PM. The only time I ever waited for anything near this long was a 100 minute wait for the Rock 'n Roller Coaster Ride at MGM. But, I guess I have to make my review independent of the insanely long line since it's not really their fault. One thing that could speed the line up is if the ordering process was more like the Soup Nazi in Seinfeld. But, Doug's friendly and chatty attitude is also a feature of the store. I was so famished by the time I got to order that my friend and I shared 6 sausages and a large order of Duck Fat Fries. We've been psyched about the duck fat fries ever since we saw it on Bourdain. They were amazing. Nothing transcendental, but definitely an amazing taste that proves it's a definite better medium for frying potatoes.  As far as the sausages go, I tried the Foie Gras and Sauternes Duck Sausage with Truffle Aioli, Foie Gras Mousse and Sel Gris, the Paul Kelly- a Beer soaked bratwurst with all the Chicago dog trimmings, The Elvis- a Polish sausage, Uber Garlic Pork Sausage with Chipotle Dijonnaise, Vintage Cheddar Cheese and Roasted Garlic Cloves, Ribeye Steak Sausage with Horseradish Cream Sauce and Crispy Fried Onions, and the Saucisse de Toulouse with Anchovy Goat's Milk Butter and Montsegur Peppercorn Cheese.  Here's my order of my favorites: 1. The Uber Garlic Sausage 2. The Duck Sausage with Foie Gras 3. The Paul Kelly 4. The Elvis 5. The Ribeye with horseradish 6. The Saucisse de Toulouse with Goat Milk butter I have to say that everyone should try the top two. I LOVED them. The Uber garlic sausage was like a dream come true for me as I'm a garlic lover. I love huge chunks of roasted garlic and had no idea that it would go so perfectly with Pork Sausage. The duck sausage with foie gras mousse was incredible. The taste of the sausage was juicy and bloody and the mousse was the perfect creamy foil to the hot sausage. No description will do it justice, you just have to try it. It's also worth going on Friday and Saturday to try the fries that were fried in rendered duck fat, but on those days expect an even longer wait.  I think your best bet to avoid the wait would be to go on a Monday and be there half an hour before open. Forget about showing up right before close because I witnessed personally that the line does not die down as you reach 4 PM. I think you probably will have a better chance going early. I do not regret waiting because the sausages are world class and different from everything you've ever had before. The opportunity to try wild game is one that should not be passed. But, I have to admit, I was slowly losing my mind listening to chattering knuckleheads for 2 hours taking pictures of themselves standing in line.
