The first thing I ever heard about this place was how amazing their beer selection was. And seriously, it's amazing. But I will get to that later. I came here with 9 or so other friends. We were celebrating a friend's birthday, and we had to wait until 8 of us had gotten there to be seated. When we were up to 7 people, they let us sit down anyway, which was nice. The wait staff was very accommodating and very friendly, so that was an immediate plus. Here's what we ordered: -2 orders of CB&J (cheese, cashew butter, and fig jam on sourdough served with chips and mac&cheese) -2 orders of the brisket sandwich (served with fries and mac&cheese) -brisket platter (served with mac&cheese and cole slaw) -3 orders of mussels (served with pomme frites) -onion rings -baked beans & house salad -tilapia sandwich -soup of the day (which was gazpacho) I ordered a CB&J and it was a taste I had never tasted before. The sandwich itself was perfectly crisp, and the cashew butter was insanely nutty and good. The fig jam is what made the sandwich, and I am ambivalent about the cheese. The mac&cheese was great, and the chips were okay, too. As for the beers, we all ordered a smorgasbord of beers, and I don't even remember the names of half of them. A lot of them were stouts, and I think someone might have ordered lambic. They have so many beers on tap and so many more in bottles. They have a lot of Goose Island beers, Bell's beers... even more rare beers and beers with insanely high alcohol content. If you want Miller Lite, go elsewhere. I had a half pint of Sierra Nevada's XXX 30th anniversary special and it was super hoppy and really great. The atmosphere is good, and they have outdoor seating. We didn't have to wait too long for a table because we were the only huge group dining in, but the wait times for smaller tables could have been long. It is hard to tell. But I think the best rule is to go early. 4 stars because I am saving that last star for the Duck Reuben and also because this place is a bit of a trek.
