I've been to Alinea 3 times, it is without a doubt, my most memorable dining experience ever. Alinea isn't just about food, it's about going to Alinea. If I had more disposable income, I'd go once every other quarter instead of once every other year. It's as truly amazing as you've heard. Writing a yelp review seems pointless since if you're considering going to Alinea, then yelp isn't going to change your mind about it. If you've got the dough, go. I'm not going to bother criticizing the place since every time I've been there, everything is perfect. For those people dissing this place for anything, they don't truly understand the concept of the restaurant. You don't go here just to eat, Alinea isn't just a restaurant. You go here for an experience, Alinea is like dinner and a show, but the dinner is the show. The guy on here that compared the price to going to a sports game and a nice dinner before or after, he's full of shizz. Alinea is going to cost you. The time I brought my girlfriend for her birthday and did the wine pairings with the full "tour", it cost me more after tax and tip than my mortgage payment did that month. It goes without saying that if you've got the money, and your adventurous with food, you gotta do it at least once in your lifetime. I've found that after several trips, it starts to lose it's luster, since in my opinion, Alinea is more about the experience than it is about the food. You start to see trends in the experience if you repeat your business there. Some things will always be different, but some things stay the same. Chef Achatz is the Willy Wonka of fine dining, but it's his food coupled with the experience of eating the food which makes Alinea unique. From the way you enter the restaurant to the way you are given your check, everything about Alinea is unique to Alinea. Each course comes out on it's own specially made "serving utensil" from a metal swing with bacon wrapped in butterscotch, to a wax bowl of soup with a pin in it. Chef Achatz and his astonishingly creative staff deserve all the praise they are constantly given. They aren't the only ones in the game though. Many chefs have gotten into the molecular gastronomy scene. Chicago local Moto will give Alinea a run for the money as it is more affordable, and more interactive. The bottom line is Alinea is absolutely amazing, it's an experience you will never forget, and you should go at least once in your lifetime if you have the funding to do so and a very open mind about dining. I'll be the first to admit, the whole thing seems a lot better when someone else pays the check, but even if it's your credit card that's being run at the end of the meal, you won't ever forget what it went to pay for.
