Unless you speak perfect Korean or you have some absolutely irresistible urge to have Korean BBQ at 3AM (which I've seen close by the way, so 24-hours isn't 100% reliable), avoid. Let's start with the good parts: the food is decent but overpriced (as is with many Korean BBQ's here). It's standard Korean BBQ fare so nothing to write home about. Honestly, you could go to your local Korean grocery and buy some raw meats and still have a better time with the same (or sometimes better) taste. Out of the 6 times I've been here, only once have I had good food. 1 out of 6 chances? Not much of a gambling man. Now the not-so-good: the service is what everyone says: crap. It's been crappy for years. Now my Korean is OK but not good enough where I've also tried encouraging non-Koreans to order to see if I can avoid that crappy bias which seriously, we're in Chicago, not Korea. There are lots of Koreans whose Korean have English accents. The staff needs to get over it. Also, it seems like either the later you go or busier it is, the worse the service gets. It gets better: we've had to hound down a server, who never checked up on us. On one trip with several of my non-Korean friends (and this ended up being a VERY humiliating experience for me), we waited an hour for water and to order, another hour and a half for our meats, which we only had 6 orders (double order of 3 different meats). That should never be an issue at any Korean BBQ, and it wasn't even that busy. Again, server never helped us out and we ended up leaving a minimal tip. But wait, it gets better! The staff DETAINED one unlucky friend that lagged behind as we left and tore him a new one and DEMANDED we tip properly! Totally unprofessional and unbelievable. They didn't work for the tip much less deserved one, regardless of being their "livelihood." Plus with the price they charge for food and what we got, it certainly merited very little. Ironically, Korean customers are traditionally the worst tippers, probably because (at least last time I checked) in Korea and some places in Asia, "tip" doesn't exist. Oh well. *edit* Yes, I understand that Korean waitstaff aren't necessarily the most courteous. When I go to a Korean restaurant, I don't expect 5-star service, heck even service with a smile. I get that. In summary: there's plenty of other places you can go for Korean BBQ. Even if you have to drive a little farther to go elsewhere, save the grief of coming to San Soo Gab San, especially if you're a first timer. This is a prime example of how not to run a Korean business in America.
