New years day, my family and I wanted to try something new, so we pop up on yelp and see the great reviews for this place, so we decided to try it. The Place was packed and understandable so we made a reservation and explored the area while we were waiting to be called, so we're in the gift shop across the street when the manager comes yelling in at us for not picking up the phone, so they sent us upstairs where we stood outside in the cold while no one came to open the door for us until a nice customer of the restaurant had to stand up from his seat to open it for us. So the waiter look baffled as we walk in like we didn't belong there, Then after he guides us to our seats, We sit for a long period of time before they brought us our menus lol. Now that was just what we saw in their service lets go on to food.We looked around in the old broken menus for a while and decided to pick their deluxe hotpot special, thinking that trying something new might be interesting so we wait over half an hour for our dinner to come out, back you wouldn't have guess what dish came out first... our desert idk why they would even do that our appetizers came out some time after, so we left the desert lying around. The appetizers were average compared to other restaurants we've eaten at so not much to say there.So during all of this we were humored by their staff which I could have sworn did not know proper English except for our first waiter who we could see did not want to be there. We never got a proper bottle of soy sauce and chili pepper sauce which we actually got up and asked for... in a Chinese restaurant for real? Okay so there other problems whit the service which I could go on rambling about but lets go to the main course.The hotpots came out, we tasted the stock in the pot, it was below average tasted kinda bland. The raw seafood and vegetables came out looked liked a regular setup for a hotpot meal, cooked up the seafood and vegetables and tried it. the seafood tasted old especially the mussels and squid. There was some positives about the meal i got to try some new items like fish meatballs and bamboo which tasted pretty good, but we didn't trust their vegetables. The meats came out, the beef was mostly fat tasted hard and old. The lamb after it was cooked tasted pretty much like beef with a bit more texture nothing special there. Oh yeah almost forgot about the sauces they did give us, my recommendation to you don't try it garlic sauce was terrible smelled like my old science fair project no lie. The barbecue sauce had some hard precipitate in it, tasted expired. They looked like they just came out of the freezer so we ate everything bland no sauce and never got that soy sauce. We ate the cold desert and so they brought us the bill... about $300 great they even included the tip ( which they did not deserve), way too overpriced and to end things off they didn't give us enough fortune cookies :) never coming back here again...
