I stayed here on a recent business trip. Typically I just stay at a Starwood to rack up the points, but my company has a new partnership with Kimpton Hotels so I thought I would try it. What a great alternative to the standard hotel. The service was amazing, even checking ahead of time to see what type of pillow I would like in my room and how many. I was plesantly greeted when I arrived, and went up to a nice sized, clean (although a little brightly colored) room. The beds were unbelievable comfortable and even though I typically have a very difficult time sleeping when traveling- I got a great night sleep. The best part about my stay was meeting a friend down in the hotel bar. We were going to go out, but due to cold weather we just decided to get a drink at the hotel. The brightly colored lounge played great music and had the feel of taking you to another era. The staff was friendly and martinis tasty and the whole atmosphere had the feel that you could walk up and sit with anyone in the bar and strike up a conversation. ADDITION Jan. 12, 2007: I just stayed again at this hotel... and here are some more things I love... the hotel is pet friendly (I didn't bring a pet) but I have recently learned that all Kimpton hotels seem to be pet friendly even the really upscale, expensive ones. They have a power strip next to the mirror so you don't have to climb under things and unplug lights to plug in your curling iron, they ask you what type of pillow you would like (it's the little things), and did I mention they have a complimentary wine hour after work... ADDITION: July 19, 2007- Just got back from my fourth trip to Chicago in the past 7 months and another stay at Allegro. Hotel was still great and remains one of my favorites, but this time I happened to be there on a weekend when it was 100% booked. I had never noticed the hotel being noisy before- but this time I had to call down to quiet down the room next to me (the hotel sent someone up right away and then they were quiet so it wasn't a big deal), but then on my fourth morning at the hotel a baby was crying at 5AM in the room next to me. There was not muffling of the sound between my room and theirs- the baby sounded like it was literally in a crib two feet from my bed. Still a great hotel- but noise is definitey a concern if the hotel is crowded.
