I've been wanting to try this place out since it opened and then I moved out of state. It was at the top of my list to try when I came home this week and tonight was the night! After seeing Graham on Top Chef masters I was even more intrigued and I was on the edge of my seat all day waiting for dinner time! Nothing disappointed here at all, it was fabulous. There were three of us dining and we each had a drink, an appetizer and an entree plus two desserts and two coffees. Drinks were great all around, they had a good selection. My sister wound up getting a dirty martini but said it was perfectly done. My mom had a martini with some sort of pear liquor that isn't on the website but was on tonights menu. I had the London Calling and it was so much better than I had expected it to be! The popcorn on the table was fun, tonight it was drizzled with truffle oil and sprinkled with parmesan, chives and pepper. I loved snacking on it when I was perusing the menu. Appetizers consisted of the following: Roasted Baby Beets--amazing. The horseradish foam and the pickled pears combined with the roasted beets, goat cheese and micro arugula was delicious! I think I stole more than my fair share of bites off my mom's plate and I don't really like beets...at all. Wisconsin Cheddar Risotto-delicious. My sister can be a fairly picky eater so I was thrilled that she agreed to come to dinner and even happier that she wanted to lick her plates(s) clean. The risotto tonight had bratwurst instead of bacon and it was so good! I loved the combination of cheddar and apples plus the smokiness of the brats. She ate it very quickly so I was only able to swoop in for one bite but by the looks of things it was a winner. Sweet Potato Bisque--Awesome! This was right up my alley of tastes and I couldn't wait to try the homemade marshmallow plus it was such a chilly night that bisque was the perfect thing to try. The corn nuts added a nice crunch and swirling the melting garlic marshmallow into the soup gave it a pretty look but also made it taste so good! There was a chipotle jam in there as well and while I'm the last person who wants any extra spice it went so well together I dealt with the slight heat that was trickling down my throat. My sister also enjoyed it and ate a few spoonfuls and she isn't one for sweet potatoes. Arctic Char Fillet--very good! Mom cleaned her plate and didn't have much to say aside from the turnip bits were overly salty. I'm pretty sure that was the only downside comment of the night. The brussel sprout bed sprinkled with bacon rocked and gave the plate a nice pop of color. Wagyu Beef Stroganoff--YUM! Again I have to say that my sister is picky and once again wiped her plate clean. She didn't even say anything about the meat being on the pink side because it was so good! I did manage to grab a bite and the meat was perfectly tender and the peppercorn sauce was perfect. Glazed Pork Belly--Delicious! My pork belly was so tender it was falling apart while I cut into it. It melted in my mouth and was perfect with the dandelion greens and the butternut squash. I savored every bite and even parted with two so my mom and sister could try it. We all loved it! I wanted more when my plate was clean! While the dessert menu didn't scream to me I knew I had to try something so I went with the Caramel Heirloom Apple while my sister had the Pumpkin Pound Cake. The apple one was delicious, the salty carmel on the plate was calling to be licked right off but I was pretty sure I'd get some strange looks if I did that so I scraped off as much as I could. The pound cake was the lightest poundcake I've ever had and was so yummy I could have enjoyed more! The foams on both were a perfect accompaniment. Needless to say I LOVED this place and would highly recommend it to most people.
