I came here with one of my oldest, dearest friends. It was like a reunion and we were catching up on almost a lost decade of our lives. I was visiting Chicago at the time because I was transferring for work. I had no idea what this place was but was a long for the ride because we needed to eat stat. Then he told me it got three Michelin stars and I was definitely excited and curious. This place has a great look and feel. It's like an old time, classic bar. Great craft beers on tap and a full bar. It was already late lunch and we didn't have much to do so we decided on a few libations. I don't drink liquor all the time but my friend swears by the Old Fashions here. It was good but it's not my drink of choice. It's a nice stiff drink if you're in need of it. They people that work behind the bar work at their craft and are proud of the drinks that they produce. I really didn't know what I wanted to drink with lunch since it was two o'clock on a Tuesday. In my quest to settle on a drink I sampled some St. Germaine for the first time. Holy Moses, OMG! Where has St. Germaine been all my life? I sampled it just by it self and it was so floral, light and refreshing. I stick with what I know and finally settled on a nice Belgium beer.  When it was time to make food choices it was so hard. There were so many great items on the the menu. This is on my list of places to return too. My friend ordered a sandwich with pulled pork. I think it's the Cuban. (I'm sorry I don't have the exact name I looked on the menu on-line but I can't find it.) It had a side of fries that were so fresh and crispy. I've found that I have become a french fry snob. I like nice well done crispy fries. Soggy fries are disappointing. I ordered the Croque Madame. It's an open faced sandwich with Ham, Gruyere, Mornay Sauce, Sunny side Up Egg served with a green salad. I am a sucker for eggs especially when they are fried. The melty cheese, Mornay Sauce and the warm runny yolk was a creamy delicious combination. We sat at the bar and it was a pretty chill Tuesday afternoon so service was top notch. I will say I'm a little bias because my friend goes there a lot and knows the staff. They guy behind the bar was someone he knew so we had great service and good conversation.
