I really had a wonderful time here at Big Jones for brunch. There were 5 of us and we made reservations for 2pm. And of course we missed our bus and we're going to be late. I called to tell them we were going to be late and they assured me we would get a table no problem. We showed up about 24 minutes late to be exact. We were asked about our fun walk and was told a table would be ready for us shortly.  We introduced ourselves to the bar and were welcomed with some brunch libations that we won't soon forget. I got their Big Jones Screwdriver which had to be the best screwdriver I have. Strong the way I like it, and the addition of the aquavit and fresh squeezed OJ made this screwdriver a monster of a drink. The others in my party enjoyed their bloody Mary's. I was told they were the best they ever have had. Watching the bartender make the bloody Mary was interesting to watch. The addition of freshly grated horseradish made it that much more special. After a couple of drinks we were seated. All of us were feeling a bit bubbly and had been looking at the menu for a while so we knew what we wanted. We started our brunch with the Tete de Cochon which is a nice way of saying headcheese, the Boudin Rouge or blood sausage, and. I was surprised how good the headcheese was. I worked in a deli for a long time and always found that stuff to be well....gross. This stuff was fresh tasting, spicy, and had the right mix of gelatin and pig goodies. The blood sausage was a little disappointing they cut it up thin and didn't really give us much either. I was really excited for this and was let down. We also ordered a basket of the Sally Lunn bread, it is served with preserves and butter. Who ever Sally Lunn was, she could make a mean bread. Sweet, crusty, and plain delicious. But things were soon brought back up with my meal. I ordered a special called the Simple New Orleans Special. Which came with eggs your way, hash browns, and some more Sally Lunn bread. and two, what I fill call shrimp stuffed hush-puppies. Let me tell you hush-puppies are a personal fave, and if you put a great seafood filling inside, you have a lifelong customer. They were perfect. The eggs and hash browns were well done as well but those little balls of joy is all I can think about lately (make your own joke if you want to). The others in my party enjoyed the Gumbo (which I got a taste of and was spectacular), Big Jones Benedict, Eggs New Orleans (looked amazing too), and the Bacon and Swiss omelet. All were scarfed down and talked about for a while. Overall we had a great experience here. They were very accommodating and made great drinks and even more important the food. The service was on par but nothing to special. I will come here again. I need to try dinner!
