Tried to give it 4.5 stars. We never do 5, so this means awesome to us.This review is kind of a 4fer. Each of our 4 diners contributed to this review.Experience was awesome, like nothing any of us has experienced. All of us foodies, and actually one is a national, award winning hospitality consultant.This is not for the weak pocket book. Get over this concept before you arrive and you will have an exceptional dining experience.Initially we weren't too excited that the whole table had to subscribe to the same general order ( for instance, all must do one of the tasting courses or order ala carte. And if you order the tasting course, they all must be the same number ) The table had the attitude to go big or go home, ergo the 15 course tasting menu it was. Right choice......no question......for one's first visit anyway.So, here are the table's comments:Guest1. We heard that the courses were really meager. They were obviously small, but they are tastings for pete's sake. By the 7th course, I stopped eating the whole tasting to pace myself. I was feeling full!I didn't think I would enjoy each course because there were so many, but I was pleasantly surprised that I did.Guest2. We elected to forgo the wine pairing ( $100/ person ) and selected one bottle of red and one white instead. It worked, however not sure it was the right choice.For the 15 course tasting, PACE YOURSELF! Plan for 3 hours of dining plus. This meal was culinary entertainment with tremendous variety in flavors, texture, plating, and mouth feel.Guest3. I was surprised at how many ingredients could be choreographed into such small yet outstanding courses. Some new flavors for me, and some familiar ones just prepared/ presented in an unexpected way. Staff, all of them were attentive, and helpful and just damn nice!Ambiance was trendy upscale. Comfortable, warm and approachable. In fact, the sommelier was wearing tennis shoes! Loved it!Guest4. I loved it all. Service, food, ambiance. Not often you spend some real coin and feel the value. I am a sauce guy and especially loved the care and attention to the accoutrements for each course. Every course was just right, and the flavors combined brilliantly. We even got a handful of amuse bouches in addition to the 15 scheduled ones along with a few complimentary glasses of wine and a dessert drink.Do this.We all will never forget this meal..........memorable and fun........and great!
