This is our favorite Greektown restaurant. Ok that's a lie. Rather, this is the one greektown restaurant we seem to remember, and seem to always come back to. That's gotta mean something right? First off, as their massive sign proclaims, "free valet parking". Wonderful. Definitely get a reservation though, as this place gets PACKED, especially on Friday and Saturday nights. The wait often pushes you outside the restaurant, which is ok as they have a nice heat lamp under their awning... *sarcasm*. Seriously though, unless you like standing for an hr plus, smelling that wonderful saganaki teasing you like your "Cherry" at your favorite strip club, we suggest a reservation. Saganaki is almost a must, if not for how tasty it is, then for the spectacle you cause disrupting everyone around you. The saganaki is flambed tableside as the cheese is lit on fire next to you (sometimes too close) and your waiter screams "OPA!" and everyone around you looks at your table. This is great and a lot of fun, especially if you are an attention seeker. However, without fail, several seconds later, another waiter several tables away will scream that "OPA" and all heads will turn there. Don't fight it, yours will also. And again. And again. Throughout your meal. Until your neck is sore. You'll tell yourself not to...but it's like a bad carcrash...you can't look away. Your meals inevitably end up an hr longer than you had planned. If you can tear youself away, you should try the pitas. Simple, yet perfectly done, as I'm sure they would do in Greece. Couple it with some of their fresh hummus, and it's heaven. *OPA!* Don't look! Your neck already hurts too much! And besides, you have much better things to do...like eat their delicious gyros. The serving is massive, and great for sharing with everyone around you. That way, you have an excuse to eat their delicious lamb. Get the loin, get the leg, get the braised lamb, it doesn't matter. Each lamb dish has been perfectly simmered, each marbled bite of lamb stuffed full of marinated flavor, and accompanied by perfect cooked potatoes or other veggies.  A big part of their menu that we have yet to try is the seafood, which all the yelp reviews announce as delightful, and so, soon, we must risk our neck muscles, and venture forth to try their large (assuredly delicious) selection of seafood. OPA!
