Overall - a great place. Went on a Thursday night and was very impressed by how packed, yet calm and inviting the atmosphere was. Walked to the back of the restaurant to get a table and the hostess said that it would be a little bit of a wait, but we were free to go upstairs and grab a beer and hang out. The bartender upstairs was extremely personable and made us feel right at home. A few minutes after we grabbed our beers, the hostess came upstairs and found us to let us know our table was ready and walked us back down to the dining room. Being in the industry, I am constantly looking for/noticing the little details of service that most people wouldn't (and am usually easy to disappoint). However, this was not the case at all. Our server was very knowledgable and sweet - always close by if we needed anything but not in-your-face or pushy which is always awesome to see - especially on a busy night. All in all - I will definitely be back soon. Service - 10/10 Beer Selection - 10/10 (Any bar with Daisy Cutter on tap is doing something right, not to mention the slew of amazing micro brews, etc.) Food - 7/10 Mussels are a must - you won't get a better deal anywhere - ESPECIALLY for the price and the HUGE side of pomme frites and baguette that comes with each order. Both brussel sprout dishes are amazing - personally I would go back for the ones with truffle oil... The other prep. (with bacon lardons) was also delicious, but a little in your face with the overwhelming pork flavor. Steak and Frites - PASS. I was sure that their 10-12 oz grass fed ribeye would be amazing after tasting everything up to the point, but.. nawww. For one, it kindof pissed me off that you cant substitute sides because I really wanted to try the mac and cheese... but you can ONLY get the frites or a salad - Opted for the salad which was just that... a salad.. because I was already stuffed with the huge order of frites that came with the mussels. Second, you have a choice of which butter you want over the steak - we got the lemon horseradish butter, which was just a HUGE dollop of from what I could taste.. lemon juice and butter - didn't add anything to the steak and waayyyy too much that it overpowered everything because it was already half melted when it got to the table. Last, the steak itself, was nothing more than you what you would expect at Fridays or Applebee's, etc.. to be honest, maybe not even that mediocre.. It was a nice size, but oddly thin.. you could tell it had been marked on the grill, but aside from some faint lines, there was basically NO sear on the steak, which just left it limp.. fatty.. and sitting in a pool of melted butter. I couldn't help but keep thinking about the nasty looking steaks that they would eat in the movie Napoleon Dynamite. Usually people judge a restaurant based on the last thing they eat, as it's what sticks in their mind the most... for me and the steak - I would usually say that I'd never go back.. HOWEVER, because of the rest of the food, the service, the brews... pretty much EVERYTHING else, I am hyped to go back and try the rest of the menu.
