Things started off rough here, when we were told we were looking at a 2 hour wait--which in actuality turned out to be 40 minutes. Right of the bat, I loved the rustic feel of the restaurants.  It just feels real and comfortable which is perfect for the kinds of meals and beverages the restaurant offers. We started things off with a couple of beers--I got the unibroue chambly noire and the lady got the stiegl. I recommend both beers to anyone if they still have them on tap when you go there. I'm especially partial to anything unibroue makes and was really excited to see that longman had the chambly noire on tap. I have to preface my comments with a small side note that this place may not be for the less adventurous diners. I absolutely loved this place but my girlfriend was less than thrilled with parts of our meal. We started things off with their meatballs and the tete du cochon with a sunny side duck egg which were both phenomenal. These were their small plates so the portions were not big but the meal was packed full of unique flavors that really complimented the beer I was drinking well. The meatballs were in a creamy cheese sauce that I really found to be tasty and the tete du cochon came with a mustard dipping sauce which was excellent (and I typically stay away from mustards). They also brought out a spoonful of chowder (I think) as a complimentary dish from the chef which was also very tasty. After finishing the small plates, I ordered a old tom gin fizz for the gf and a bourbon and fernet cocktail for myself. The fernet cocktail is one of the best drinks I have had in a really, really long time. I could still taste the bourbon without the fernet over powering it and the combination of the bourbon, vermouth, and fernet in the cocktail was spectacular! The gin fizz was a really nice drink and something I would recommend they push harder on the menu in the summer time. For the entree, I had the pork chop which was a really healthy portion of meat served over some collard greens (and maybe some potatoes? I had to admit at this point of the meal things were a little bit fuzzy..) I really liked the souther style of the pork dish and if I were to go back I would probably ditch the small plates and go straight for the pork and beer combo. My gf got the burger which she liked although she felt their medium was a bit undercooked for her liking so keep that in mind if you are ordering the burger. She did give the burger her approval though which is saying a lot because she wasn't all too impressed with the other dishes. If I have any problems with the night it was that my bill was a lot higher than I had anticipated, but great food and drink like this should come at a premium. I am definitely coming back, although I think I will be less aggressive in both my eating and my drinking. This is a must eat place in Chicago and I hope it continues to provide the high quality of service, cuisine and libation for a long, long time.
