My gf and I went here the first night we moved back to Chicago. Friends here said it was the best Italian place by Wrigley, so naturally we wanted to scope out place to go since we'd just received season tickets from her company. Awesome. It was...awesome. In the true fashion of the original sense of the meaning awesome...it was incredible. Not just saying this cuz I spent a lot of time around surfers, but really that it was insanely awesome. The service was excellent, we had a Tuscan syrah, calamari appetizer, she had the salmon, I had some gnocchi, we shared the creme brulee and things were amazing. We walked out of that restaurant thinking we'd found the best spot ever. After a Cubs game with our 2 friends we decided to share the magical goodness of Mia Frencesca. After waiting no more than 15 minutes the 4 of us were seated in the worst table in the restaurant...in the traffic between the kitchen and rest of the restaurant. Okay whatever, bad tables happen, there are at least 2 of those in every restaurant, but that somehow doomed the entire evening. We got a bottle of pinot grigio, a cab and 2 appetizers...to get those 4 things it took almost 45 minutes. Granted the restaurant was full of drunk Cubs fans, like ourselves, so it was probably not the best night for great service but man...it was horrible. Finally after 45 minutes of being completely done with the appetizers and almost done with the wine, we ordered another bottle and entree when our server finally came back. A half an hour after ordering, I finally had to flag down a random busser and ask him where our entrees were. He promised us it would be out, even came back every 5 minutes for 20 minutes promising us our entrees. I'm so timid about asking for a manager, as is my girlfriend, but our friend we went with was not so much. The manager came over and assured us that our entrees would be out in less than 5 minutes and that dessert was on the house...great, right? 20 minutes later our entrees arrived stale and cold. I know they'd sat in the heating window for an hour. I had my dried up pork chops, my gf had her disgusting whitefish and after that we took our complimentary dessert to go. Lesson learned. Do not go after a Cubs game. Second thoughts are even that we never want to go back again, but after the bruising of that meal heals, we'll probably go back and try again for that first experience, that Cubs game experience will never be forgotten.
