Yeah, I'd definitely compare this place to Dean & Deluca out in NYC. It's the premier selection of hard to find groceries. By the time you're done reading this, I hope you can guess what their deli counter is like, but let's just review a few of the finer points of their supplies as a grocer. 1. Mushrooms. There are so many varieties of edible mushrooms and at any major supermarket, you only have about 3. This place stocks all the ones you can't find or even heard about. Live beyond portabellos, criminis, and whites, and you will be greatly rewarded. 2. Olive oil. They stock olive oil like liquor stores stock beer. You would never believe just how many varieties are being produced and how they are appraised like wine. More importantly, you would never think that olive oil would make such a cool translucent wall display. 3. Dry pasta. Fresh pasta is overrated if you ask me because a properly made dry pasta is killer. Their pasta come from makers that use the best semolina and bronze dies! BRONZE dies are what makes the pasta. Most pasta makers use steel because they won't wear down, but bronze leaves the pasta scaly so it catches more sauce. 4. Olive bar. Did you know that there are over 20 different types of olives? I knew that, and I'm sure you did too, but it's another thing entirely to be looking at an olive bar with 20 different types of olives. I've blown $40 just on olives because they are that good. Lovers of dirty martinis rejoice, because you have found your salvation from mail-order. 5. Cheese and crackers. While a place like Whole Foods provides an excellent assortment of cheese, this place has a cracker that compliments each cheese in addition to wine. I love crackers. I'm not even tackling spices and chocolates because those items can be procured elsewhere, but we're talking the convenience of localized concentration. I defy you to find me a store with this much variety of things most grocers overlook in one spot. It also means your bill will be about double or triple more than Jewel's or Dominicks.
