I bought the Gilt Deal ($100 for 2 people). We were very excited to eat at Mercat because we're big Iron Chef fans (go Jose!). We were NOT disappointed! If there was a 4.5 option, that's what I would give vs. the 4 or 5-star review. Ambiance, I'd give an 8 out of 10. I was cold (temperature in the restaurant, sitting by the window), but I really liked all of the rustic touches and warm colors. I deducted a point for the bathrooms - not super-clean and not that great, compared to the rest of the restaurant. Service, I'd give an 9. They were attentive, but the descriptions of what we were eating were delivered a little too quickly. Would have liked to hear a little more about what we were eating. Food was amazing - 8 out of 10. [First Course] Chef's selection of charcuterie, cheese and olives. - Very straight-forward, very good. [Second course] Short ribs with horseradish, parmesan and bacon flatbread - This was to-die-for. I would go back just for this dish. Unlike the other reviewer, I found there to be a hint of horseradish - it was not at all overwhelming. It was a great complement to the savory short ribs. Rich and delicious. Bacon-wrapped dates stuffed with almond - This just proves that everything is better with cheese. The best bacon-wrapped dates I've ever had. My boyfriend said he didn't like bacon-wrapped dates and quickly changed his tune. Butternut squash dumplings with lamb ragout, beech mushrooms escabeche and black truffles. - Nice mix of flavors, but you have to love butternut squash. Not a fave, but worth trying. Gambas al Ajillo - Garlic shrimp. Good, but expected and... too much salt. [Third course] black angus rib-eye - Good, but It's rib-eye. Perfectly cooked, but could have trimmed the fat. I liked the sauces in the order they were served - chili sauce was great, green sauce was good, mayo-based sauce was forgettable. jumbo prawns with lemon and garlic - A little fishy, salty and not cleaned properly. Average. Catalan spinach, currants, pine nuts and apples. - Fantastic! A highlight. Spicy potatoes with spicy paprika aioli - Not my favorite. The middle was scalding hot. The sauce was just so-so. Needs more heat. [Dessert] Milk chocolate croquettes with banana marshmallow, rosemary caramel and arbequina olive oil - This is a must try, Seriously. I thought the banana marshmallow sounded gross, but it was sooooooooo good. Yum. [Drinks] We had the seasonal sangria. It was light and refreshing. Not a drop left.
