Hot Dayum!!! Mama likes. Pretty much my idyllic dining out experience. Longman & Eagle knows how to make a memorable impression, that's for sure... while certainly not for the unadventurous or conservative, the incorporation of daring dishes, bold cocktails and vivacious ambiance all rolled into a bit of an obscure locale, makes this spot purely perfect for a foodie voyager such as m'self. The moment you walk in you just know you're somewhere electric and special. From the intoxicating, manly aroma of smoky pork and plank wood that hits your nose immediately, to the great eclectic mix of clientele chatting away from dimly lit tables or the bygone era grand bar, the atmosphere is positively out of the ordinary with a hint of Louisiana 40's glamour (if such a thing exists). Channel the old-timey music, sip a handcrafted L&E Manhattan and prepare to feel entirely transported... "am I even still in Chicago?". My thoughts precisely. Aside from delightful house cocktails, Longman boasts a list of Whiskey, Bourbon, Rye and Beer no short of a mile. Whet your whistle on an Dogfish Head 90 min IPA while you scan the exceptional and innovative menu - and inadvertently drool a la Pavlov's Dog - it's unavoidable as everything just sounds downright divine, and lucky for you, actually is! There's no shortage of meat, meat and more meat and, of course, pork specifically. Vegetarians seriously need not apply... this is a veritable protein jamboree and the ensuing decimation serves to obscenely offend. Sorry. Dig into tender Kobe meatballs atop soft, creamy polenta and cheesy fonduta or a yummy Brandade with calorific beef fat fried chips for starters. On the lighter side (sorta) the Roasted Beet Salad with tangy goat cheese, peppery arugula and a warm, bacon vinaigrette also makes for a phenomenal first course. Plates of amazingly silky Sweetbreads and the slow-braised caramelized Veal Breast with accompanying beef cheek manicotti (ZOMG!) were lovingly (and greedily, natch) devoured between oohs, ahhs, moans and sporadic orgasms. Nothing, however, compared to the incomparable Pork Belly Confit entree with pumpkin risotto, chestnuts and an apple-caramel broth. Holy Shite! Best.Dish.Ever. Indulgent, rich, satisfying and unlike anything salty, sweet, savory, perfect you've ever had before, it comes with my highest recommendations and then some. Should that not be sufficient - oh you glutton, you - go for the illustrious finish and sink your teeth into the warm Callebaut Chocolate-Banana Bread Pudding with Bourbon Anglaise. Almost with a brownie-like quality, it's the dessert of desserts guaranteed not to disillusion or disappoint. Bravo Chef Wentworth! 'Twas a meal for the ages and yes, I think I love you like a fat kid loves cake... a pork belly cake, obviously. You've schooled me well.
