My take on cocktails: I approach cocktail-making like many people approach cooking. I love musing about flavor combinations, hunting down ingredients, and yah, copious taste-testing. Sitting right next to my computer right now is a piece of paper on which I scribbled down a recipe that mixes ingredients in the ratio 4: 3.5: 2: .75. That's where I'm at. Which is not to say I'm talented, just really into it. Into them. Cocktails. Quite simply, cocktails at at Violet Hour are inspired, superbly-made, and an absolute pleasure to drink. Interesting recipes and high-quality ingredients, including house-made syrups and bitters. As an example: This past Monday, I had the Spring Sidecar. ('Spring' is important here--the menu is seasonal, with some cocktails appearing year-round.) K, so your basic old sidecar is brandy, triple sec, and lemon juice. This baby was made with a Maison Surrenne cognac (read: OM NOM NOM), house-made orange curacao, orange flower water, Lillet (this strange, sweet orange liqueur + white wine stuff), and lemon juice. *moaning noise* Other good things:  Swanky, elegant, kinda trippy style.  Feels like you showed up at Alice's tea party, except Alice is grown up and has really expensive tastes. Service is mostly good. I've been 3 times. The first two times were crowded weekend nights and the service was impressive, especially considering the crowd. The last time was a Monday evening--8 people were in the place and the service was lame. Really, really slow. Icky things: The music is horrid. Late nights it's dark ambient techno stuff that would be fine at certain other places, but just doesn't suit Violet Hour at all. It's jarring and abrasive. When I went on a Monday, some kind of godawful country music was BLARING. I mean, damn. It was seriously chafing my brain. The music really does diminish the experience. This isn't the sort of place that needs loud music to make it feel like something's going on. It needs music that is lithe and playful hovering in the background. The downside of Violet Hour's gorgeous aesthetic is that it is super pretentious. Even intimidating. I've never had food that was better than so-so. The ideas are good, execution hasn't been so good. It's expensive. Standard drink price is $12. I think it's worth it, but others may not. Probs a place to save for special occasions. There's a line. Go early to avoid it. The reason the line exists is that they only let in as many people as there are seats in the place. One you've had the Violet Hour experience, you will agree that this is a very good idea.
