Some friends of ours recommended Cafe 28 to us so we decided to meet them there last Friday night. I had browsed the reviews here and had a good idea of some of the items I was interested in off their menu. I made a reservation via their website which was must easier than calling. Our reservation was for 8:30pm and we (party of 4) arrived right at that time. We were seated within 5 minutes even though the place was fairly crowded. Immediately I was impressed with this place. Once seated our server took our drink orders and we also put in our appetizer order. We requested the Taste of Cuba and the Ceviche. The Taste of Cuba is Empanadas de picadillo and chicken & ham croquetas served with mariquitas & saffron sauce. It was outstanding. The items by themselves would've been delicious but when dipped in that Saffron Sauce it was exceptional. The Ceviche also was exceptional although I would only recommend it if you like that sort of thing which we do. When it came time to order the main courses we asked our server for his opinions. He bluntly stated a few items that he would not recommend which I doubt the owners would've appreciated. We however found that refreshing and it was greatly appreciated. I ordered the Almond Crusted Halibut which is served over a scoop of their famous Jalapeno Mashed Potatoes with a small side of Green Beans. It was exquisite!! Although I only noticed a few small specs of Jalapeno mixed into the mashed potatoes it definitely had more going on and also had some pretty good heat. I offered a bite to my buddy and he immediately ordered a side of the mashed potatoes for himself. The Halibut was also ridiculous as it was lightly drizzled with that same Saffron Sauce from our appetizer. My wife ordered the Red Snapper (which I think was one of the specials) and although she almost fell off her seat when she tried my Halibut, she said if she had a 'do-over' she would still order the Red Snapper. I will say the restaurant itself was a bit warm, but as it was one of the hottest days of the summer I wasn't surprised or upset at all. One of the owners actually came over to our table (as he saw me fanning myself with a menu a few times) and apologized for the heat. Upon finishing our meals our server brought us the dessert menu and told us the owner would be happy to offer us complimentary Sorbets to cool us down. We ordered a Mango and a Lemon Sorbet. The Lemon was refreshing but just OK, however the Mango was ridiculous. There wasn't a drop left in the bowl. Hopefully this place stays around for a while as it truly was a 5-Star experience. I highly recommend it.
