As soon as I saw this eyesore go up, I just assumed I'd never step foot inside of it. The jail theme along with the bros I constantly see outside were enough for me to know I wouldn't exactly fit in. On Saturday though, after eating across the street at Bite (which is awesome, by the way), we saw that they were serving $5 Unibroues and decided to give it a try. We walk in and are immediately inundated with an overwhelming feeling of douchiness. The cheesy "metal" decor, the blaring DVD playing on all of the TVs. The bros. It was exactly what I expected it to be, but worse. We decide to sit at a table ( I must mention that it was FREEZING IN THERE) and after a while of just sitting ...... and waiting...... my boyfriend walks up to the counter and tries to order. The waitress cuts him off and tells him in a nasty tone "you have a server". So we wait some more. And some more. Why we didn't just leave then, I don't know. But eventually an unapologetic waitress came to take our order. Our drinks come. The three of us ordered the same beers, but they all came in different glasses, and one of them definitely had less in the glass than the others. The DVD ends and they put in another, this one is even more blaringly loud, and I understand that this is a "metal" bar, but I don't want to hear a pre-concert interview breaking my eardrums. I had to cover my ears. Then my friend tells me to look behind me, and I see the two nasty bartender girls hanging all over the douchey bartender dude. They are having him compare their boobs. Touching and all. Seriously. Maybe this type of crowd would enjoy this, but I certainly do not. It was like a big, gross, douchebag orgy. We chugged our beers as fast as we could and left. Our waitress also smoked two cigarettes in the 20 minutes we were there. Maybe she could chill on the smoking, and focus on serving her waiting customers. I will never be back. I hope Lockdown goes out of business. It's seriously one of the ugliest buildings I've ever seen and i don't want it in my neighborhood. Whoever compared it to a metal Chuck E Cheese was spot on.
