3 experiences to review and they are not pretty. First time I walked in for Lunch during the week and the bar had probably a total of 6-8 people in the entire place and was fully staffed. Ordered an appetizer from the bar and took it to our table where our server took our lunch order along with the drink order. Long story short, We finished our appetizer and received our entrees before we even got a glass of water let alone our first and only order of beers. Now it would be totally different if the place was packed and the server was in the weeds, however it doesn't help the servers reasons when he is parked at the host stand the entire time we were there. Hey off day no biggie right....WRONG! Next time I go in is with my uncles on a Friday night. My uncle orders a Stoli & 7up, observes the Lady Bartender pour a one second pour and water the rest down with soda. After trying the drink he informs the bartender that he tastes no alcohol in the drink. The bartender proceeds to grab a straw and taste the drink herself and and agrees, has the bar manager taste the drink and he agrees. They state the obvious to my uncle and tell him that it must be the soda. DUH! So my Uncle asks if they can top it off with another shot of stoli please. NO ONE SHOULD pay 8 dollars for SODA POP. So as the bartender is pouring the drink, she looks dead in my uncle's eyes and says and I quote maybe you can't taste the alcohol because you've been drinking all day long. What the hell kinda of service is that? And the last and final experience comes from this past Sat night. My other uncle stops in after work for a couple rounds of the beer flights they have with some buddies. He buys the first, friend buys the second, other friend buys the third round. So on the 4th round of these beer shots he orders and is served. He hands the bartender a 20$ oh and let me point out that this is the same young lady that made the inappropriate comment to my other uncle. The bill is 9$ so they are about to close and my uncle states to the barkeep that he never received his change from the last round he bought. She tells him oh I don't even remember you paying for those drinks. There is no way she could have thought that the 11$ due back was hers because the party was paying for each round individually with tip. He and his party weren't even able to finish that round. We only live a block away from this establishment and had such high hopes but it turns out to be the biggest letdown since the BARTMAN scandal at Wrigley! I personally work in an industry that allows me to recommend fun new places to dine and drink. This will not be on the list. If I could give it no stars I would.
