How can I describe this place? I think the best phrase I can come up with is "meat orgy." My husband has always wanted to try one of these places so the last time we were in Chicago I let him make a dinner reservation. We showed up a little early but we were seated promptly. We had pretty good seats next to the kitchen so the meat was always nice and sizzling hot when we got it...mmm. The term "salad bar" is a misnomer. It's more like a giant banquet of antipasti and side dishes. You could make a meal out of those offerings alone. (Salad is for suckers.) Resist the temptation to fill up on the delectable nibbles offered there, because when you return to your table and flip your token to the green side, you will be subjected to a full frontal meat assault. I'm actually not much of a carnivore, but I freaking LOVED all of it. I had bacon wrapped chicken, garlic parmesan pork, pork tenderloin, flank steak, porterhouse...all of it unbelievably good. (There was only one cut that I didn't like, I think it was the garlic steak. Just a touch overdone and tough.) I almost had a "When Harry Met Sally" moment when eating the filet mignon. Unreal. They offer you sides of garlic mashed potatoes and fried plantains. The fried plantains are especially yummy and I'm afraid I just ate way too many of them. I don't have any real gripes, but the service could've been a little friendlier, and we sometimes seemed to get bypassed by some of the meats. My poor husband was really wanting to try the Brazilian sausage and the gaucho with the sausage never seemed to make it past our table. We finally were able to get his attention, though. After you have obviously tapped out in your battle with the meat, the waiter brings out a dessert tray. It all looked great, but I don't know who would be able to order dessert here...maybe one of those competitive eating guys, or Jabba the Hutt. You will probably cross your pain threshold here (like I did), but you will love it in spite of that. Mmmm, mmm, mmm, tasty meat.
