I had another exquisite dinner at Bonsoiree. It is quickly becoming my new favorite restaurant. I had the March Underground Menu on Friday night with six beautiful ladies, and every bite was perfection. I also had the pleasure of finally meeting Chef Shin Thompson, Luke Creagan and Pastry Chef, B. Ross. There is something very calming about the restaurant. It is a small space, but very well designed. The floral arrangements are worth noting too, as they were absolutely beautiful and change weekly. Our menu included the following - your mouth might water. Amuse of inside out crusted trout - Delicious. The trout crusted the macadamia nut inside. At first you taste the salty trout, and then bite down into the nutty core - what a great combination! Watercress salad with miso-leek vinaigrette and stuffed lotus root - Shin recommended that we bite into the lotus root first. Overall, it was light, crisp and delicious. Mesquite smoked bacon in a box with quail egg and toasted marshmallows - We were presented with small bento-ish boxes, and when Shin lifted the lid, out came a charcoal/woody/smoky aroma that was reminiscent of a campfire. The sweetness of the toasted marshmallows combined with the smoked bacon was sinfully good! Parsnip and roasted chestnut soup with snow crab toast - This was by far, my favorite course. I could eat it every day. The parsnip and chestnut soup was slightly sweet and creamy, and the snow crab toast melts in your mouth. Nantucket Bay Scallop - I have to say that this was the ideal course to follow the parsnip and chestnut soup. Scallops are my favorite, and this did not disappoint! Waygu Beef Cheek with cous cous: The Wagyu beef cheek was slowly cooked and fell apart with a touch of the fork. It was absolutely delicious. Goat Cheese pound cake and Sancho Berry: I was so full (and tipsy) by the time we got to the dessert course, but the Sancho Berry re-energized me and brought the buzz back into my taste buds. When I bit into the cake, I couldn't tell if it was pound cake or cheese cake...hmmm... What I liked most was that it wasn't too sweet. It was perfect. Grapefruit and Raspberry Cheesecake: Can I just say that pastry chef B. Ross is the cutest thing ever? Like I want to put him in my pocket. So out comes our special second dessert course. The grapefruit had a candied outer layer that was intensely sweet and tart at the same time. As for the cheesecake, it was incredibly light and fluffy. We all sat in silence for a few minutes taking it all in. We finally ended our meal with the miracle fruit and lemon wedges. I felt like I was in the Matrix. Shin came out and told us to lick the lemon... dissolve the miracle fruit (it was in a tablet form) in our mouths, and them... we took a bit into the lemon wedge... LEMONADE!! For about 30 minutes, everything was sweet!! Wine turned to port and water turned into sweet hydration! I will be back many times again. Bonsoiree combines amazing food that is artistically presented in an atmosphere that is warm, friendly and very welcoming. Having the chefs serve each table puts a wonderful personal touch to the meal, making diners want to come again and again. That Shin Thompson is brilliant (and super hot).
