A friend and I had a fantastic dinner at Mercat a la Planxa last night! We were in the mood for tapas, and Iberico honestly just doesn't really do it for me, so we figured we'd try somewhere new.  Our server was Jerry and he was fabulous. He recommended a few things off of the menu based off of what we said we were in the mood for, let us spend as much time as we wanted just enjoying our food and ordering more, and was attentive but not obtrusive.  We started out with the seasonal sangria. It involved chiles and cilantro, which sounds kind of bizarre, but it was wonderful. It had a nice bite but was really refreshing.  We started out with the chef's cheese plate. It comes with 3 different types of cheese - 1 with goat's milk, 1 with sheep's milk, and 1 with cow's milk. Each of them also came with an accompanying sauce - in this case we had a peach jam, an apple jam, and a black olive caramel sauce. I ended up using the jams on the accompanying bread and eating the cheeses alone, as they were quite good on their own.  Our next course was bacon-wrapped dates with almonds with a bit of blue cheese drizzled on top. Oh. My. God. These were phenomenal. We tried to convince the server that we just wanted a bucket of those for the rest of our meal. They're smoky and sweet and just melt in your mouth. They were so good that we actually ordered a second order of them.  After that, we had the flatbread with shrimp, chorizo, and garbanzo bean puree. Also surprisingly good with just a hint of garlic and butter.  Our next choice was the paella. It was perfect - seafood and crunchy rice on a hot metal platter. It's so easy to screw up paella, but they did a wonderful version here. And my friend is from Miami - she knows good Paella and good seafood, and she raved about what we had here.  Our final dish was a dish of spinach, apples, nuts, and a few other things. It was probably my least favorite of the night - it was nicely done, but the spinach seemed a bit overwhelmed by all the other flavors present.  All in all a wonderful addition to the tapas scene. A bit pricey for my liking, but well worth the cash.
