3.5 I ended up at The Whitehall because they offered the best rate going for my last minute, end-of-week, one-night biz trip stay. A happy chance meeting for me. I'd stay here again. If you're looking for a shiny modern-contemporary boutique hotel experience, this isn't it. Whitehall has a more comfortable, traditional vibe that wouldn't be hurt by a little updating -- perhaps an interior paint job, some more modern lighting. But don't be put off by the lobby area (rather dark and fusty) as the rooms are much nicer. The staff I dealt with was friendly and helpful (walking maps, suggestions, taxi-hailing). Although I'd reserved a king they offered to switch me to a larger corner room with two queens so I could enjoy a view. Glad I agreed, for two reasons: 1) the view; 2) with two beds in the room it meant I could do one of my favorite things to do when traveling & staying alone in a hotel - build a big downy bed-cocoon in one bed using the pillows and comforter from the second.  And honestly....The beds. ROCKED. Their matresses have some sort of brand name like 'Hypnose' or 'Hypnotic' or something like that, and they were. The pillows were perfect, the comforter was light and downy, and the high-thread count sheets slid against my skin like, well, high-thread count sheets. I don't usually sleep well in unfamiliar surroundings on the first night, but I did here -- thanks to my high-thread count bed cocoon and the perfectly quiet environment (I was on the 15th floor, which might account for the silence). The bathroom was dandy, the complimentary robes delightful, and the view charming. After getting back around 10:30 or so from my biz-event on Friday night I did find myself wishing they had 24-7 room service of some sort. I was hungry and tired but had to wander down to the attached restaurant, Fornetto Mei, to try and snag something to bring back to my room before the restaurant closed...and it was about to, so mine was the last order of the evening. Ended up getting a room temp pizza that was just 'meh.' The Whitehall's location is superb, particularly if you're like me and you decide at the last minute that you don't want to wear what you brought to wear to the event you have to be at in three hours. I just strolled across the street to the shopping plaza that houses Bloomies, Banana Republic, a freshly opened Karen Millen boutique, JCrew, etc. etc., and had a mini shopping spree. Lots of other posh, high-end boutiques in the area too if you're staying at the Four Seasons and have the matching bank account. * Fun Factoid? (I should probably look this up before spreading potential misinfo...too lazy)  Someone at my biz event told me the Whitehall was famous as the hotel the Rolling Stones used to stay in and, presumably, party in and otherwise generally act like the Rolling Stones in, back in the day.
