The food comes close all by itself to earning the five stars. The dishes are perfectly executed, innovative and entirely delicious, but not quite amazing enough to overcome the blah atmosphere and good but not great service. Carpaccio. This dish is not about the raw fish. It's all about what's on top. The star off the dish was without a doubt the pickled ramps. I would take a bowl of just these ramps and be perfectly happy. Tart and "oniony" with a spicy, peppery finish. Imaginative and delicious. Pea and fava bean soup. When a bowl of puke green soup came out, I was skeptical. But it worked. In fact, I debated for a few seconds whether to lick the bowl clean. Don't know what made it so good. Maybe it was the artichoke foam. It certainly wasn't the cauliflower garnishing the dish. Scallop and crab motoyaki. F'ing amazing. My wife actually moaned with delight after the first bite. Usually these sorts of moans are reserved for chocolate desserts, maybe a steak, but never seafood. Lamb with morels. You need to add the foie gras for an extra $12 to make this dish five star worthy. Without the foie gras this would probably have been the weakest dish of the night. Dessert. A whole lotta chocolate. Excellent. Chocolate spoon was visually the most impressive, but the homemade "Oreo" was the highlight. Overall, the food was fantastic. If you care most about having delicious and creative dishes, this very well might be a five star place. The food is certainly refined, but it is innovative and not at all boring. This is a spot for foodies and wannabes like me. While I plan to return and try the 9 course meal (when I get the energy to do a 3 hour meal), this place may not be for everyone. The wait between dishes seemed a little longer than I would typically expect. The space was a little blah (a date would probably not be impressed). Also, if you sit a little too close to one of the vents, you might end up freezing your butt off every time air starts blowing out. Women should bring a sweater. The star here is the food and there is very little to complain about on that front.
