We went for a quick last minute weekend anniversary get away and wanted somewhere nice but not too expensive. I found this place on http://hotels.com and it was the cheapest on a Friday ( considering it was a holiday weekend) and looked decent , and was across from the drake close to all the touristy things to do in Chicago. The downside is that we drove from Milwaukee and parking in Chicago is atrocious enough as it is but the hotels valet service costs $50-ish bucks and I was not happy about that. The good thing is there is a parking garage LITERALLY across the street that is only $35.. you can't take your car in and out though and that's only for 24 hours. SO we did that, problem solved. Deets on the Digs: Presumably re-vamped recently, outside of the rooms were kinda run down, I don't know if they pay attention to these things but door frames and floor boards were filthy and in need of a good coat of paint. The elevator was terrifying. I mean, talk about a death box. I am claustrophobic enough as it is but I could barely move with all our luggage. I overlooked these things because of the price and location and then get into the room and it is small but very luxurious. I read others reviews here about the showers and laughed because there's instructions IN the shower on how to use them and I have to say I don't think I've taken that many showers in a 24 hour period, ever. I loved it. The marble in the bathroom echoed and it kinda made me self conscious about using the loo considering you could hear everything. I would suggest some kind of better rug or something in there that would muffle the noise. Also the toilet was confusing, The flusher was on the wall above the toilet and has two buttons that do the same thing. I guess it's a "fancy" thing I don't understand but I thought it was unnecessary The bed was AMAZING.. if not for the fact that we wanted to sight see I would have stayed in and slept. I was so comfortable in fact I passed out as soon as my head hit the pillow. Our bed at home is now an utter disappointment. We ordered room service twice and I have to say it was quiet reasonable. We split pancakes in the morning and they were delicious. My boy got late night cheesecake the night before and because they were missing an ingredient they gave us two pieces! Quite nice. Overall, knowing the small discrepancies here and there I would definitely stay there again.
