On the outside, it was pretty and well taken care of. Inspite of the construction on the corner of State and Grand, the exterior was still well swept, nary a noise was heard through the construction, and inside the lobby was wonderfully appointed. On the inside however, the hotel was suffering from the need for a makeover, much more than new beds could ever offer. It looked like any Marriott from the late 80's and 90's, our two queen suite even being overlooked by a Marriott hotel, likely giggling whenever we opened the windows, saying to itself "Yeah. I remember when I looked like that. Good times." The front desk employees weren't much help (aside from the Consierge). Despite a clearly labeled 3pm check-in time, our room wasn't ready at 3pm. In fact, it wasn't ready at 4pm when we'd returned to the hotel after a few drinks in the attached Weber Grill. The front desk employee who'd asked if she could help us rolled her eyes when I asked if our room was ready. "Sir, we're very busy," she replied. "Your room is marked as cleaned, but there's something they need to replace in housekeeping. Let me call them." Two other people approached the desk and were told the same. I stood up after a half-hour and glared (I'm good at glaring) slightly. The girl, with a lobby full of people, disappeared for a while. The consierge, who's name I didn't catch, smiled and nodded at me. He cleared off a luggage cart and told my son (who's name he'd heard once in passing, which shames me more for not remembering his) to stand there, and he'd be right back. He disappeared for a few minutes, and came back, nudging me. "Ask her again if your room's ready. I'll betcha it is," he said with a wink. I did. It was. We were on our way. As for the room? The best I can say is that it was a place to sleep. I certainly didn't feel as though I was in the lap of luxury, though for the price I paid, I certainly shouldn't, either. Still, their wannabe Sleep Number bed is for the birds. The lowest setting is just flat enough to emulate a more than worn-out mattress. The highest, firmest setting was marginally harder than concrete. The middle setting was non-existent. I didn't sleep well, but, I did sleep. Would I stay here again? Sure. If I were on a trip with family, I would absolutely stay here again. The pool was nice, if small. The attached food options and location are wonderful. And the staff that wasn't a front desk employee were amazingly friendly much in the vein of everyone else we'd met in the city.
