I biked along the lake front to see all the newly errected sculptures from Addison to as far south as the Museum Campus. The wind was torture as I headed south but I pushed on knowing I was planning to stop at Crisp on the way home.  When I was handed my order, the aromas immediately permiated the air around me. I carefully placed the bag in my backpack and purposfully left the top part of my bag open to allow the food some room to vent. The wind was to my back now making the ride home easier, but the torture was smelling the aromas coming out of my back pack. That only inspired me to hurry home. At home,my sense of taste and touch was able connect with my sense of smell. Tthe torture was all worth it. Crisp has FlavorFULL chicken, seriously finger lickin' good --they need to own that phrase from KFC (which doesn't come even close to Crisp). Crisp does chicken the way chicken should be done. Also had the steak bowl, bulgogi, okay. I had a taste of it and kept it in the fridge for another time. I missed the traditional pickled sides that usually accompany Korean entrees. I wamted to concentrate on the chicken. I won't be able to stop thinking about or craving the flavors I was exposed to today. TWO DAYS LATER: So in the beginning I wasn't impressed by the steak bowl. Looing at it, I thought the rice ratio was too high. But after evening church service today, I was starved and remembered the steak bowl in the fridge. This time I poured over the so called "Atomic" sauce which I had overlooked before thinking it was just orange colored mayo. Immediately touching my tongue I knw why they call it what they do! The stuff is just out of this world! To think I almost threw it out! The favors and textures added 100% kick to the dish and now I think the bulgogi rice ratio is just right. Not only will I be returning to Crisp for their incredible chicken but for their steak bowl saturated with the Automic sauce! I'm looking forward to trying all the other items as well. I now consider Crisp my favorite restaurant! It no doubt has flavors that keep my taste buds overly, delightfully stimulated! Nothing wrong with overly stimulated taste buds ;}
