Sunda - what a blunder!!!!We (couple of my friends and I) decided to go to Sunda for our New Year brunch hoping for a great meal. First thing we found was that it was a reduced menu but we decided to keep an open mind when we saw that it said $10 unlimited dim sum when you order an entree. We had a reservation yet it took 10 mins for someone to come take our drink orders. When the drinks came, my order was wrong (how confusing is it when the order is a lychee mimosa but I got what I thought was a mango mimosa). The server didnt even notice it and didn't bother to come ask us how our drinks were. Then we order our food (after another 10 min wait for the server to come back). Now the restaurant was busy but not packed so these delays didnt make sense. We had ordered 3 entrees and 3 sets of dumplings under the $10 unlimited menu. After 25 minutes of waiting for the food, the server comes over, makes some fake apologies and informs us that they ran out of dumplings coz they didnt plan well (genuises!!! considering that they said unlimited - was that really a surprise). What pissed me off was that it took 20 minutes to let us know - makes me think they filled other orders and then stuck us with the "ran out of" excuse. Then they say that they will replace the orders with sushis but our server is nowhere in sight to take the order after he hands over the menu. At this time the restaurant was mostly empty. It was the shoddiest display of service I have ever seen. Then they bring out the entrees and my friend's rice is ice cold. At this point he really gives them a piece of his mind and then they call over the management team to placate us. Our server of course kept vanishing off to serve his friends who had come into the restaurant and were seated not too far from us. We decide to order a 2nd drink and I clearly tell the server that I want the mango mimosa that was mistakenly served but he brings over a lychee this time instead. i send him back and he gets me a mango mimosa. We all do a double take because this was clearly not what I was served the last time. It makes me wonder what I was served the last time around - lychee mimosa mixed with someone else's left over drink?? It was really the most disappointing meal I have had in many years....what a colossal New Year's Day mistake. They covered the charges of our 2nd drinks and the sushi orders as a gesture when they should have given us the entire meal free after this.... PLEASE DONT GO TO SUNDA if you can help it...its all hype and no substance....pathetic service.....guess customer is clearly not king there - wonder how long they will survive with this kind of service in a city with so many options....
