I really miss the original location of Wishbone on Grand Avenue, you know, "back in the day." Anyway, the lovely Beth R. and I made our way to the Lincoln Avenue location of Wishbone yesterday evening for dinner at her suggestion. Once I realized it was a Wednesday, I wondered if they still had the fried chicken special on Wednesdays like they used to. A quick perusal of the menu confirmed that they did. Score; sold. We both wanted to sit outside on such a pleasant evening and getting a table was no problem. I didn't even need to look at the menu since fried chicken was in the offing, so I only needed to select my sides, but Beth was clearly looking for something less decadent than fried chicken, so she had to look over the menu. Wishbone has flavored lemonades that are really good and refreshing. I noticed that they took the watermelon lemonade off the menu, but they still had strawberry, cantaloupe, cucumber, and one other flavor that I'm forgetting. I ordered the cucumber, which was slightly slushy and nicely tart, but clean-tasting with the addition of cucumber. Beth is fond of veggie burgers, so she decided to order that, but turned her nose up at the choice of side dishes, so the veggie burger would have no such unhealthy accompaniment. My fried chicken? Not so much. I added macaroni and cheese and green beans with sauteed mushrooms. Our food shows up and I could not look like a bigger pig next to this dainty eater: 4 huge pieces of fried chicken, macaroni and cheese, and green beans dripping in butter vs. a veggie burger with no adornments. I may just get a complex if I continue to go out to eat with her. The fried chicken was really good, just not as good as I remember, but I definitely enjoyed it. The mac and cheese was creamy and cheesy; just what you'd want in an unhealthy side dish when you're already going for broke. The green beans were literally dripping with butter and were overcooked, but the mushrooms were a nice touch. She enjoyed her veggie burger but proclaimed it as not one of the best she's had. You'll have to wait for her "Veggie Burger" list to see who holds that distinction. I hadn't been to Wishbone for quite some time and the last time was for brunch which I did not enjoy. Dinner is better in my opinion, and far less crowded than going for breakfast or brunch, which I find is inconsistent and rather expensive for what you get. I don't love Wishbone, but I will be back to get my fried chicken fix when the mood strikes.
