I'm not sure why this place gets such uneven reviews. I'm not a regular, so I'm rather reserved in judgment and torn between 3 and 4 stars. I went a couple months back for a celebratory dinner for my cousin's graduation from Northwestern. From the time I landed in Chicago, my very seasoned, fine-dining cousins loaded up my itinerary for one fabulous meal after another. Sprout was to be among the highlights.  We arrived promptly for our reservation at 7pm and was almost immediately seated - not bad for a party of 9. Whether by chance or my uncle's usual sleight of hand magic, we got what I considered to be the prime spot in the house, straddling the tall open windows in front. There, we had the privilege of the whole restaurant and a vantage of the night patrons sauntering past in the balmy mid-summer eve.  On crisp table linens, we found the single sheath that serviced the prix fixe menu. Our ever gracious host had omitted the usual distraction of prices, so our only burden was to navigate the excruciatingly high-brow descriptions of their epicurean delights. Here, I must give thanks to the availability of iPhones and google to divine their mysteries as even my sister, a professionally trained chef, found their francophone references obscure. In the end, we defaulted to the usual tactic of having one of each item to be shared around the table. We also ordered a bottle of adequate, but non-descript zin to accompany. What came out for our meal, I'm at a loss to describe with any facility. Let's just say that most dishes resembled what we'd only previously seen on TV cooking competition shows -- exotic food artfully piled on ingratiating dishware. While I can't say I liked more than a third of the dishes, I did have a range of novel experiences on my palate. For that reason alone, Sprout may be worth the price. Ironically, the most memorable part of the meal was not even described on their menu. It was their cheese-fried cheese melt, which was their signature filler since they must anticipate few customers will be satiated by the miniscule portions served. While resplendent with salt, I polished off three of them, gathered from around the table. That alone salvaged the whole meal, for me at least. I wasn't allowed anywhere near the check, but I heard we tabbed out around $1600 for the 9 of us. While the meal was enjoyable, I didn't find it to be a compelling value worthy of a repeat visit.
