Honestly, I think we may have hallucinated the whole thing. Because of your own alcohol, the food, the decor, and the music, it's like we were transported to another dimension. A very delicious alternate dimension. To back up, yeah, I'm one of those assholes who got a res on the first try. My friend was telling me about Schwa, which I had never heard of, and could hardly believe his claims of how hard it was to get a res. I had to see this for myself. The phone rings...rings...rings..."Hello?". My mind races: HOLY...WHAT DO I DOOOO? I quickly browse my computer calendar for a free Friday, they say yes, and we're off. The outside is totally non-descript. It's across from that place on Ashland with electric palm trees that sells rims. You've maybe passed it a hundred times without knowing, but of course had been distracted by all the shiny rims in the window across the street. But once you step inside, it's hard to believe the space exists. Because of the lighting, a white and silver, it seems like you walked into a futuristic spaceship. That's a good thing. A note on the music: as has been mentioned, the music will alternate between gangster rap and hardcore hardcore with no discernible pattern. It's as if the music is used to get you into a mood of LET'S MOTHERF***ING EAT!!! And we mother f-ing did. We brought two bottles of wine. That seemed to be the right amount for two of us. We also wish we brought a few beers for the wait staff. There were fiver of them and it seems like they hold the positions of head chef, preparer, and waiter. But really, they all overlap in jobs and all are incredibly knowledgable about the menu. The chef will serve food, and the waiter will be helping in the kitchen. At first our interactions with the staff were the usual dinner-to-waitstaff relationship, but as the courses came out, we all started to thaw and loosen up. At one point, after my girlfriend called one dish "interesting" our waiter yells out "Interesting? That means she doesn't like it!" to josh her. If you get the 11-course (really 12-course) dinner, it'll take about three hours. Prepare to either have lots to talk about, get really drunk, or both (I chose both). The best dish had to be the quail egg ravioli. You only get one, the nirvana is fleeting, but damn is it fine. Now my girlfriend thinks she's a foodie...and I'm out a whole lot of money. Thanks, Schwa!
