Been going here for a while. Never disappointed until recently. I must disclaim that I only share this with you as fellow foodies that can appreciate how important it is to be able to marry up the quality of food with the quality of service. Read on for a ridiculous experience here.... I ordered the smoked chicken wings for my starter, as per usual. They arrive....I begin....delicious. And then I look into my stack of tangy smoked chicken wing goodness and NOTICE.....wait for it....Out of a dozen wings, there were ZERO drumettes. (Okay, so this is the part of the story where you read on or stop and dismiss me as just another foodie.) A-hem, anyway, it's been my experience that when ordering "wings' ANYWHERE there is always some lame ratio of wings to drumettes....let's say 4 to 1. (1 being a drumette) So, I call the waiter over...explain casually this ridiculous oversight...and he looks at me like I'm speaking Greek and immediately states that he cannot take care of it and that this is an issue for the manager. I laughed and thought he was joking. Minutes later, she (manager) comes over and asks what the issue is. I explain politely. She kinda understands but then defends her kitchen saying that the 'chefs aren't trained' in that area. I about choked. REALLY??? Well, based on the prices, it's probably time you taught your chefs to look at a plate before it leaves the kitchen. And then to argue with a customer is just in poor taste as well. I did receive a new plate of Smoked Chicken Wings....and to tell me 'UP YOURS'...the manager gave me ALL drumettes. When the waiter delivered the new plate...he rudely commented .."well you know, it does say WINGS on the menu".  Lame. Unclassy. Ballsy. The rest of the meal was great aside from the tasteless bloody mary. For the record....my lifeless waiter's name is CHRISTOPHER and the half-ass manager who likes to challenge paying customers, her name is MICHELLE. Food is clearly better than the people that work there. Next time, take out.
