Does "Davanti" mean delicious? It not, it should. Plan to take a lovely rustic Italian journey at this new University Village Enoteca with exposed brick, artsy lighting and a contemporary flare leading a modern, though charming, culinary charge. Though the menu is certainly family dining centric, the spot itself is very dateworthy. Loved the vibe of this bustling wine shop/bar/restaurant and found its lively crowd, personable staff and delightful bites absolutely appealing. Granted, the no reservations policy here isn't my favorite and causes a bit of a hitch... with a more intimate seating area, wait times can be long and I get awfully unruly when left unfed for more than a modicum of time. Fortunately, Davanti has ample bar space and snacks can be ordered while you uncomplainingly (or not) await to be seated. A compromise if ever I've heard one! Most dining seating is found in an open back area beside the exposed brick archways that house the walls upon walls of retail wine selection that is, yes, available for your purchase! What seemed like such a perfect concept to marry the wine you fall in love with drinking, with what you can actually take home on the spot was quickly soured for me, however, when I spotted one of my favorite wines and - get this - its price tag labeled at over 50% above what I normally purchase it for at Binny's or specialty wine boutiques. For shame! My perception now, sadly, is that they drastically and unreasonably overcharge in the retail wine arena. Now whether that is true for all bottles remains to be seen, but the vino writing was on the wall for me: I'll take my formaggi without a fleecing, thanks. Luckily, the cuisine consumables were far more in line with economies of scale and - huzzah! - totally tasty to boot. Fell madly in love with several of the starters, especially the ultra fresh roasted cherry tomato, burrata and basil pesto salad and the rich and decadent truffle egg toast with velvety egg yolk, melty fontina and grilled asparagus. Mama Mia, Mangia! Even our entree of roasted strip steak with peppery arugula, sea salt and a hit of extra virgin olive oil was light, bright and as with all other dishes, had its own distinguishing trademark that made it unique and special. Now, every once in awhile a clunker exists on a menu... my trio was unfortunate enough, I think, to have unearthed Davanti's. The Pizza con Salsiccia e Rapini (with Italian mild sausage, broccoli rabe, garlic, chili oil, fresh mozzarella and tomato) was an overloaded, muddled and really bitter disaster. From one who subscribes to the "pizza is like sex; even when it's bad it's still pretty good" philosophy, this pizza was seriously like the worst sex ever. A book and warm blankie would have been better. A gorgeous dessert called Torta Bacio, a fluffy chocolate-hazelnut mousse with a crunchy, candy bottom nestled up to vanilla and hazelnut housemade gelato, quickly redeemed any bitterness I was holding on to from that ill-fated pizza pie. Hey-O! This is the sweet life I was looking for. Overall a nice experience and one unquestionably worth returning for. Ciao, Baby, Ciao!
