I live close to Longman and have eaten here many times - more often than at any other restaurant in Chicago. The first few times were in the spring of 2011. I thought this place was really great - I liked the interior, the mix of people, secondary cut centric menu... it made me so happy that this was in my neighbourhood. Flash forward to 2012 and I have to say, I wish the michelin team would do a surprise visit. It should not have a star at this point. A year or two ago, perhaps. The downhill trajectory began for me in October 2011. That meal was - ok. I tried all the interesting cuts like lamb heart, etc. things I am normally excited to try, but it was kind of bland and the temperature lukewarm. Salty and fatty, as some here have commented, but without much flavour. The food didn't taste as though it had been cooked a la minute like it should be at a place with a michelin star. Nothing popped. Since that meal, I've been giving it a try whenever I had an excuse - guests in town, any occasion. After many subsequent visits, I've had to write it off.It may be getting 5 stars from people who just like the neighbourhood or something, but my older foodie friends from out of town have been totally underwhelmed, to the point where I've had to apologize. The sweet breads with ranch - just don't do this! Sweet breads should be crispy, light and delicious, their subtle flavour should be the focus. Heavy, oily breading and a ton of distracting, overpowering sauce just ruins them. As my friend said these are sweetbreads for people who don't actually like sweetbreads. The buffalo wing gimmick doesn't work. People here have also said they like the crab benedict - I couldn't deal with this. Enormous, unpleasantly unctuous, salty and same-same, like many of their brunch items. A very odd flavour permeated the dish - it was sort of off somehow. A few bites of the chicken and waffles had me thinking this is great! but the initial impression disappeared after 6 more bites. I agree with the commenter who thought the inside was lukewarm/cool. More prep shortcuts, it seems. I took the rest home and never finished it. I can't ever seem to get through an entire meal at Longman, but I can at similar restaurants. They do give you a lot, but my stomach must be detecting some salt-fat quotient that is off the charts. This was literally my favourite restaurant when I first moved to Chicago. I like the staff - no problems there. They are all nice, even the chefs I've had to send dishes back to. But the food - it has so little taste, gives me a stomach ache and yet costs so much.
