Wow, what a difference a day makes. We came here because my friend had read that bon appetit had voted this restaurant onto the best new restaurant list. WHAT A MISTAKE THAT IS. This restaurant is so snotty they dont take reservations. I can tell you its not as good as a Rick Bayless restaurant or the Girl and the Goat. Rick Bayless deserves to do the no reservation policy, this restaurant DOES NOT. We walked in around 3:50pm. The place had PLENTY of seating. We stood by the door waiting to be acknowledged. No one greeted us. Instead, when we were looking around the restaurant deciding on the best place to sit, we were spoken down to by the hostess who said to us "I will seat in you a moment." Wow. Not even a "hello". When our hostess finally decided to seat us, she seated us at a communal table, when there were tables of two that were empty. When I requested to sit at the two person table, she said I could not sit there because she wanted to keep the balance of patrons to waiters. I could understand that. What I could NOT understand was that she seated a white couple who arrived TWO MINUTES LATER at the table that I had requested to sit at. I was PISSED. After having being seated at a table I was not happy with, we started thinking about leaving because we sat at our communal table for 15 minutes without a greeting of "hello" or "I'll be right with you" from our server, who served the couple to our left AND our right and had passed by us multiple times within those 15 minutes. We were really going to get up and leave but at this point, the waterboy decided to come and give us water (20 minutes later). At this point (20 minutes later), our server decided to come and talk to us. He talked as if he was being friendly but I totally didnt buy his "personality". We already knew what we wanted to order since we had such a long time to look at the menu. We ordered the bone marrow, pigs ear with kale, and the pig shoulder. Everything tasted only OK. Nothing was really delicious. The best of the dishes was the bone marrow. Towards the end of the meal, our waiter took forever to settle the check. He totally did NOT deserve the 20% tip we gave him (we only gave him 20% so as not to perpetuate the stereotype that asians are cheap tippers). As I was struggling to dodge all the people inside the restaurant to use the restroom, another waiter looked at my shirt (I was wearing a Red Sox t-shirt) and said "Red Sox, I dont think so.." Do I care what you think? Not really. Could I go without all the commentary from the wait staff? Yes. Would I ever come back here again? NO. That was the worst birthday dining experience I ever had. I even saw the owner of the restaurant (the younger one) pass by us a few times and he didn't say anything to us while we were waiting 20 minutes for service. This place and the people who work here think they are top notch. They need a reality check. I honestly think they treated us like crap because we were asian. I can tell when I've been discriminated against and this was one of those times. I hate to make it all about race, but if we were treated even A LITTLE better I wouldn't have. I recommend going to the Girl and the Goat. The food is much more DELICIOUS AND CREATIVE and the service is more FRIENDLY AND ATTENTIVE than this place.
