San Soo Gab San is one of the most popular Korean BBQ restaurant in the city (the other being Cho Sun Ok). I have been to both places several times and I can definitely say that I have a better experience at San Soo. It is more spacious and that means there is less wait although it really depends when you go. I usually go on weeknights, lunch or early evening to avoid the crowds. Of course, one of the most interesting part of the meal is the side dishes. I didn't count but there could easily be 15-20 different side dishes and they are complimentary. It's good that they have large tables too. I actually saw a couple eating at a small table and they had to stack up the dishes like a pyramid. Funny. If it's your first time, you would probably think how on earth can you finish all these food - they are just appetizers! If you're here, you have got to try the barbecues. They have got the basics from beef short ribs (kalbi) to squid to baby octopus. But of course, the most delish of all is the kalbi. You cook your meat on a grill on top of a charcoal burner (yes, charcoal!), unlike Cho Sun Ok, where they use gas stoves and stone plates. To me, you can't beat grilling with charcoal because my legs go weak when I smell it. They have plenty of other stews, soups and entrees if you don't want BBQ. The other appetizer that i would highly recommend to go with your meal is the pajun (seafood pancake). Seafood?? Yes, my friend. Just don't think of the fluffy ones you have for breakfast with butter and syrup. They are thicker than crepes with a hint of chewiness (thanks to the guar gum) and filled with seafood, lots of green onions, eggs and some yummy goodness. So, give them a try. One thing though, just remember to NOT wear your best clothing. Forget about dressing up to impress because you're gonna smell like BBQ short ribs when you leave. p/s: The folks there voluntarily changed the grill when it got a little too charred but at Cho Sun Ok, the server was extremely rude and mad when I asked them to change the stone plate because my mom was allergic to beef. That pretty much ruined my Mother's day dinner.
