So I would say that I know Indian food pretty well (well, North Indian food anyway) and my extensive experience tells me that I can always find vegetarian, nut-free dishes. Somehow, India House managed to prove me wrong.  With Groupon in hand (actually just on my phone), my friend, who has never had more Indian food than a samosa, and I showed up at India House last week. I had been foretelling what a great experience it was going to be because India House always has such great food (well the Schaumburg one does). We were told there would be a half hour wait, which seemed a little bizarre for 8pm on a weekday, but it must have been because of the Groupon nearing expiration. No big deal though, we wandered off to go shopping and then came back. We were seated in the back room of the pretty crowded restaurant and given menus to look through. For those of you that haven't been to India House, prepare yourself for looking through the ~300 items (I really don't even think I'm exaggerating) on the menu that are all similarly described in order to figure out what it is that you really want to eat. I coudn't even imagine figuring it out, so this is where being Indian definitely is useful (thanks Mom and Dad!). I had already requested that my friend eat no meat so that we could share dishes and he had agreed. A rather long period of time lapsed and then the waiter brought out the garlic naan pieces + a sauce (what on earth was it??). He asked if we were ready to order. My friend and I had decided on the samosas and the chaat papdi for appetizers. I then proceeded to tell him that I have a nut allergy. The waiter then replied, then you won't be able to eat anything here! I was literally in shock. A) Who would say something like that. B) Since when are there nuts in every single Indian dish? Apparently there are cashews in most everything, including the samosas. What for India House?? I thought it was extremely strange that the waiter didn't even suggest what I could eat, you know, like restaurant staff normally does, instead, he just stood there. So then I had to suggest items myself and then he would tell me that he didn't think that there were nuts in it. That's really reassuring. We ended up with the chaat papdi and the mixed pakorey. He then told us that he didn't think that I would be able to eat anything else because everything has nuts in it. Again, how helpful. I then asked him to go find out which of the 30 vegetable dishes didn't have nuts in it. While he was gone, the appetizers had come out with an assortment of chutnies, which according to the person that brought them out, also potentially had nuts in them. The evening just got better and better! The waiter then came back and told us that there were 3 vegetable dishes on the menu that didn't have nuts, one of which was the dal makhani (this is one of those dishes that I would never get when I'm out because it's a staple dish at home), so we ended up with the other two, which were channa masala and the okra. I absolutely love channa masala so I was happy about that. Unfortunately, when the food arrived, there was no semblence to what I would consider to be restaurant-quality food. The waiter also never came back to check on us unless I happened to make eye contact with him. This happened once and he came racing over to see what was wrong. Made me think that something had to be wrong... So now let me talk about the food that we had. The sauce that came with the garlic naan pieces also has cashews in it. It basically looked like the sauce from a paneer dish that was being used as a dipping sauce for some reason. The pakoras should have been called onion ring, potato slice and spinach blob in batter. The chaat papdi was a miniature portion for an exorbitant price and the papdi pieces were stale and the toppings were lacking in flavor because there wasn't any spicy chutney on it or much yogurt. The channa masala was actually like the channa that my mom makes at home, which is good because the flavor was good, but bad, because that's not what channa masala are supposed to be like! It is supposed to be a mostly dry mixture of chickpeas, whereas what we had was a soup. And talk about spicy! Even when I told the waiter it was extremely spicy, I received no reaction from him except that that is how it always is. The okra was not cooked thoroughly and most of the dish was large pieces of onion and tomato rather than okra. The okra seemed like it fell into the dish accidentally. There was no real flavor to the dish either. Overall, it was a really terrible experience. I've been relaying this unfortunate tale of India House to most everyone that I have encountered since I have been there. I don't understand how the fact that there are nuts in almost everything isn't noted on the menu. I will never go back to this India House. Next time, for some real Indian food, I will take my friend to Devon, or better yet, to my parents' house.
