I am a little claustrophobic and I obviously didn't read about sitting at the same table as complete strangers. It did not put a damper on my dining experience since my hubby and I sat next to some people who worked for Obama and Feinstein and one of them was dating an assistant college basketball coach who apparently doesn't make that much money as an assistant, and that she wants to marry someone else who makes more money. Yes, my husband and had a completely silent dinner as we listened to an entire conversation next to us. Our only real conversation was with our eyes. Did you hear what she just said?! Anyway, on to the food. We ordered the bone marrow, jamon serrano, milk braised pork shoulder with mashed potatoes, mussels, and wagyu beef. The bone marrow was excellent. I've had bone marrow at another restaurant before, but this was really good. A bit on the oily side but it was a good smear with the salt and salad. My husband enjoyed his jamon. Our little toddler, who accompanied us to a fancy dinner on a Friday night, really loved her pork shoulder. I thought it was good, although not my favorite. She devoured it. The wagyu beef was also tasty, although we ordered it to be cooked medium, which is a big mistake if eating wagyu. Must get it rare so that it melts in your mouth like it's supposed to. I am currently suffering from pregnancy brain so when a server brought scallops to our table and asked if we ordered scallops, I just looked at him and said yes. Turns out, we ordered mussels, not scallops. Anyway, after I took pictures of my scallops and blinded our neighboring politicians, I took a bite and it was to die for! Best scallops I've had and the sauce was amazing. I'm not sure if it was creme fraiche or not because I didn't order it. Whatever it was, I was ready to lick my skewer clean. We ate so much food and it was one of the best meals we ate in Chicago. I would give it 5 stars if it weren't for the tight squeeze at the tables. Do you know how embarrassing it is to ask two people to scoot their chairs in even more so a pregnant mama can get through? It's definitely getting 4.5 stars since we were not charged for our surprise dish. We also fled the restaurant in a hurry when the table on the other side of the politicians just got an apology for their scallop order that just came out after a very long wait.
