I love Yelp but I've always been a lurker. Carnivale made me come out of the shadows and create an account. I have never had as bad an experience as I've had here.Its so weird that I got to experience all the bad yelp reviews in one night, lucky me!1. Bartenders who ignore you. We've been standing and trying to get the attention of this older bartender but got no response. Saw the asian looking one who was recommended by another yelper but he was very busy (maybe getting all ignored people's drinks) and was on the far side so went to the lady instead. It took maybe another 5 minutes before she acknowledged our presence. Got our drinks 10 minutes after that 1st nod. We know you guys are busy but just give us a sign that you see us and we'll feel better waiting! 2. Reservation process. When I called I was informed you can only reserve 5:30 or 9:30 pm. Weird but fine we make one for 9:30. We arrive an hour earlier to get some drinks at the lounge, wasn't a really nice experience (read #1 above) but patiently waited 30 minutes before approaching hostess to ask about our reservation. She asked us to come back if whole party was there. Went back after 15 minutes and she gave us this thing that vibrates once your table is available, she said we'll be seated near the time we reserved. Come 9:30 the thing still wasn't vibrating so approached the desk and they said to wait for a few more minutes because people were just leaving. 9:45 and the thing was still dead, I was losing my patience but approached the desk as calm as possible, the girl gave me the same answer as before. WTF, how hard was it to prepare the tables?The worse part about all this was the girl wasn't very nice, she didn't sound like she's doing everything she could to get us our table! All lip service! I don't know why we even stayed and waited...I guess we were too hungry...too cold and too lazy since we've waited a long time anyways. But whats the point of getting a reservation if you can't get a table at the agreed time??? The thing finally buzzed at 10 pm, 30 minutes past our reservation. The weird thing in all this was, people were being ushered in all the time while we stood there waiting, what time did they reserve 5:30? 3. The food was ok but not worth all the sh*t we had to go through. Was so hungry by the time we were seated that even McDonalds sounded good. I can't believe I paid what I paid just to be treated that way.I don't care how much people love this place. I can get better food and service elsewhere. Never again Carnivale!
