This place was an experience. From the moment you walk in you know you are about to experience a choreographed show where food is the main attraction. You walk in down a purple-lit hallway which opens up dining room that feels like a scene out of Willy Wanka. When we first sat down they placed what they would only cryptically reveal to us were "functional place settings" on the table. My dinner companion described it as a "food circus." I would say it was more than just a meal; it is performance art.  I think the video here is very helpful in understanding how they picture Alinea to be very much about the experience: http://www.youtube.com/w The dishes are mostly things you have never experienced before. It's hard to put them into any particular bucket, but there are definitely some strong asian influences at play. Unfortunately somewhere in the 16 courses and experimentation of flavors means you lose the ability settle into a comfortable place and just enjoy eating good food. There was very little savory content to the experience, and halfway through the meal we were talking about how exciting the hot dog we would get after dinner was going to be.  The one area where the video leads you astray is when it says the restaurant is not pretentious or self-important. You need to wear a jacket to not feel out of place. The people dining around us were all on the older and more serious side of a good time. Each course is delivered to your table and explained by a waiter who is cooler and edgier than you will ever be. The courses are served in custom made place-ware that looks like someones twisted version of the future. That is with the exception of the course that was served on place-ware from the 19th century.  I could go own, but I've already said too much. I don't want to give away all of the secrets of the place, and especially not the ending. So my rating... I would give Alinea 5 stars for the show, 4 stars for the food (interesting but not quite satisfying), and 3 stars for the pretentiousness. That averages out to 4 stars, but really, you should be going for the show, so its probably worth checking out.
