The premise: Work dinner for 6 on a Monday night I always know it's a bad sign when the server leads off with "...has anyone not been here before?" Unless this is a restaurant that actually does require directions - like Fogo de Chao or Zed451 - the server does not need to tell me how to dine. Inevitably, there's always someone at the table who is new to the restaurant, and so begins the long, drawn-out introduction speech about how to navigate the menu, what the server's 10 favorite menu items are, what his favorite drinks are, and so on. I don't like being talked down to, especially when it comes to food. I appreciate a knowledgeable server, but I don't need a slew of questions answered that I haven't even asked. Don't assume that I don't know what ceviche is. Moving onwards, we finally got a chance to order drinks and a couple of ceviches to start off with (tuna and scallop). Not only did the ceviches arrive before my first drink arrived, another pet peeve of mine, we were given the tuna ceviche and the shrimp ceviche (instead of the scallop ceviche we ordered). I understand that mistakes happen and I would have pointed it out had I been with friends rather than co-workers, but it made me angry seeing as how I wasn't pleased with the service to begin with. Our drinks came out shortly afterwards. I had a glass of Malbec (yum) and others at my table had various types of mojitos. The mojitos were on special for $5 and everyone said that they were great. The appetizers were pretty solid, but nothing special. Here's the run-down: Shrimp Ceviche: Not what we ordered, but still pretty good. However, I've had better (at Ay Ay Picante, for example) Tuna Tiradito Ceviche: Delicious - great mix of textures with the jicama and the avocado, and a nice spice from the thin slice of Serrano pepper on each piece.  It was a little odd though that it came with five clear portions and was served to the six of us without warning. Fortunately, one of us didn't like tuna.  Camarones al Ajillo: Nice portion of jumbo grilled shrimp over a garlicky garbanzo puree. When everyone was wondering what the puree underneath was, I probably shouldn't have told them it was really just a glorified hummus. Still, no complaints. Meat and Cheese of Spain: Platter of Manchego cheese, jamn Serrano, mixed olives, and bread. I didn't get a chance to try the cheese, the jamn was milder than I would have liked, and the olives were pretty good. I think it was supposed to also come with some quince paste, but that was nowhere to be found.  Guacamole: Good (but then again, how hard is it to make good guacamole?). It came with nice homemade tortilla chips.  Next, we ordered our entrees. I did appreciate that the server let us take our time with ordering and had nicely spaced out our appetizers. I ordered the beef tenderloin, which came with a goat cheese puree, an arugula chimichurri, and a spicy beet salsa. Overall, I was happy with the dish. I ordered the beef medium-rare, but it was very much on the rare side. I wasn't going to complain because I happen to like rare steak, but I think some people would have sent it back. Both the chimichurri and the beet salsa were very good. The goat cheese puree tasted more like very creamy mashed potatoes rather than goat cheese, but it was good nonetheless.  Other than the tenderloin, my coworkers ordered the spice-rubbed chicken breast, the New York strip, the grouper special, and the arroz con mariscos. Everyone seemed content.  Finally, we ordered two desserts to share: the tres leches cake and the chocolate brownie. I'm sad to say that I was disappointed by both. As far as I know, tres leches cake is supposed to be extremely moist. This one almost had a hard, crusty exterior and a not so moist interior. It came with a cilantro ice cream, which I didn't love but I appreciated the originality. The chocolate brownies looked and tasted like they came out of a Little Debbie package, and that's all I'm going to say about that.  This review may be a little bit harsh, but this place is so over-hyped that I felt I needed to be honest. Last night was actually my second time there. The first time was over a year ago; I don't remember specifics, but I know I ordered the tuna entre and did not like it at all. I've heard so many good things about this place since then that I tried to keep an open mind the second time.  To be fair, Carnivale does have great atmosphere and food to please a wide variety of tastes. Nothing I ate was horrible - it just didn't live up to the hype. I'd give it a 2 1/2 stars if I could, but not 3. Bottom line: I'd go back, but not on my own dime.
