Back in my Yelp rube days, I called this my favorite steakhouse in Chicago. I've been rethinking that today, but I'll probably let it stand. I reevaluate because it doesn't seem special enough; however, it's always at least "good" across the board, if not necessarily great, and I haven't found another place that knocks my socks off. I've probably dined five or six times and always enjoyed myself.  Last night I talked a friend into accompanying me for the Winter Delights prix fixe menu. Even if the food is mediocre, you can't beat a $20 deal. Thankfully, most of the food was far better than mediocre. I started with the chophouse salad (just a plain salad, but with a decent honey-mustard dressing) but also ordered a calamari appetizer to share (not on the prix fixe menu). The calamari were very good; there seemed to be something in the batter giving it more than just a standard fried flavor. The accompanying marinara was bland, but there was also a sort of Cajunish remoulade kind of dip which was really, really good. Beef medallions entree: this seemed like a generous portion for a $20 prix fixe. Kudos to the restaurant for that. And it was damn good, too, served with "bacon and scallion smashed potatoes" and a "mushroom cabernet demi-glace." Those are solid, basic flavors put together very well by the Kinzie kitchen. You can never go wrong with mushrooms, red wine, and steak--those three compliment each other like whiskey, loneliness, and bad decisions. The steak was cooked a perfect medium-rare too. And dessert! I opted for the flourless chocolate cake and was NOT disappointed--quite the opposite, in fact. Flourless cakes are often too rich and/or boring, but this version was one of the best that I've had. It was the perfect balance of solid and gooey, not too potent and not too bland (satisfying the Goldilocks in me). I tried a bite of my friend's rum cheesecake and--I say this as a staunch hater of cheesecake--I would have eaten an entire slice, it was that good.
