So enter the week before Easter, I find out that I am working on Easter mourning. The eight am prep shift of dread on Easter no less. Enter me complaining to Aaron S. about having to be at work at eight am on Easter Sunday. Well Aaron S. got all sneaky and made brunch reservations for us here the morning before at ten am. Really? We never do brunch together, so I was excited. We arrived in time to watch the doors be unlocked. We notice how big the place looks from the outside. Walked in and realized it's just as huge on the inside. I loved how open everything was, the wood everywhere. There were at least three fireplaces that I counted. There could have been more, we only really saw one small area of the place. We sat down and the extremely friendly host explains the harvest tables and says that there will also be some small plates brought out to us, and whenever we were ready we can take our stones and take part in the food going around to the tables. After taking our drink orders she let us know we could head over to the harvest tables and get what we wanted while we waiting for them to bring our the table food. I was really really impressed with the selection they had out. A salad table, a table with various fruits, a cured meat, cheese, and bread table, then one more table that had the duck confiet home fries and steal cut vanilla oatmeal. Also a dessert table. It was really an impressive spread of stuff. I tried a good hunk of it. I loved the aged cheddar, the chorizo, the cheddar rolls with tangerine butter. Yes TANGERINE BUTTER. It was delectable. The duck confiet home fries were pretty much one of the the best things I have ever put in my mouth. Soft tender salty potatoes with tender pieces of duck meat all throughout, and perfectly caramelized onions thrown in. So good. The oatmeal was also really nice. The vanilla was very subtle but very good. I added all the mix ins too. The table items were also fantastic especially the thick cut and crisp Maple Cajun bacon. I think we got three orders of it. It was some of the best bacon I ever tasted. I am drooling thinking of that now. Then the Corned beef hast with a perfect poached egg on top. It was super good. There was a fritata too. Which I have to admit in the grand scheme of things didn't really stand out. A huge Cinnamon bun which stayed very warm for a shockingly long time had to be the cast iron pan they baked it in and sat in on the table. As for the items that were going around? I think we tried it all. I really really loved the chicken and waffles. It was a mini waffle soaked with maple syrup, and atop sat a perfectly fried buffalo chicken breast. It sounds like an odd combination but it was so very tasty. The buttermilk sirloin was so tender it was melt in your mouth. The crab cake with a poached egg on top was very rich and the crab was so fresh tasting. It was all really good. I was way too full to even try the deserts. It was really fantastic had to be my favorite brunch I've had so far.
