I was looking for a good, relatively casual restaurant in Andersonville and chose this one based on some of the reviews. Was it a good choice? Yes, definitely serviceable. Was I bowled over by it? Not particularly, especially with respect to the food. But that could have been my fault on the choices I made. Summary: Sat down and our server asked us what we wanted to drink. They had a ridiculously extensive beer list. I told her I wanted something amber. She then threw a couple more questions at me to try and narrow in on something I would like. While this would probably have been helpful to some, I don't know that I think of other adjectives for beer other than color. So when I told her I didn't know my answer to some of her queries (kind of like when you go to the eye doctor and they are testing you for glasses and they ask which is better and they look essentially the same so you don't know what to say), she seemed a bit annoyed by my lack of beer knowledge. She was like some kind of beer sommelier and my crude palate might have offended her. Anyway, in the end she recommended something for me and when it came it was REALLY good. So she was really good at her job! Oh, and when my beer came it was this strange glass that was held in a wooden contraption. Kind of like a test tube in a test tube holder because the glass was tall and skinny and wouldn't have stood up by itself. I thought I was supposed to take the glass out and drink from it and then put it back in the holder to keep it from spilling but she informed me that I was to just grab the wooden handle of the contraption and lift the glass that way. It felt a bit strange, but it did work. I'll see if I can post a picture of the thing... When it comes to the food I was excited about the menu. There were lots of things that sounded good that I wanted to try. We got an onion ring appetizer that was good but nothing extremely special. We also got the mac and cheese which was excellent. For my main dish I got some sort of pork stew with golden raisins and gorganzola dumplings. It sounded interesting and I rarely turn down dishes that involve raisins. But in the end it wasn't very good. I think the problem with this dish was the sauce. Everything was completely submerged in this very thick and heavy brown sauce that covered up all of the subtle flavors in the dish. The sauce needed to be much more subtle to allow the flavors to emerge. Service was fine, beer menu was great and our waitress was almost too knowledgeable about beers! And while my main dish was disappointing, there were enough other interesting looking dishes on the menu that I would probably give this place another try if I lived in Chicago. May just have been that I picked the wrong dish.
