First let me say YUM!!!!!!! So we decide on Friday night that tomorrow will be the day. That long awaited day when we would finally go to XOCO. Since we had to head downtown early in the am and well as we all know if you have any chance of sitting or not waiting 1hr you have to be there early. So I was so excited like I was going to an ice cream shop (Because I love ice cream so much!) As we arrive we see a sign for a combo of Drink (hot chocolate or coffee), warm empenada and a churro for $6 and I though WOW great deal. So each of the kids got the combos. ( Disclaimer these are not your ordinary kids they are baby foodies and lil chefs!) Both got hot chocolate w/milk, one had the emapanda with ham, mushroom and chipotle pepper, and the other with scrambled eggs and poblano chiles and of course the churros. So verdict 1: Not a chipotle fan but like the hot chocolate and loved the churro. Verdict 2: A fan of the egg and poblano, churros but the chocolate was too rustic for her. I myself am not a fan of chipotle so I understood. But the crust was delicious and I liked the egg and poblano also. The hubby had the Savory Bread Pudding ham, poblano, cheese which he liked but I did not try and the hot chocolate and churros. No complaints and really no words so must have been good. LOL!! OK so what did I have you ask? Well I had the churros. Growing up as a kid we had them every weekend when we went to the store for carnitas and menudo. So that is what I wanted. And I also had a Jamaica (hibiscus) and lemongrass aqua fresca. So being allergic to cranberries and raspberries I had learned to say NO to the red drinks but while on a cruise and visiting Costa Maya I had it and loved it. That was just natural but then this had lemongrass and wow it was a great way to cut the sometimes bitter Jamaica. So loved it!! Now lets get to the churros. OMG!!!!!! Now I have never in my ENTIRE life have a churro like this. It was tied in this cute ribbon shape and sprinkled with sugar and cinnamon and was warm and oh so tasty and so soft and delicious!! It had a nice crispy outside and warm soft center.Talk about amazing. I will so go back and I say now I will try something more next time but to think I can have them alone makes me really doubt that will happen. But I will try to explore more than that lovely doughy goodness!
