This place is really fantastic! The staff is really nice, even if they're not perfect. When you go into a restaurant and get the sense that the staff is in just a little over their head, but just a little, you know there may be a few hiccups but overall it's probably going to be an amazing meal. The first positive sign is that, while our party of six was waiting, the gentleman I presumed to be the manager or owner brought us out a plate of tasty little egg rolls free of charge. We didn't have reservations and so we ended up waiting a half hour for a table. Not his fault that we didn't make reservations, and not his fault that the place is so popular, but it was still a nice gesture! When we finally did get seated, we were a little disappointed that they weren't serving the prix fixe dinner for six, since there were six of us and it would have made our life a little simpler, but it turned out all right. We ordered some appetizers - the teasingly named chicken puffs and avocado-cream cheese won-tons. They weren't bad, but they weren't amazing. The chicken puffs weren't that "puffy"; the wrapper had more of a rubbery, slightly over-friend consistency like you get with underwhelming empanadas. The cream cheese massively overwhelmed the avocado in the won-tons. Next time we'll skip the appetizers or try different ones. The entrees, however, were novel, savory and satisfying. Grilled salmon with noodles, mango beef (served in a coconut!) and pineapple calamari (served in a pineapple!) all had very subtle, wonderful flavoring. I usually don't like the firm texture of larger chunks of squid but it really worked the way Simply It prepared them, especially in a family-style setting as a contrast to the other textures. Pork spare ribs were tasty and garlicky, although not that different from what you typically get at other Asian restaurants (and I may have cracked a filling on a tiny chunk of bone.) Food all came out in a timely fashion. The one hiccup we had with service was a forgotten request that we had to repeat for an ice bucket for our champagne. Biggest drawback was the noise level - the acoustics of the space combined with the, uh, type-A personality characteristics of the neighborhood and its inhabitants made conversation difficult. Atmosphere was "cozy and good for dates" but the noise level makes it better for a party crowd. This is reinforced by the appreciated BYOB policy and the fun of sharing their many entrees. Knowing these drawbacks will not stop me from going back. A good meal forgives a lot in my book!
