Lockdown is delicious. Flat out tasty burgers and I have to say, I enjoyed more than the two times I've been to Kumas. Now, Lockdown is certainly trying to replicate what Kumas is doing so Lockdown (as my wife pointed out) seems more like a themed restaurant ("The Warden's choice burger sampler) than something that feels more natural, like Kumas. All the burgers have the same metal type names as Kumas does but without the bad names. Either way, Lockdown is a cool place with lots of TVs with the game on and heavy metal blasting. I've been to Kumas twice and I think the burgers are great, but Lockdown's just taste better to me. It's not even the toppings, which I think were cooked perfectly, it's the taste and juiciness of the meat. My Bootleg burger with bacon, kimchi and fried egg was ridiculously good and something I'd certainly get again. The bacon could be a bit more crisp but the meat was so juicy and the pretzel bun so right everything worked perfectly. My wife opted for the Warden's Choice which are three mini burgers, chef's choice. The chef choice the Death Sentence which is a huge double stack burger with grilled onions and cheddar (too much meat but tasty nonetheless), the Border Patrol (maybe my favorite of the night) with spicy roasted red peppers, avocado, carnitas!!! and pepper jack and the Big House with cheddar, BBQ sauce and grilled onions. I was initially worried about the mini burgers because usually those can get overcooked because of the size but all three burgers were just as juicy. We could have done without the death sentence or the big house together as the two were a bit repetitive, but man, the border patrol was so damn good. Perfectly cooked and juicy carnitas, an awesome touch to a burger with the other toppings. Also, can't complain about Green Line on tap. Burgers are a bit pricey but that's expected wit the toppings and similar to the market price for a burger like this ($11-$14). Meanwhile, fries are decent although ours were a mixed bag between cooked and undercooked but the spicy aioli dipping sauce was fantastic. For $2 extra get a mac and cheese side which has bacon, chives and breadcrumbs and is really a fine mac. You can build your own as an entree as well, again, much like Kumas. I'll definitely be back and looking forward to trying some other things. Tuesdays are half price burgers so that's when I'll be back..
