Please see previous review for all the things I adore about The Publican: beer, food, awesome servers, waffles, and Sortilege. The food was as glorious as ever, but the service was not the enthusiastic event that I had been privy to prior. I like to have my hand held and be led down the path of epicurean delight. I took an old pal here back in May. We've known each other since high school, so eating together isn't a problem. Finding cool places to do so can be. I sang the praises of The Publican so loudly I'm sure it could be heard for miles. We arrived at a normal dinner hour (7ish) on a normal Sunday evening. Our table wasn't perfect (I've been told I'm picky, so I let it slide), small table for two next to the window. Okay, okay, some people would love this locale. I like to be in the midst of things and that's one of the cool things about The Publican. They offer Beer Hall style seating and seating at "the bar." So, fine, we have a nice table for two by the window. Next, is what really killed to for me. I was hoping for the same love and excitement I was shown before, especially since my guest was from out of town. I enjoy when a waiter encourages a chef's special dish or something s/he loves. Our waiter was of the mind that we could decide for ourselves. Even with our beer selections. Guide me, O, brilliant and knowledgeable server. Nope. I picked my own: Trappistes Rochefort 6. A strong dark Belgian Ale. It was yummy, but I already knew that. The evening continued on as such. Me guiding my guest and the server agreeing with me. Oh well.The oysters were fresh and near perfect. The Fish Stew was very good. We had some yummy spicy prawns with their heads still on. That was fun! Friend not so amused as the waiter instructed him of the chef's recommendation to eat the shell. I ate it. He did not. We wanted to order RAMPS. Just so we could say we ate rampant ramps. We later learned they were merely baby leeks. Eh, not as enticing. For dessert we had the waffles and Sortilege. This was a huge hit with my dinner companion. Apparently, WAFFLES ROCK. Admittedly, they are amazing here. Again, the food was amazing, the company stellar, the atmosphere visually pleasing, it was merely the lack of zeal and involvement on the waiter's part that detracted from the dining experience.
