Wow. Just....wow! This place is AMAZING. I'm not really sure there is anything I can say that other yelpers haven't already said, but here goes. My husband, some friends and I went to Alinea about a month ago. First, the building, the decor, the ambiance, are all beautiful. Very modern, but not so much as to take away from the food. Which are the stars of the show. Service was impeccable. Everyone was very nice and amiable, when I really expected stuffy and snooty (because this is the type of place you could get away with it). The wine list was explained in detail, and our table decided to order a couple bottles instead of the wine pairing. Typically, a wine pairing is way too much wine for me and the glasses get stacked up because I am not drinking fast enough. On to the food. My husband and I ate whatever was coming out, while our friends had some dietary restrictions, which where well accomadated. So I can't really speak to everything that was served to them, as one does not eat meat but eats fish, while the other one doesn't eat fish or cheese. But they were both very happy with everything that was served to them. I did not memorize the menu, Alinea gives you a menu to take home with you so you can remember everything you ate. Thankfully :) We all had the tasting menu (which was more than enough foof for us, but when I saw other dishes being served to other tables that were on the full menu I was a little jealous :). 1. English Pea - fantastic way to start the meal. Very fresh tasting even though it was like dippin dots of peas. Yummy. Little encapsulated sherry droplets were very interesting addition. There were a lot of "encapsulated this" or "jelly that" throughout the meal. 2. Lobster. Delicious! My friend and I were trying to figure out how we could make these at home so we could watch the World Cup games and pop these little morsels of goodness into our mouths. Super gourmet bar food is what it reminded us of. 3. Distillation of Thai Flavors - Least favorite (there has to be one). Just weird. They said is was a plate cleanser for the next dish, but I really don't think it added anything to the meal. 4. Pork Belly - Most favorite!! So so so yummy. I am not going to spoil the surprise for you, but trust that you will be pleasantly surprised. i was raving so much about it I think my only-fish-eating friend considered trying it :) 5. Sturgeon - Very good. I haven't had a lot of sturgeon before this and I'm afraid to get it after this because I don't think it could ever be as good as this one was. Super fresh.  6. King Crab - Served three ways. Some better than others. Texture was weird on one of them (like a pudding almost) which threw it off, but overall very good.  7. Lamb - Awesome! The sauce was to die for and lamb was perfectly cooked. Another one that I could have eaten an entire plate of. 8. Hot potato/Cold potato - I'm really not sre what all the fuss is about on this one. It was just...ok. I didn't get it i guess. All I really tasted was truffles (which are great, don't get me wrong, but this isn't hot truffle/cold truffle).  9. Tournedo - Wagyu beef. Outstanding. Second-tied-for first-favorite dish. It felt like it was melting in my mouth. It's dishes like this that I REALLY don't understand how people are vegetarian. THIS is why people eat red meat.  10. Earl grey - Loved the different textures and the combination of lemon and chocolate. Very lemmony, but I like that sort of thing. If you don't (like my husband) this will not be your favorite. 11. Chocolate - Cocunut, menthol, hyssop. Definite menthol flavor, which was strange and tasty all at the same time.  12. Bubble gum. - So weird. While a very cool way to the end the meal, I wish it hadn't been the last flavor/texture in my mouth.  So, is Anthony Bourdain on to something when he talks about the tedious-ness of eating these tasting menus. Maybe. It does take a long time. It could be difficult to sit there and carry on a conversation with someone always coming over to explain what your eating - but our friends and I managed to do it, we had an amazing time. Also, I realize that Achatz is a food pioneer, in the vein of molecular gastronomy, but enough with the encapsulated things and gels! There were too many. Maybe I wasn't doing it right. Good, but there were so many that i started to think that it was just too much, bordering on gimmicky. But I would never say it was bad. Or even close.  Overall, you have to go to this place. Yes it is expensive. But I didn't cringe when I got the bill. Because if ever there was a place that is worth the money, this is it. You can see where your money is going. This is not the kind of place you go to once a month, maybe more like once a year. Or at least once in your life. Save up the money and go.
