Usually when the ugly invisible hand of inflation hits a restaurant, there's only one, very complicated, explanation - the economy. But in the case of this dining establishment, I think there's a more insidious, psychological, explanation. Ever since Costa's - a more sit-down place a few doors down Halsted - burned down, Artopolis seems to be trying to take its place. Except instead of being Costa's, it wants to be "Cost"-as. And that's just a shame because this place used to be a laid-back breath of fresh Mediterranean air from the tourist prices found at other places in Greektown. It used to be that me and a couple friends made this a weekly destination for great, homemade tasting, relatively inexpensive spinach pies (the Artopita the restaurant derives its name from) and good conversation overlooking the crowds below from its second story windows.  The windows and views are still there but gone is the cheapness of the spinach pies. Though the pies themselves are still there and I could still taste every bite of spinach and feta goodness the last time I was there. I'm not sure if I can say they're worth $2.00 more than they used to cost; but they're still damn good. Unfortunately, with their new pricing schedule, I could no longer purchase the very complimentary (though sadly, not complimentary - only a little plate of bread comes with the mains) sides that I used to get: feta and olives; and potato salad. Oh, I still got the feta and olives because no Greek meal is complete in my mind without them. However, the potato salad proved too guilt inducing. Not because of its wonderful decadence - the potatoes are so thick and smothered with so much mayonnaise that it feels like classy carnival food - but because the last time I was there, I was being treated for my birthday and I didn't want to take advantage of the people treating me. Even the sides are now over $5.00 a pop! Seriously, what gives? I really wish I could eat here more often, but I don't understand why a Greek deli counter now charges almost $10.00 for a slice of (delicious) Italian-style pizza. The inflationary tactics make it seem like more of a special treat now but, unfortunately, I just can't abide by "Cost"-as' new prices. Well at least the take-home baked goods, including some great (simple) cookies, are still cheap. For now.
