I have eaten at L & E four times. Overall the experiences have been good, but not excellent. I think the menu is interesting and innovative and the space is beautiful, but I think they take themselves a bit too seriously for what they truly offer. Because of that, they can really disappoint sometimes - at least they did for me. I have a few complaints about my most recent visit. My husband and I arrived about 15 minutes early for our reservation and were asked to wait at the bar for the other two members of our party. We each ordered one of their specialty cocktails - last time our cocktails were very good. The bartender began to put together our drinks but couldn't find the flavored simple syrups needed to make them. She asked another bartender if he had made them. Nope. She looked around a bit more and asked another employee. He said that she would have to make them. Then she proceeded to finish our specialty drinks, clearly without all of their ingredients, but said nothing. We were bummed and the drinks were not very interesting without the unique syrups. Once our friends arrived and we were seated, we picked two apps to share for the table and ordered more drinks. We were really looking forward to a leisurely dinner with our friends and lots of food and wine. Our server politely told us that they only took complete orders (no apps on their own) so that the kitchen could time everything perfectly for us. Okay, no problem. We like perfect timing! Well, we did not receive our apps first. And our server could not have missed the issue, but said nothing as he stood over us while our salads were delivered. The salads were followed by our apps about 5 minutes later, followed by our entrees about 5 minutes after that. We all had a good laugh about the "timing" thing, but overall were disappointed with the service and felt rushed to get through our meal. Of all the "rules" at a restaurant, I think the "order all at once" rule is only reasonable if the restaurant can make it work correctly. And if it fails, they should definitely say something.
