I am originally from South Korea. I've been trying to get a distant cousin of mine in North Korea, Chan, to defect to the US for some time now. Promises of equal rights (as long as he's not like, gay and stuff) and episodes of the Hills doesn't seem to impress him. I figured it's time to bring in the big guns that all free thinkers can appreciate. Pizza and beer. Because if you don't like pizza and beer, you deserve to live in north korea and starve. I took him to Piece to settle this once and for all. I dragged his commie ass there and told him, "Look, we'll even order the red pizza, you stinkin' bastard." (you get to choose between red and white, or basically, red sauce or no sauce) The waitress, nice as hell, came to our table promptly. Waitress: What can I bring you to drink? Me: Bring us your hand crafted beer Chan: What is beer? Me: Beer is soda for people with balls. Do you have balls, Chan? [Chan nodded vigorously.] Me: Ma'am, bring us a flight of all your beers, so that Chan may know what freedom tastes like. They brought a mini tray with seven 3 oz. glasses, each filled with a different beer. It was like a russian roulette but you fucking win every time. As we tried the award winning beers one by one, we began to set aside our differences. By the time we hit that chocolatey, not-too-heavy stout, Chan had already changed his name to Freedom Frank and was crying american flags and farting bald eagles. They could have served us a plate of gym socks for dinner and it wouldn't have mattered. We embraced at last. The peninsula has been unified at Piece. The beers' numerous awards are well deserved. Each one had a deep range of flavors, and there is a different beer for every preference. Even an alcoholic beer chucking schmuck like me could appreciate the flavor before the buzz. The pizza is one of the best I've had. Cheese and sauce is at a good ratio, and the toppings are all fresh. You definitely want to get at least two toppings. I wish I could give a more useful and objective review of their food but by the time I hit the pizza I'm in such a good mood from the beer, it's hard to tell so all I keep telling people is "IT WAS FUCKING AWESOME"
