Words cannot describe the Alinea experience or even remotely do it justice. This was the most intense flavor experience that I've ever had, along with some of the most attentive and nice staff that I have encountered at a restaurant.  I'm not sure why I'm going to try, but here we go: We made reservations MONTHS ahead. Yes, this is normal, yes, the restaurant was packed. Yes, they expect you can and will pay out the ass for what will go down as one of the most memorable nights of your life. You will not regret it. You may look at your bill (food+wine) in disbelief, but you won't care. It was 25 courses of amazing food. Culinary genius. You however, will not enjoy this dinner if you are expecting the Olive Garden and never-ending pasta and breadsticks. Some of the flavors are recognizable, some are completely foreign and exotic. You need to be able to embrace it. If you go in thinking you'll love every flavor, you definitely will not. It's about the journey and experiences throughout that make this dinner so amazing. The presentation was flawless, everything perched in its own designated spot. Instructions presented on how to eat certain dishes. Everything has been thought out. There is nothing for you to do other than to sit back and enjoy the ride. Some of my favorite courses were the pork belly spring roll, the tomatoes on the grass scent filled pillow, and the liquid nitrogen frozen chocolate mousse dessert. The dessert was a feat on its own, and they prepared it directly on your table on a silicon mat. I won't ruin it all for you, it's all the small details that will amaze you. The staff was everywhere. This is not necessarily a private dining experience. There were about 2-3 people around our table at all times, either replacing utensils, pouring water that never went below half-full, or giving us another one of our wine flights. If you have a few hundred dollars to spend and you love food and flavors, go for it. There are tons of reviews on here that definitely are compelling and make the case. Go out for a night you will remember for the rest of your life.
