I'm a nerd. For a long time, I denied that. I'm good at math. I like to play computer games. I'd rather watch Discovery Channel over the Playboy Channel (assuming my hijacked SPICE network is on the fritz). Whatever the case, I've embraced my inner-nerd and celebrate it (with close friends only). For these reasons, I suppose that I would have a natural interest and affinity towards molecular gastronomy. Ground-breaking chefs such as Ferran Adria and Pierre Gagnaire push the limits of food and really make us reconsider everything we know about cuisine. Well friends, after dining at Alinea, I believe Grant Achatz deserves to be listed with the heavy-hitters of molecular gastronomy. Now let me remind you all that wifey and I are not toothless hillbillies who are easily fooled with smoke and mirrors. If something tastes bad, we'll say it tastes bad no matter how much you manipulate or dress it up. We've eaten at places that try to wow their customers with ridiculous foams, lavender perfumes, and lobster-scented bubble-baths... we weren't fooled. Molecular gastronomy is a powerful tool. But when it's done poorly, everything on your plate just seems pathetically silly. Options at Alinea are simple, choose the tasting or the tour menu. If you want to do the tour menu, you'll have to commit when you make the reservation (typically 2 months in advance). You'd better go with the tour, or you're an idiot. Brief version:  22 courses, nearly 5 hours. - At least 4 courses involved liquid nitrogen. - 2 courses involved warnings by our server of possible "explosion". - 3 courses included custom-made utensils which could poke your eye out... - 4 courses included live plants Long version: Wifey and I are fairly quick eaters. If food is set in front of us, we'll gleefully shove it in our gullets and chew later. The pace at Alinea was very good, with stuff coming out pretty quickly. Despite this, nearly five hours lapsed from beginning to end. I felt like we were in some time-warp because the dinner seemed to pass by so quickly. Another benefit of molecular gastronomy!! The showmanship and creativity were truly breathtaking. Many courses were highlighted by unique bowls, plates, and utensils created especially for that particular dish. Other offerings were accented simply with embellishments by mother nature herself. A branch of oak leaves, a single hyacinth stalk, a fat gob of brook trout roe... mmmmm brook trout roe. If you can set aside the snake-oil and smoke, the food is absolutely astounding. Because many courses consist of a single bite, swallow, or "explosion", the flavors have to be concentrated and "spot-on" or the entire course is a waste of time. In these single morsels, Chef Achatz's genius is revealed. That liquid nitrogen or burnt bread reduction isn't puffery, it's methodically and painstakingly utilized to make the food better. Better food through science... Alinea would give Vulcans orgasms. You'd better believe that our Chicago experience was highlighted by our dinner at Alinea. It beats deep-dish pizza by a country mile!
