Nana...how sweet...that is what I called my Grandmother!!! Everything is made here with the love and care of a grandparent...so yummy!!! Where do I start? We woke up this morning and Chicago Magazine had 75 best breakfast places on the cover. We opened it and chose Nana!!! And I'm glad we did!!! I hate breakfast in a restaurant because I can usually make a better breakfast then most places. But now I've met my match and bow to Nana. The chef Guy...his name is really Guy...is an amazing talent. Everything on the menu is an original idea of an old classic. So good!!! Our waiter was really good too. He filled us in on how everything came from local vendors. I love that. This is now the second business I've encountered doing this and I love it. Every restaurant should do this. I was unable to make a choice and the waiter recommended the breakfast sandwich. He also suggested I add onions and jalapeos to it. I am so glad I did because I think it made my sandwich out of this world. The house made chicken sausage had a nice spice to it. The English muffin was so good. Also on the sandwich was organic cheddar cheese and an egg. Crispy home fries and farm greens were on the side. The House made English Muffin Breakfast Sandwich was so good...I don't know how I'm going to ever order anything else here! My wife had the Huevos Rancheros and she shared a bite with me. They were really good. I will let her review it but I have two words Poblano Cream!!! Can I get a glass of that or a pitcher and a straw!!! WOW!!! On a side note Guy (not the chef here) from the food network stopped by Nana's and reviewed this place for Triple D. After breakfast, the waiter hooked us up with a special screening at the bar. I've watched this show a million times but it was the first time the food looked rich and not greasy. I believe that is what they were going for. I am sad to say I got hungry again after watching the episode.  I finally have a good breakfast place in Chicago. Thanks Chicago Magazine for turning me on to this place and to all my fellow Yelpers what are you waiting for? Get going to Nana!!!
