Simply put, Canivale was amazing! From the scene to the service to the food...it was all fantastic.  The lady and I went here for Valentine's Day and it was understandably packed. As we waited for our table we decided to start things off with a few mojitos. I had the regular and my gf had the Raspberry, and they were both outstanding. Very bright and refreshing, definitely my fav in the city. We walked through the large main dining area as we were escorted to our table and it was truly a sight. The room was bright, vibrant, and full of energy.  We decided to have a sampling of Ceviche and the Ropa Vieja to start our meal. For the Ceviche we went with two Tuna and one Scallop. The Tuna was fresh, but certainly not your typical Ceviche. I would have enjoyed a little more acid, but it was still quite good. I'd describe it more as a Latin inspired Tuna sashimi. The Scallop Ceviche was outstanding. The Scallop and Oyster tasted like the ocean, just how fresh seafood should. The tangerine and chipotle salsa provided a nice balance of sweetness and heat. The Ropa Vieja was amazing! It was ridiculously flavorful, moist, and tender. Along with the beautifully caramelized plantains, this dish was the perfect blend of sweet and savory.  For our main entrees we went with the Churrasco and Carne-Aguayon, along with a side of Mac & Cheese. The Churrasco was very tender, well seasoned, and had a nice hint of smokiness from the wood grill - overall a fantastic cut of meat. The Carne Aguayon was also very flavorful, and was perfectly cooked. The truffle fries would be more accurately described as large potato wedges, but they were still good. The mac & four cheeses was rich and flavorful, just like a good mac & cheese should be. Another caveat, the macaroni is actually rigatoni, but it was great nonetheless.  Service was also very friendly and attentive. As I mentioned, we were here on V-day and it was extremely busy, thereby causing a delay between our appetizers and our entrees. Our waiter was very apologetic and stopped by periodically to keep us updated. The table next to us waited even longer for their entrees but the the waiter and the host treated them to some complimentary guacamole and cocktails to compensate. Overall this was a great dining experience and I can't wait to go back.
