There's only one thing wrong with Anteprima, an Italian restaurant with absolutely fabulous food, and it's a problem egregious enough to merit knocking a couple stars off what would otherwise be a perfect score: They cram way too many tables into a small place, making the restaurant so unnecessarily crowded and noisy that it significantly undermines the pleasure of dining there. If you read the other reviews on this site you'll see this is a recurring complaint. The noise has little to do with acoustics or with the enthusiasm of diners and everything to do with the owner's business model. There are just too many tables. My wife and I have dined at Anteprima at least 10 times in the last year, so we ought to know. Last night's experience was so bad I'm driven to complain about it here. We had reservations and were put at a table that shouldn't have even been set. It was so near the entry door that cold air whooshed in on us whenever anyone came or went, and there was a constant bustle of people flowing by inches from our table as they came and went. The six-person table behind us was nearly on top of us. Two men seated there were closer to me than my wife who was sitting at MY table, and all night long I was subjected to their conversation about fishing in New England and problems with the medical profession. One had only to stand up and peer across the room to see the problem. It was just a sea of people. Imagine a college classroom crammed with rows of seats 20 deep with people jammed elbow-to-elbow and you'll get the idea. There was very little room to negotiate the maze of tables as one tried to make one's way to the bathroom amidst the bustle of servers trying to thread their way through the crowd. As I got up to leave and looked around the solution to this problem was absolutely clear. Pull 4 or 5 tables out of the room. The problem could be solved as simply as that, but apparently the owner so wants the extra revenue those tables generate that he's unwilling to make an adjustment that would enhance the quality of everyone's dining experience so that it matched the excellent food he serves. Pop in down the street at the wonderful Jin Ju or Ceres' Table, or up Clark at Antica Pizzeria, and you'll see how the room at Anteprima ought to be managed. It's a pity this wonderful restaurant fails so badly when it comes to ambience.
