Coast is better. I was really excited to come back to this place after having a wonderful dinner here earlier in the year, however this time, I was very disappointed in everything from the food to the service. We arrived on the later side of the evening, but the restaurant was still open for another hour. I did get the feeling however that we were being rushed or that we were somehow there 'after hours' and getting the leftovers. (Last time we were here we were also rushed by the server telling us we needed to order within the next 5 minutes even though the place was still open for at least a half hour). This time there was a festival that was just wrapping up outside so perhaps that led to the casual feel of this experience, which sadly was polar opposite to my last experience. My boyfriend and I decided to order two pear martinis along with the tuna ceviche. Both of which were delicious and as pleasing as we recalled. The pieces of tuna are incredibly fresh and dressed in a light and flavorful ginger marinade. I highly recommend trying this- really great appetizer. The martinis, though overpriced, are fresh and chilled perfectly with lovely slices of fresh pear as garnish. Next we ordered the Godzilla, Oedipus, Mexican and a scallop 'classic' rolls. The Godzilla is delicious, but my cardinal rule of tempura in my sushi is that is must be hot and fresh contrasting the coolness of the other ingredients. Sadly, the tempura was cold and made a bit sloppy. The Oedipus tries and almost succeeds, but like the Mexican, it was simply overwhelmed by plants! The Mexi roll was literally rolled in multiple leaves and layers of cilantro which is such a strong herb as it is, there is no need to overdo it. I am not a fan of the herb at all, but my boyfriend is and even he was disgusted by the amount in the roll. It overpowered everything including the tiny piece of tuna it was meant to accent. The worst part was that there were stems in there he kept having to pull out of his teeth! The Oedipus had the same issue but with dill. There were literally branches of dill sticking out of the roll and again, the flavor of the plant overwhelmed the maki entirely. Both rolls were filled with copious amounts of raw herbs that are really just meant to add slight flavor the the dishes they're in. Also, the Oedipus was drenched in a mayo sauce that again, was a battle in abundance. Sushi should be light and fun, even with extravagant rolls, but these were simply overwhelming and made sloppy. Also, our order came out extremely quick which was surprising because sushi is an art that should not be prepared like fast food, which is what it seemed like and tasted like. Again, we really wanted to love this place again because we loved the food last time we visited, and also, we were out celebrating a special occasion. Sadly, when we got the check our meal was nearly a hundred dollars with very little to show for it. 4 rolls, 2 drinks, 1 appetizer- and we left hungry. I am not one to ever complain about my food to the server, but this time we did mention to her about the cilantro and that it was just too much- though I think she could tell as our plate was covered with the leaves that we had to pull out of the roll. She smiled and said she would take note. So overall, come for the tuna ceviche and expensive but tasty martinis, and that's all. The service is not very good either. They aren't mean or rude, but you never quite feel like you are warmly welcome. I think Coast has them on all points.
