I've been agonizing for days at how to sum up my experience at Tru and all I can come up with is something I have already said: it's an experience. It's an experience that, if you love food, you need to have at least once.  The place is the picture of simple elegance in every aspect considerable. Actually, it was so elegant I found myself whispering to my friend and partner in fine dining, Stacey A., "Why are we whispering?"  Can't help it. It just seems like a place where you whisper. Kind of like having dinner with the president, I'd imagine (I haven't gotten my invite yet, President Obama...still waiting).  Long white curtains covering the walls, which are adorned with little else but some abstract art pieces, deep, dark and comfy suede covered chairs, and they give you a little ottoman thing for your purse too, which is something I wish other restaurants would cotton onto stat. So classy. The food is something I can go on and on and on about, so I will just say I had the Chef's Collection - nine courses of gorgeous, sumptuous food designed around what's in season this spring & summer - and here were some highlights: -Smoked sturgeon "caviar" in avocado and hazelnut. I don't know why "caviar" is in quotes; I suppose this may not have been the real deal and I don't even care. The combo of these flavors tasted like a rounder, richer, and more delicious guacamole than I'd ever imagined.  -Porcini tagliatelle with condensed tomato, asparagus cream, and fresh shaved parmesean. I heard rabbit wasn't good to eat; kind of gamy. They LIED! Rabbit may not be good other places besides Tru. At Tru, it's roasted to a tender consistency reminiscent of a perfect pot roast or pulled pork, set atop a small mound of pasta, and complimented by a fabulous trio of flavors. -Pan-seared foie gras with lemon confit. This literally made my eyes pop out of my head. Soft, buttery, and amazing. Didn't think lemon would go with it, but it did to an absolute tee. Oh man. This dish will haunt my dreams for a long, long time. -Duet of lamb with daikon, watermelon radish, olive, and star anise aus jus. This lamb was cooked to a melt-in-your-mouth PERFECTION. I can't say it any more succinctly than that, so I'll just let it lie. So after that all (and then some), just when I'm considering potential fullness, they bring out a cheese cart with fabulous selections of goat, sheep, and cow's cheeses (the sheep's cheeses were my favorite - who knew?).  I also was utterly unaware of the little dessert cart. There was a dessert factored into the nine courses, but the little cart with the small petit fors and candies was what really wowed me. I had a tiny little coffee cup shaped from dark chocolate, filled with Bailey's Irish Creme, and a dark-chocolate covered honey lollipop. Then, once you think it's all over and done with, they bring an exploding truffle - cocoa powder and a thin layer of chocolate containing vanilla liquor of some sort. It's so delicate that when you bite into it, the liquor completely floods into your mouth, hence the "exploding" part.  Of course, to dine like this is extravagant. It costs an arm and a leg. I certainly can't afford to eat like this monthly or maybe even yearly on my salary, but was it worth it? Am I glad I did it? Is the experience worth the hefty price tag? Absolutely. Yes, yes, yes.
