I was really looking forward to brunch at Bongo Room this weekend. according to reviews, if one likes m. henry, they'll love bongo room. i dig m. henry, so i figured i'd enjoy Bongo Room. I totally effing did not, Bongo Room provided me the worst brunch experience i've ever had.  My friends and i planned to meet there at 9am, when this place opens and i was running late. Because they opened to a slow start, the host sat my friends even though i wasn't there yet. apparently in my 5 minute absence the server was giving my friends a hard time, pressuring them to order, and even asking them to call me to see what i wanted so she could get the order in. Since this all happened before i got there, i won't base my poor review on it, however, they sucked enough without considering this rudeness to still only get one star. there was NOTHING VEGAN on the menu. after getting over this mild shock that a hip Wicker Park brunch spot can thrive without offering at least one item on their menu a vegan can eat, i asked the server what she would recommend. I ended up ordering the vegetarian sandwich, without the egg, the cheese, the mayo and on toast instead of a croissant and with a side of fruit instead of the buttered hash browns.  My friends and i were seated in a cozy booth in the back, but the place was so loud, probably due to the high ceilings or something, that i couldn't even hear what the other people in my party were saying. The servers and bussers were way on top of refilling coffee cups which, even though i don't drink coffee, i did appreciate for the sake of my friends. when they brought our food, my sandwich has cheese melted on it, so i had to send it back. i'm not just vegan to be cool , i'm also lactose intolerant. then, on the second try the sandwich had pesto mayo on it. at this point my friends are all half way through their breakfasts and i'm hungry so i just took off the mayo-ed bread and started eating the rest of the sandwich. then another server, noticing the mayo-ed bread i didn't want to eat sitting on the table, came by to offer me another piece of toast in sympathy. it was a nice thought, but she offered me a blackened piece of toast that was not exactly appetizing so i said no thanks. in the end i paid $13 (w/ tax and tip) for a piece of bread with some lettuce, sprouts, tomato slices and scallions on it with a side of some sliced fruits (which by the way i was charged $1.75 for the substitution).  Nothing about this experience was pleasant and i have NO plans to return.
