There is one thing Chicago without a doubt has over NYC: the fact that you can find great restaurants like The Purple Pig in the middle of the most touristy part of downtown.* The bf and I popped in here, famished and eager, right after checking into our hotel just a few blocks away on the Friday afternoon before Labor Day weekend. Luckily there was no wait for a party of two as it was just 5pm, although the restaurant was already quite packed and definitely poppin'. We sat on one of the inconveniently high communal-style bar tables, which turned out to be a surprisingly good time and quite enjoyable. Being a gastropub-like establishment, they have a pretty intensive list of beverages, with wines from different countries and many European beers on tap. The bf and I went with 1/2 bottle of the Pinot Grigio, which was just perfect for a hot and humid afternoon. As for the food, I love the small-plate concept here, which allows for easy sharing and optimum pleasure of the palate. While the menu is certainly pork-centric (which is absolutely fine by me), they do have several antipasti and vegetable dishes that can round out an otherwise rich meal nicely. - Raw corn, Heirloom Tomatoes & Arugula Pesto: this cold antipasti was the epitome of summer on a plate. You could really taste the freshness of the sweet corn and heirloom baby tomatoes that are at the peak of their season, dressed ever so simply with a light arugula pesto that's just slightly bitter and herbaceous. - Braised Baby Artichokes, Fingerling Potatoes, Asiago & Salami Toscana: calling this a braised artichoke dish may be somewhat misleading, as the baby artichokes are mostly just brined. It is very good however, and unmistakably Italian in flavor, a friendly complement to the pinot grigio we were sipping on. - Pork Neck Bone Gravy with Ricotta from the "Smears" section: this was again very Italian in preparation and flavor; what is essentially a Sunday red gravy contained tender chunks of pork neck meat and fresh ricotta was served bubbling in a ramekin and oh-so-comforting. The grilled filone bread served with the smear was great as well, liberally brushed with olive oil with just a little char. - Milk Braised Pork Shoulder with Mashed Potatoes: it's no wonder that this is the signature dish at The Purple Pig. I don't even think words can do this amazing pork dish justice, so I won't try to, besides just say that it was one of the best pork shoulder preparations I've had in a long, long time. This place is a serious party. Swine, dine, wine baby. Swine, dine, wine. -- *Yeah, NYC, get on that! Before the Second City catches up to ya!
