A wide variety of different types of food on the menu. Appetizers look more appealing than entrees. Unfortunately, execution was lacking. 4 adults, including yours truly, came here last Saturday during restaurant week. It was packed, and it was 915pm!! We ordered: -scotch egg (2 orders) -roasted beet salad -house poutine -fried chicken livers -oyster selection -foie gras and eel terrine -tartare of bison -caramelized lobster -wagyu sirloin -3 bottles of wine (Tenuta Dell'Ornellaia) and a bottle of champagne The good - The house poutine was the tastiest item we ordered which says a lot. It's french fries covered with gravy (elk ragout) and melted cheese curds. The roasted beet salad was tasty, seasond well and the beets themselves were naturally sweet...but maybe that's because I love everyhting about beets. Perhaps they could use heirloom beets rather than the standard beet next time to keep it a little more exciting. The meh - Having never had a scotch egg before I was eager to try the hard-boiled egg, covered in sausage, then rolled in batter and deep fried. Sounded lovely! It was indeed easy on the tongue, but it did not WOW. Thank goodness for the stone-ground mustard, otherwise this dish would be dull. One suggestion would be soft-boil the egg rather than hard-boil it. But perhaps that would ruin the integrity of the dish...or it would be greatly enhanced! Tartare of bison was missing some bite...maybe some mustard or a more shallot or something. I enjoyed the texture of the lean bison but be prepared that it was a little more chewy than a regular steak or tuna tartare. The foie gras and eel terrine was delightful but the eel skin around the outside was a little ...uh-hem... slimy. The bad - Wagyu sirloin was the most disappointing of all. Perhaps they used US-raised wagyu or perhaps they substituted in a filet for the wagyu, either way, it was less than stellar and overall unimpressive. If I didn't comment on a dish, it's because it wasn't particularly memorable or even worth writing about. Overall, it had good ideas but the execution was off.
