After having been here twice now for lunch (once with some cool Yelpers and Yelpers-to-be) I think I'm qualified to rate it. This place is way bigger inside than I thought it was looking at it from the outside in my many times walking past. It's narrow but deep. I feel like there's a dirty joke to be made in there somewhere, but my coffee just isn't working today, so neither is my brain. It's very nice inside. A pleasant shade of green...sort of an upscale pub with tablecloths and cloth napkins. The servers are all smartly dressed. The people at the host station are OK. Not terribly friendly but not exactly unfriendly either. The food is very good. First I had the Gage burger. At a whopping $16 for burger & fries, it's a bit spendy but it's doggone tasty. The waitress recommended it since she said it was the best burger she'd ever had. I wouldn't go that far (about me that is...it could very well be true for her) but I definitely liked it a lot. One word of warning, however: it's messy to eat. This was OK with me, but if you're there as part of a job interview or something, you might not want burger juice or fixins dribbling down your hands while you eat. You will make use of that nice white (at least to start with) cloth napkin. On my second visit I tried the fire roasted chicken sandwich, which is Gage's version of buffalo chicken. I enjoyed that as well. It was flavorful with just the right amount of spicy kick. There was perhaps just a bit too much blue cheese. This sandwich is just as messy as the burger. I had fries both times and they were good as well. Not blow-your-mind (or something else) good, but a solid accompaniment to your meal. The service is generally good, though at one point the waitress disappeared for awhile when I needed an ice tea refill. Water glasses were kept full by the attentive bus staff. It does get busy at lunch time, and the place fills up with suits. You'd probably feel a bit under dressed in jeans, but if that doesn't bother you then you're fine. It gets quite loud in here, so it's not a good place for a quiet conversation. The prices are a bit high for lunch, but I don't think they're unjustified. This is a good place for a tasty weekday bite, but the price point (and relative lack of healthfulness of the menu options) makes this an "occasional treat" lunch spot rather than a weekly thing. Of course if someone else is picking up the tab, by all means suggest the Gage...just watch out for the sloppy eats during business lunches.
