Before my friends crucify me, I must state that Davanti Enoteca was GOOD. As in, A-OK... you know? 3 star rating! I would return if in the area, but probably not drive all the way from Evanston in order to wait for a table. We ended up here completely unintentionally after what was perhaps the biggest brain fart in my history (1pm lunch = leaving at 11:45am... NOT 12:45pm). Easy street parking, no wait, serving brunch... done. The menu was exciting! There were things in jars, brunch items, pastas, salads, pizzas, and a sinful sounding burger (hellurrrrr bacon jam). We ended up ordering a few items: the ricotta with honeycomb (of course), the white anchovies with pecorino and celery salad (my favorite tiny fish), the raviolo, the linguine with sea urchin and crab, and the della terra pizza. Of all these items, only one made me close my eyelids a little longer than usual (good sign): the linguine with sea urchin and crab. I was with J, who does not favor creatures of the sea, but decided today that I WAS WORTH IT. A most excellent decision because this pasta dish was so intensely seafood-y and heavenly. The sea urchin melts into the sauce, making it taste like the sea, and the dish is studded with lumps of sweet crab. Still, I wasn't flailing my arms around in ecstasy. The pizza was pretty good: foraged mushrooms + tallegio cheese + braised leeks + truffle oil = a pretty earthy pizza, very "umami", yes. Did I mention that my middle name is "umami"? The crust was great. The pizza wasn't soggy. I'd eat this again. You simply cannot go wrong with ricotta & honeycomb, or white anchovies, or a giant ravioli with spinach and egg.... OR SO I THOUGHT! What would have otherwise been a 4-star review, had to be graciously docked a star because of the raviolo. It was atrocious. This was THE most overcooked piece of pasta I have ever eaten in my life. When it came out, I was so excited. J let me cut the pasta open because oozing egg yolks make me happy. Not getting any ooze when you MOST expect it is very disappointing. I speak from first hand experience. The yolk was solid. I love cooked egg yolks when mixed with mayo and mustard, but this was not a deviled egg raviolo. The parts of the pasta that didn't have bites of filling were SO tough, like rubber or leather. So disappointing. I actually made a face when I had to finish my portion. How did this come out of the kitchen?! The service was great. The space is nice to look at, though seating a little limited. They had bottles of Republic of Tea iced tea (loooooove) and I had a pretty good lunch. So, that was my outing to Davanti Enoteca. I hope you'll still be my friend Aurore and Deb. ;)
