OK, my hub has been buggin' me to check this place out since it showed on Check, Please! It was close to my mom's so after visiting with her one night, we headed to Hopleaf. I think it was a Wednesday or Thursday, and the minute we walked in, I wanted to walk out. It was like a nightclub, not a restaurant. I convinced my hub that we needed to come when it wasn't so busy. I asked the doorman when the right time to come would be. He said that business has been consistently busy from 6 p.m on every night since being shown on Check, Please! and that his recommendation is to get here before 6 p.m. Dinner starts at 4:30 p.m. so we had a window of opportunity. We chose to go back on a Monday at 5 p.m. Gotta tell ya, perfect time for those who don't like the hustle and bustle of a restaurant that has an atmosphere of a nightclub. And while my hub was really excited about this place, I think it was just the extensive beer options that really gave him the shivers. The food was overall, just ok. The mussels for two ($20) were decent, I would do them again. And while the onion rings were tasty, they weren't all that, and certainly not worth $6. I had the steak frites ($18) for dinner and hub had the Pulled Beef Brisket ($10). The steak was a little chewy, but what can I expect from a bar restaurant. It was cooked as I requested and tasty, so not all bad. Hub's pulled brisket was good, probably would order it again if we went again.  The one thing we noted was all the fries and that garlic mayo thing. Lots of fries and lots of garlic mayo, yum!! Would have liked the option for ketchup or vinegar though, but I could see how that would impose on the 'Belgian' style of serving their pommes frites. The dessert options were all cheesecakes, and since I'm not partial to cheesecakes, no dessert. Now, if you want to talk beer, this is the place. I'm not much of a beer drinker, but if my hub was writing this review, we wouldn't have even addressed the food. We shared the Gran Cru ($15/750ml) and then I had the Frambozenbier ($8.50) while he had a red Chimay ($6.50). The Gran Cru reminded me of Blue Moon, but with more body. For those who don't like the heavy yeast taste, try the Frambozenbier. The berry flavor of the beer can make you forget the nasty after taste. Hub liked the red Chimay but wants to come back and try the others, as well as the other beer options. Needless to say, if you like good beers, this is a place to visit. It's too bad they don't have flights. Somebody want to make that suggestion to them? Overall, Andersonville certainly has a great venue for beers and a decent neighborhood restaurant. And while we did have to check it out, I wouldn't necessarily go back for the food, but I would for the beer, less the crowd. Good place to hook up with friends for a couple.
