Our extremely generous Chicago hosts treated us to a fantastic dinner here; we never would have ventured into the land of $12 cocktails and deconstructed beef stroganoff without their assurances that it would be worth the plunge. GE's mixologist started us off with unique and flavorful cocktails. I'd love to be able to make her London Calling at home but would probably drown in a pitcher of it; I wouldn't mind if that were my last drink on earth or my first drink wherever I end up after that. Our apps were the traditional, nontraditional GE fare. My fave was the chestnut bisque; so many layers of flavor that changed with the melting of the marshmallow. I ecstatically savored the pork belly and grit entree which evoked wonderful gastro-emotional memories of my first bacon wrapped scallop. Their are some some experiences you can never recapture in life: first kiss, first dirty martini, first bacon wrapped scallops accompanied by dirty martinis and then lots of kissing and now GE's pork belly. Holy crap! And the beef stroganoff was a perfect dish. I don't remember the cut of meat but it was worth the price and more. If I knew that every bite of the pricey tasting menu would meet the expectations created by these entrees, I'd gladly fly back for a visit just for that meal. This is not my regular type of restaurant. I'd probably show up if they had happy hour prices and if we lived in Chicago, but wouldn't pay the regular prices unless it was a super-special occasion. But I am glad to know GE is out there, forever reforming his menu to keep those of us who consider ourselves home chefs humble. We ended with the chocolate torte. It looked pretty on the plate but had sounded kinda typical for a nice restaurant in the menu description. I actually thought it looked dry and consciously decided to finish it to avoid insulting our generous hosts. Then after one bite, the forks began to duel over equal shares. There was enough for 2 to share but I sure as hell didn't want my husband to get even an extra bite in. My host reiterated his GE/fine food mantra for a fifth time that meal: "I don't share!" He obviously learned that lesson long ago watching bitterly as scrumptious GE bites left his plate. The service was also fantastic; the GM repeatedly checked on us and all the other diners, unobtrusively stepping in if guests seemed to have questions about the menu or if glasses were empty. The waitstaff was well-versed on the menu items and gave some great suggestions. The only thing that would have made this experience better would have been an appearance by the chef. He walked through the dining room once, leaving us hoping he'd return to let us thank him for the incredible dinner. Instead, he disappeared into the kitchen never to emerge. I'd seen him on Top Chef Masters and loved his personality. If he's anything like that in person, then I missed a big part of the GE experience. Honestly, if that funny, down to earth guy on tv showed up table side, I'd go back to the restaurant repeatedly. This dinner will linger a long time on my list of best meals.
