I don't get it. Really.  This place has some individual aspects that are pretty cool. I love the stained glass ceiling panels, the escheresque floor tiles are pretty funky and the bars themselves are nicely done. That being said, somehow, nothing gels. You walk in the door, and literally hit the hostess station. Booths line the wall, a cozy fireplace is ringed with dinner tables. The booths continue to line the walls and tables and chairs are all over the place- the first bar is located 1/2 towards the back, the second, in the back. As you put your name in for a table, you have extremely limited space to stand- in fact, the servers are tripping over you. No flow is evident. Once you get to the bar, if you are lucky, you can climb over the person next to you to get onto a bar chair.  Our server was really attentive and charming- he took back poorly made drinks with a smile, and seemed to have more personality than the rest combined. He earns the stars!!The hostess growled at us to wait by the bar (not nice!) , really not our fault that they neglected to put in any space for a wait by the door. Bartenders are somewhat surly- at least they were to us.  Our party ordered some appetizers while we were waiting for everyone else to show. Onion rings-good. Fries- nothing to write home about. Once we got our table, no one offered to help move the remaining appetizers. We had to cart them over ourselves. They were still using the VD menu- it felt like we could order yesterday's leftovers. Food was fine- I had the fish-n-chips, portion was too big (who eats that many fries??) others had weirdly sized portions too. Sandwiches were huge, bowl of soup looked really puny. Salad- looked OK (not enough dressing).  Lights were low, drinks were being consumed, we were enjoying, and then the Guinness girls show up? They were passing out free scratch cards (everyone at our table won the same thing- gloves) and free short drafts. I am never one to turn down a free drink, but somehow, this just did not fit . Are we in a bar that has contests, or eating dinner at a restaurant?  Maybe they should have tried that at the actual bar-- not sure, just did not work with our dinner. Overall- this place seems seriously confused. It needs to decide what it wants to be and stick with it. Restaurant or bar/ or bar restaurant with separate sections... it just does not work as it is.  They might also consider happy pills for a large portion of their staff, it would help too! If I never step foot in here again- I will have missed absolutely nothing.
