Don't be fooled boys and girls. I have no idea what it is that motivates the other reviewers on this page to give Geja's Cafe such "rave" reviews but this is nowhere near a 4 star restaurant to me.  I will start with the good stuff: the ambiance. You want romance? Try candle-lit booths coupled with a live acoustic guitar player, decorated in a quasi-spanish European style. It's very cozy and I can see how couples could fall in love just holding hands while playing with melted chocolate.  However, that's really where all of the good ends and the bad begins. Geja's serves their food in a variety of "complete sets" where you get a salad, cheese fondue, meat (beef/chicken/seafood), veggies and a chocolate fondue and coffee. I could make a blanket statement here and just tell you that nothing really impressed me and everything tasted pretty bland but I will try to provide more detail.  Salad - completely unmemorable but satisfactory though I wasn't expecting much. Cheese fondue - nice flavor in the cheese but all the items they provided for dipping were stale. Stale bread, limp grapes. Yucky.  Meat - Beef that tasted like beef. Chicken that tastes like chicken. All cooked in a vat of oil that splashes onto your women friends. Sure, they give you dipping sauces and they taste okay but are you really paying to cook your own food in a vat of oil and to flavor it using a variety of McDonald's dipping sauces? (I think the Honey Mustard from McDonalds is better than most of them...) Veggies - Take the same vat of oil that you cooked your meat in and add raw veggies. What do you get? Fried veggies with no flavor. Oh right, you can dip them in Teriyaki sauce to make them taste better. Ewww.  Chocolate fondue - How can anyone screw this up? It wasn't bad but man, they really need to do a better job of providing fresher dipping ingredients. The pound cake tasted like...cardboard?  Now, to sum it all up: my friends and I had a good time. We drank champagne, which was pretty good and it was fun playing with the foods but c'mon, do they REALLY think that people fall for the novelty and just forget that they actually are paying about $50 to $80 a person for this stuff?  I think this meal is worth maybe $15, tops. At the prices they are charging, you are better off going to Chinatown and finding a hot pot place and whispering sweet somethings in your girlfriend's ear. With the money saved, you can even buy her flowers to achieve the same romantic effect. Skip this place and thank me later.
