A beautiful summer night, a wonderful new friend and wine... and food... and sitting outside in said beautiful night... can we line these ducks up anymore? After a day of intense longness, a friend and I texted each other about meeting for a drink. Or two. And perhaps a nosh. Or two. Since she was staying on the Mag. Mile, we decided I would meet her down there after we got done with our engagements for the night. I arrived first, the hostess was kind enough to shout a little loud since the place was pumping with a plethora of people pouncing on drinks left and right. Slightly surprising at 9:30pm, but on a beautiful night like this, not really. The space is small, a wee bit too cozy, but after staring at the amazing list of cheeses on the wall, I was left a little excited and hungry. When my guest arrived, we were given a chance to sit at the communal table outside which we took. Definitely quieter, the best thing about the area was since it was later, traffic had died down, the greenery was lush, the air heavy with slight humidity and summer warmth... it nearly transported me to being somewhere other than downtown Chicago. The wine list was interesting and fairly diverse. Countless countries were highlighted, absolutely good prices on many bottles. Seeing as I was the only one drinking wine, I opted for a white from Portugal. And as seeing as I was the only one having something to eat, I opted for a simple crispy salad with radishes and a mint vinaigrette and sampling of Jimmy's Greek sausages with rapini and grapes. As we chatted about life and our passions, (no. seriously. we did.), I was quite happy with the salad. Not only was it refreshing, especially with the mint, it was well balanced with the mint not overpowering the rest of the salad. Refreshing, tasty and balanced. Well done. The sausage was roughly ground with some of the cut up pieces getting a little more browned and crispy, delicious, well seasoned and well prepared. The slightly wilted greens helped to soak up those succulent flavors of the sausage. The place is small plates, the wine list is great, the beer list is good, it's tiny but transformative of downtown Chicago. The service was great, our waitress was always on top of things, but never on top of us. A definite must and if you can snag an outdoor seat while the weather can't be beat... you might just be a little closer to trying to hide that smile at the end of the night.
