As a visitor from the Porkopolis (that's Cincinnati, people), I found myself terribly disappointed that we've been shown up by Chicago. The Publican does pork perfectly. You guys can keep your oysters because when larger than life paintings of pigs adorn the walls, I know where Paul Kahan's devotion lies: the lowly swine. We arrived half an hour early but were cheerfully greeted and shown to our table immediately. Our waiter quickly appeared (I don't believe he ever gave us his name), told us about the menu and beer list and left us to peruse the day's offerings which, unfortunately, did not include the pork rinds. Our disappointment soon vanished, though, with the arrival of The Taste of Three Hams, which sounds like a demented fairy tale and tastes like a dream. Little did we know that things were about to get even better. Next, we were presented with the pork belly. The acid in the broth and the tomatoes is the perfect counterpoint to the fat of the pork belly. It was tender and roasted so that the crisp layer around the outside was caramelized and oh-so-lovely. Dreams of that pork belly will haunt me now and forevermore. What would have been a four out of five review became a solid five due solely to the pork belly dish. It's just that delicious. The lamb sausage is also tasty. Served in a curried yogurt with fresh, green chickpeas and carrots, it is spicy and savory and so good. We also had the farm chicken with summer sausage and frites, which were good, but after the pork belly (the pork belly!) and lamb sausage, it was not exactly the highlight of our dinner. For our sides, we had the daily pickles which pair perfectly with pork. We also opted for the shaved brussels sprouts with grilled onions, lemon and mint. Word to the wise: do not skip the shaved brussels sprouts. This side dish was absolutely fantastic. As for the service, it was flawless even though our waiter was a bit awkward at times. Our water glasses were never empty, one beer glass was quickly replaced with another and aside from an inexplicable lag in the arrival of the farm chicken, our plates came out one right after the other. I don't know what anyone else is talking about with regard to the value. We left The Publican perfectly sated and very happy with our evening. For three people, six beers, four plates to share and two vegetables, with tip our dinner was under $150. Seems fair to me. Do yourself a favor, do not skip the pork at The Publican. In the hands of Paul Kahan and his capable crew, the pig does indeed become (to quote Homer Simpson) "some magical animal."
