First and foremost, a lesson in pizza terminology. A lot of people here are referring to them as having the best deep dish in the city. The Art of Pizza doesn't appear to even have deep dish on the menu. What they have is pan pizza, thin crust, and stuffed pizza. Pan Pizza - pizza that's made in the same pan a deep dish is made in, but a pan pizza has a thicker crust.  Pan pizzas are easily accessible and made in just about every city in America--I think everyone's had a Pizza hut pan pizza at some point in their life, no? Whereas a deep dish pizza is actually a thinner crust that's molded to the inside of the entire pan so that it has a large, but thin, lip. Then fill that with sauce, toppings, and cheese just like you would a pie. A deep dish will weigh twice as much as a pan pizza because it has so much more cheese and so many more toppings. At some Chicago pizzerias, they cook it long enough that the cheese gets nice and caramelized. A stuffed pizza is a twist on deep dish (perhaps I'd buy that you could call it a "subset" --but NOT the same) where the sauce is on the top layer. There's a thin base layer of crust, with a thick layer of cheese and toppings that melt together, then a VERY thin layer of crust. (Most people would probably never recognize that there's a thin layer of crust, but if you eat it cold you'd probably notice). Then a THICK layer of sauce. It will taste completely different than a deep dish though because the sauce and the seasonings on it are sometimes the most prevalent flavors.  The chunkiness of a sauce is very noticeable in a stuffed pizza, whereas it's not in a deep dish, or there's just not nearly as much sauce in a deep dish pizza. The cheese will be more chewy and kind of melds with the thin layer of crust. Stop using deep dish and stuffed pizza interchangeably, they're not. ...Now that we've got that out of the way.  So which did I choose? I ordered the Art's special stuffed pizza...  Taking into consideration that many here think this is "the best" ... As far as deep dish goes you can't really compare it to a real deep dish, it's different, but I think there are clearly better deep dish pizzas. Now, as far as stuffed pizza... there are a lot fewer players in this arena but I'd still say it's not my favorite (for that, I'd refer you to Rosatti's on Broadway/Lawrence). Art of Pizza stuffed pizza is clearly better than some others though. They brought me a free 2 liter of Pepsi... a HFCS abomination that's been sitting in my fridge for 3 weeks now. I can't find anyone willing to take it off my hands! The supreme salad was good, but there was not nearly enough lettuce. it was a salad you ate and had a bowl full of toppings left over. Kind of a waste. The creamy garlic dressing was good tasting.
