Slight Update: This isn't worth a full blown "update" but I came here again in September just for drinks on the rooftop, I think it was a Wednesday or Thursday night. It was crowded but we still managed to find a really nice table in the grassy area (most of the crowd was standing- I think it was some sort of convention). Service was slow slow slow, and they took a lot of the drinks I adored from opening night off the menu. Make that ALL of them. But the drinks are still good. They are weak, which, not gonna lie, was probably for the best (this was a second date, and on the first date, I got inexcusably hammered at Motel Bar). There wasn't a wait to get upstairs or anything, and once the rooftop closed, the lounge area was a great place to continue the evening. So I suppose my overall 5 star review treats this mostly as a night spot, more so than a restaurant. Although I still remember liking their food from opening night. ORIGINAL: I was really blown away by the opening Friday night. This place is unlike any I've been to in Chicago. I wasn't really expecting to be quite this impressed, knowing it was a chain of sorts, but don't let that, or any preconceived notions about Brazillian steakhouses, sway you The food was just phenomenal. Unlike the Fogo's and Brazzazz's out there (ok I've only been to Fogo but whatever), they've got much more than a salad bar option for non-red-meat eaters. For one thing, they come around with options like mahi-mahi (I think, now I'm blanking on whether that's what it was, but just know that it was GOOD), lamb, some sort of sushi roll option, and on and on (so no one is carting around a big slab of cow carcass, which frankly just grosses me out- I like my food with a little presentation :)). On top of that, instead of a salad bar, they have their "harvest tables" (fancy talk for buffet). I could get my money's worth on this part alone- there were so many things to choose from! I loved the bread and cheese portion too. And while we managed to not take full advantage of the dessert section (it seemed to have disappeared part way through the night, but maybe we just hi it at a bad time when they were trying to keep the dinner options more available for the enormous crowd). But the coconut truffle I had- could have filled a plate up with those and called it a day :) (I think it is comparably prced to Fogo for dinner as well- I'd pick this ANYDAY) The space itself is beautiful. As the others so far have said- they clearly spent a lot of money to make this a place you don't want to leave. to your right is a great lounge area with some high tops surrounding the perimeter, and some benches and chairs laid out in front of the so very cool fireplaces (seriously, if nothing else, go to check this out- I want one!!!). There's even this little rock garden set off to one end with a few benches offering more privacy. The dining room is also just gorgeous- it manages to be trendy and elegant at the same time- the designer is brilliant. I personal just can't stand things that are too trendy and would rather have a touch of comfort, and this hits it perfectly. I imagine that the rooftop is going to be the area's crown jewel for the summer- if you work in the loop or river north, your colleagues will be trying to make this their after work drink spot. If they'd had their liquor license for up there yet, I imagine we would have been up there for a good chunk of the night. (I'm guessing this wil be bar only and not food up here?) The drinks are also amazing- and the staff's recommendations were dead on- the ginger bourbon mix that we were told we had to try, despite any confusion at that combo, was incredible, the strawberry kiwi martini was freshly muddled to perfection, and waitresses were coming around with a fabulous white sangria. There is a wine tasting room that was reserved for private parties, and the bar in the main dining room had its own lovely collection.  I know a lot of people think about the all-you-can-eat restaurants and figure its a night of trying to stuff yourself silly on lower quality food just to feel like the cost was justified. But seriously, this was so different, it was all really good, and I don't think I'd ever feel compelled to eat a ton just to feel like it was worth it, because the quality was there. Frankly a night out for sushi isn't any cheaper. Here you have the added element of getting to try out smaller portions of so many options (or fill yourself with one if you'd like!), rather than having to decide up front what you entire meal will be, and to have them brought out to you by an amazingly friendly staff that clearly cares about service I will most certainly be back!
