the husband had a conference in the city, and his organization picked up the tab for the hotel and the parking. rad. "free" instantly makes a lot of things better. this hotel was no exception.  the parking garage was ample enough to accommodate our car every night of the week we stayed, which included st. patrick's day weekend. even with the hotel being booked to capacity, we still had a spot. this has not always been my experience in downtown hotels, even if it isn't a holiday weekend. the front desk staff were very pleasant and helped us liked they loved their jobs. that was impressive alone. my husband and i are hilton honors members, and that made a big difference at check in. there was an enormous line of probably close to 40 people waiting to check in at the normal check in desk. we were able to bypass it all, and go right to the honors desk. we were up to our room in minutes.  the room was nice. a little dated, but nice. we were unable to book a room with only a king size bed, so we were in a room with two double beds. the room had two full bathrooms too, which was pretty rad, because if i don't have to share a bathroom with my husband... it's a great day. there are several pubs and restaurants in the hotel and a snack bar that is both open early and closes late. it's nice for a quick bite or a cup of coffee. it serves starbucks coffee. if you prefer caribou, there is one just down the block though. all in all, this is a nice hotel. about standard price for spendy downtown hotels. if you're not from chicago, and don't know the city -- i'll tell you, this hotel is located in an awesome tourist area. it's well within walking distance of the lakefront. i am a runner who took advantage of that during the visit. (there is a path that runs from the south loop to loyola unversity on the north end for runners and bikers.) you are also walking distance from adler planetarium, the field museum, and shedd aquarium. if you are looking to go out or get a decent dinner, the south loop is not what it used to be. having lived in chicago for many years, i am always surprised how neighborhoods change and evolve. in this case, the south loop is very different than it was even 10 years ago. there are a lot of bistros, cafes, and bars for all kinds of different tastes. going to the northern tourist destinations, like water tower place, will involve a fairly hefty hike (but it's through the city, so if you don't mind a trek, it's a nice walk). the el is within blocks of the hotel though, and is so easy to navigate that there is no reason to pay ridiculous cab fare.
