Non-descript on the outside, yet wonderful minimal style that waxes Alice In Wonderland nostalgia on the inside - once you enter you are transported back in time to an era of divine spirited intervention when gentleman "called" on ladies, and cocktails were made with fresh ingredients and elixirs in tiny vials. I first learned about the Violet Hour from a friend of one of the owners, and being a T.S. Eliot fan as much as a fan of the Prohibition era style, I admit I was more than intrigued by the inspiration of this lovely lounge. The mystique was enhanced once I set foot through the somewhat hidden door. And then there were the cocktails... Each time I've brought someone new to the Violet Hour I almost feel as if I am entering for the first time all over again. The setting is intimate yet engaging, and I highly recommend sitting at the bar. Talk to your bartender's - they know their stuff, and each went through 2 weeks of cocktail training before the VH opened. The NY Mixologist they invested in was definitely worth every penny - these old-fashioned cocktails not only hit the mark on "the real thing" they are so far the best I've had in this city. The ice block (not cubes) is triple-filtered and designed not to melt your diligently mixed glass of goodness, and the frothed egg white is a fantastic touch to the martini-style cocktails (don't worry, what doesn't fit in the tiny old-fashioned martini glass politely waits in the sidecar). I haven't tried the food yet, but the menu is small plates with complimenting yet unique ingredients. Perfect for an after-dinner cocktail or evening topper, impressive for a first date you want to wow, and ideal for intimate conversation with your date, whether it be an evening out with a friend or romantic prospect. Expect to pay $11 per drink, but it will be worth every penny. Also try to go during the week if you want your pick of seating - I personally enjoy sitting at the bar, but the extreme highback chairs and booths are also enticing. Generally, I've enjoyed the music played, but I can't help but feel that Duke Ellington, Cole Porter, or the Gershwin brothers would be more nostalgic to the theme.
