Apparently there is one thing that will bring everyone together. It will unite northsiders and westsiders. It will unite suburbanites and city-dwellers. It will unite Cubs fans and White Sox fans. It will unite vegetarians and omnivores. It will unite people of all races and creeds. Heck, it might even create world peace it's so powerful. And that force, that mystical experience is...the potential of eating penis or watching someone else eat penis. No not in that way. Though I'm sure if there were live sex shows in Chicago it might draw a diverse crowd. The appendage in question here, however, belongs to a bull. And it's in a soup. A soup that's available at Tank Noodle. Actually it can be put in any soup there for $5. But so popular is this dare-sounding delicacy that on the night a group of about 20 Yelpers ventured out, the restaurant had, sadly, run out. It was a penisfail of 75-year old recluse spinster proportions! Being a pho virgin and hearing from my source of all things vegetarian Jade T. that they made it vegetarian here, I joined the party. Much like dim sum, there was some meat-based trickery involved. All the appetizers we ordered, despite having veggie friendly names, seemed to have meat involved. Even the fish pancake had pork in it! But, Tank pretty much redeemed itself from this tomfoolery through its veggie pho. While it was missing the meat (at least according to many of my companions), it wasn't missing the flavor. Large vegetables swam in a flavorful, though somewhat bland and a little salty, broth which was wonderfully soothing to my stomach. My one disappointment was the noodles. While my meat eating friends got huge portions of thin noodles, my noodles were sparse, thick, and stumpy. The last laugh was mine, however. My noodles were shaped more phallic than anything anyone else got! Suck it, meaties! Wait, that just sounded wrong. The ambiance also sounds similarly wrong to that last statement. This place was busy, loud (so much so that I didn't even realize music was playing until after dinner), and the service was, most likely be terrible. It's impressive that they float between so many tables. But they also seem to disappear. I'm not quite a pho-an (it works if you pronounce it right) but I'd back back to watch other people stick penis in their mouth for sure.
