I had heard of 90 Miles from several friends and colleagues who raved about the restaurant and I had it on my list of restaurants to visit. Yesterday I was interviewing a candidate for a job, and then having a staff meeting over dinner and I needed a place with WIFI access.  After researching I found 90 Miles was one of the venues, and decided to call. I called the Clybourn location and they informed me they didn't have free WIFI, but if I called the Armitage location before 5pm, I could make reservations and have my meetings there (according to the person on the phone, Armitage had free Wifi).  I called the Armitage location and the young lady who answered was very courteous and informed me that they didn't take reservations for parties with less than 6 people (there were 5 in my party). She also mentioned they didn't expect to be very busy, so that I wouldn't have a problem.  I arrived to the restaurant at 6:45 and the hostess greeted me curtly, and when I told her it would be a party of 5 but one person would arrive at 7pm, and then at 7:30pm the rest of the party would be there, she promptly asked if I had a reservation.  When I explained to her I had called and had been told I couldn't make a reservation for a party of 5, she said that I had been misinformed by both of the people I'd spoken to and that she couldn't accommodate me. I decided to sit near the entrance and wait for the candidate I was interviewing, and then I'd sit with the rest of the party in their dining room.  The hostess seem bothered with my request, but allowed me to sit in the EMPTY dining area regardless. I then took my laptop out to get my files ready for the interview, and it said a new router had been purchased and the pin # hadn't been entered. I asked another hostess if she could help, she restarted the router, and when I mentioned to her that the only thing they needed to do was enter the pin # from behind the router onto their main computer, she replied, "There must be something wrong with your laptop because everyone else's computers work here."  The only reason I chose 90 Miles was because some friends raved about it and convenience. I called the interview candidate as well as my staff, and I told them to meet me at Seor Pan 4612 W. Fullerton.  I had a great interview with the candidate, my staff and I had an incredible meeting (they had all been 90 Miles clients and it was their first time at Seor Pan).  My husband and I are always looking for new restaurants to add to our list, but 90 Miles definitely left the wrong impression from the moment I walked in. I guess the 5 stars should go to Seor Pan who's had repeat visits from my meeting attendees that day. Never again 90 Miles!
