Let's get this review over with already-sheesh! I actually went 5/27. Let me just say that my two buddies and I had been anticipating this meal since last year some time. We just couldn't get our schedules right. That's like a year of salivating for India House! I have finally decided to do this review.Sighhhhhhhhh... A couple of words/phrases come to mind: Huuuuge disappointment Underwhelmed Tourist trap Meh And pardon me if I am all over the place but here goes: We were greeted warmly and seated quickly. Service: The service left a bit to be desired. It wasn't bad but it wasn't on par with what a restaurant with waiter service should provide. I wasn't even sure who our waiter was because different people came to our table throughout the meal(I believe another Yelper had this same complaint). We were given copious amounts of water-I like water but damn how many times do you need to come by to fill glasses that are already full? Many dishes were not available-disappointing. The atmosphere just didn't feel friendly-I can't put my finger on it. There was a bit of a language barrier which made it difficult to communicate our wants effectively. The waitstaff wasn't much help in explaining the menu options etcetera. Prices: The prices are a bit on the high side. I realize I'm downtown and this is supposed to be a dining out experience, yada yada yada but for these prices give me something more than just an okay experience. The decor is nice. The meal: Cheese Pakoras Samosas-The samosas were not like any I had had before. 2 for 5.00-really?! They were definitely overpriced and had little flavor Chicken madras Paneer Makhani Chicken Dum Biryani I don't remember the rest of the food we ordered The food was just okay. The portions were small for the price I didn't feel that I was getting the authentic Indian experience. I am quite familiar with Indian food and this is just slightly less Americanized than Chutney Joe's. I don't mind paying for a dining out experience but I just can't help but feel somewhat cheated. Honestly it didn't help that later I went to Tahoora and got 2 huge samosas for- ready-a whopping 75 cents each and they were huge and damn tasty! Anticipation will kill you every time. It was just another place to add to the list of 'been here done that'
