First off, let me say I'm a little disappointed no one at Mia Francesca has taken the time to claim its Yelp listings. With 265 reviews for this concept alone, they really need to engage with their customers a little more closely. Regardless, I love this place. Me and a friend were visiting Chicago over New Year's and decided to do a late dinner here on New Year's Day. Engaging a little too hard in celebratory shenanigans the night prior, a laid back evening was much needed. I visited Mia Francesca back in July for the first time and loved it. The second time was even better! To start, my friend and I shared the Risotto appetizer special. It was delicious. Risotto is hard to perfect, but this was the closest to perfection I've tasted. Next, I ordered the Insalata alla Francesca. This salad is amazing! Romaine, endive and radicchio with fresh blue cheese crumbles and vegetables. It's definitely large enough to share and, if you're not all that hungry, a great option for a meal. But, I'm glad I opted for a pasta dish for my main entree. I choose the Linguine al Funghello. It was tossed in a veal-brandy sauce with big plump mushrooms. It as absolutely delicious. Hands down, it was the best pasta dish I've ever had. We were too stuffed for dessert, but the tiramisu, I've heard, is delicious. Another plus for this place is I noticed it offers a Gluten-free menu, which many of my friends suffering from this allergy would greatly appreciate. I would grade the service lower than food...maybe a B. The servers need to be a little more attentive. We waited over five minutes for a greeting and waters. Other than that, this place is one of my favorite restaurants in the nation. The seating is typical Chicago-style dining...close and cramped, but possessing a sense of community and charm. It's the type of dining a true foodie appreciates because the chef and/or owners put their money where it matters...into the quality of the food and not dumping all kinds of money into the decorating and interior. Keep that money pushing toward the awesome food! I'll be back again and again.
