the only reason this place doesn't get five stars is...well, i guess there are two. one, i was still hungry when the dinner was over...and this should not be after a 9-course meal spanning 4-plus hours; and two, this place was so fancy, i felt very much out of place and uncomfortable at times...though the entire staff was extremely friendly and helpful in making me feel as comfortable as possible. i guess i just wasn't comfortable with someone rushing over to escort me to the restroom as soon as they saw me stand up.  but, like i said, this place was a really fancy, upscale place where jackets were required and since i don't frequent places like this much, i guess it would be unfair for me to mark that as a negative.  the three of us all ordered the grand chef's collection, which consisted of 9-courses, though with all the in-between freebies, it was more like 13 to 15-courses. after we ordered, the sommelier came over and we left the remainder of the dining experience in his hands by asking him to pair our courses with wines he recommended. he did an excellent job. the wines he paired with the beets (this was actually a sake), gnocchi, lobster, and ribeye were excellent. each wine definitely complimented and brought out the various flavors of each course. he also brought us a dessert wine that i enjoyed so much that i have already started trying to find it at local wine stores. now, onto the food itself, these are the courses that i really enjoyed: white sturgeon "caviar", golden beet collage, english pea soup, la ratte potato gnocchi, veal ribeye, and the dessert course (which included a chocolate explosion). the only course that i really wasn't all that impressed with was the alaskan halibut. the halibut was very flavorless and the accompanying carrot/ginger sauce and foam both had a very overpowering ginger taste, which i was not very fond of. the maine lobster course was delicious, it just didn't stand out. there was this wagu ravioli that my sister and brother-in-law said was very delicious; unfortunately, i cannot confirm this since it slithered its way down my throat before I could taste it...  i really enjoyed their cheese course as well. they had a very wide collection of cow, sheep, and goat cheeses from mild to stinky to soft to hard to blue. at the end of the night, they printed out the menu for us to take home to remember the dining experience along with an extra dessert treat, which i thought was a very nice touch. tru is definitely a place i would frequent more often if i had unlimited financial resources. unfortunately, that is not the case. but if you ever have the opportunity to have this kind of a dining experience, i would suggest you take it and soak it all up....especially if it's at tru.
