We started going here after the First Look for Charity at the auto show. After half of our group moved out of town, we can't necessarily match up for the auto show, but we have continued our tradition of going here every year & wish I could afford to go more often. The guys always make fun of the girls for going to the salad bar, but they have no idea what they are missing out on! So much goodness. If I were a vegetarian, I would come here with the meat eaters just to indulge in the fresh veggies, interesting cold salads (some sweet one that is deelish!), giant asaparagus, the largest block of parm on the planet & a million other things that look amazing, but I am a carnivore and have to save room for the parade of meat! After a very attentive and knowledgeable waiter helps us choose a wine, the cards flip to green & it is a non-stop assault of goodness on your taste buds! Naturally the bacon-wrapped filet and chicken are stunning, but everything is so good! Even if you didn't think you saved room for desert, go for the Papaya Creme. Light and refreshing, it is the perfect ending to an amazing meal. The service here is second to none. While you have one wait staff to call your own, everyone takes care of you. Your glass is constantly full, crumbs and dirty plates are unobtrusively whisked away and a new one placed. Everyone there cares about making your experience there a good one. Any favorite cut of meat you didn't get? They will flag it down for you! One in our group's flight got delayed & the staff was kind enough to let him into the restaurant after they stopped seating in order to join our party. They treated him just as kindly as he were there with us all night. They have a coat check & pull the chairs out for the ladies. Even though we go once a year, I am starting to recognize the staff, which means a lot of them have probably worked there a long time. That says something about the place too. Maybe they treat the staff as well as they treat the customers! They are always knowledgeable & don't seem like they have to think about the questions you ask. The ambiance is amazing, too. Even when it is packed in there and waiters run around the huge space, it seems quiet and you never have to yell to hear your table. Reservations are highly recommended though you can wait in the bar & they will transfer your tab to your table. The valet parking is cheap & worth it in the winter.
