I had a good time here, but I think it is overpriced and overhyped, just like most of Chicago's new restaurants.  I was embarrassed, because I was "that guy" that didn't want to sit where we were sat. Listen, I will say it til I'm blue in the face - I HATE COMMUNAL TABLES. I will gladly sit on the end of a communal table, but do not EVER try to seat me in the MIDDLE of one, especially when we are THREE people, and one of us will inevitably end up sitting between two STRANGERS. What is appealing about that, seriously? So, just from five minutes after walking in the door, I was already riddled with anxiety because I did not want to sit where the hostess was trying to seat us, but I HATE when people don't want to sit where I seat them, so I was about to hyperventilate. It also didn't help that the hostess did all but roll her friggin' eyes at me - listen, I am not that g.d. difficult, just don't try to make me sit with a bunch of strangers! I'm not at a party, I'm with my mother and my boyfriend spending LOTS of money at your restaurant. That's what I really don't understand about communal dining: since it's become such a fad, all of these expensive restaurants are doing it. Seriously? You want me to spend $30 or whatever on a g.d. cheese plate but you want me to eat it while I'm sandwiched between two strangers? I may as well just be sharing with THEM!! Whatever - I digress. After the hostess gave an exasperated sigh (and whatever, btw, cuz it was like 5pm on a Sunday and the place wasn't even half full yet, so get over yourself), she led us to an empty communal table in the outdoor area so we could sit on the end. Mind you, it was still pretty chilly outside, but their patio is fully covered and yeah, I would rather sit in the cold than sit between two strangers. That's just how much I hate it.  Yeah, the food's good, the wine's good, but it's not worth all the hype for communal tables and overpriced food. And the location SUCKS - right on Michigan Avenue? We spent almost as much on parking as we did on dinner, for god's sake.
