It's hard to know how to rate Sushi X. The food: Having never been to Sushi X, we ordered one hot item and 8 rolls between us. We had the wasabi garlic mashed potatoes, a buddha roll, a veggie tempura roll (no roe please!), a shitake roll, an avocado roll, a crab rangoon roll, a salmon skin roll, a sake roll, and a kappa roll. The first four were mine (vegetarians who still love sushi, unite!) and the latter four my girlfriend's. We also ordered the "Japanese Iced Green Tea". Oh my God. I had no idea how huge the buddha and crab rangoon rolls would be. Is this normal in Chicago? I've never had such a wide maki before. And there were 10 pieces! In the other parts of the country I've had sushi my rolls have generally ranged 6-8 pieces, but not 10. If we had know, I think we'd have cut our order in half. That said, almost everything we had was fantastic. I agree that Sushi X is a little heavy handed with the mayo. I get why they have it in some rolls, but it's in most of their rolls on the right side of the menu, so they could really hold back a little more. Even so, the buddha was pretty fabulous with lettuce, avocado, daikon, tempura asparagus, cucumber, shitake, and green onions. Better than your usual veggie roll with just avocado, carrots, and cucumber. My girlfriend said the crab rangoon tasted almost creepily like the real thing, in a good way. The wasabi garlic mashed potatoes were unusual in a sushi place, but incredibly good. I mean, I'm an Irish girl. There were potatoes. With WASABI. I'm sold. I didn't really dig my shitake roll because it was drowned in sesame seeds. I love me some sesame but I mean they were literally like 30% of the roll and I think anyone who has have had sesame knows they that's enough to overpower everything else in the roll. Sad. Also, that Japanese iced green tea? Was a bottle of Fuze. Which is made in the U.S. ... yeah. I mean, there might be a slight chance that Fuze uses Japanese tea leaves instead of Chinese or Indian, but I doubt it. I felt more than a little cheated paying $3 for a Fuze flavor I don't even like. The Service: Weird. Sometimes really awesome, sometimes non-existent. It wasn't horrible by any means. Just that our server semi-disappeared after bringing our last dish and only filled our water glass once during the meal. Still, they're a small place with only two servers, so I can see how during a busy time they might flake a little. The Atmosphere: Awesome and headache inducing at the same time. Some might think of it as goth. I don't, largely because in Japan, many restaurants are themed. This one happens to be a restaurant in the US themed to be kind of Japanese. It's dark, with anime playing on one wall. Unlike most places in town, the servers aren't 20-something white kids. Techno is played at a level that's loud but not totally impossible to converse over (though you might have to speak up). I liked it, but I'm a little weird, so I get why some don't. So that's that. Sushi X is on par with other overpriced sushi places in the area, but Sunday and Monday you can take advantage of the 5-7 happy hour. The price is good for two rolls per person per order but you can put in more orders until 7, so you can technically work it for as long as you want. That said, if you're ordering Mega or Neo rolls, I can't imagine ordering more than two. Really, they're huge. I will note, I felt a little sick after my meal, but I'm pretty sure that's because of the giant portions, not the quality of the food.
