Hot Doug's is a part of my history! I went to Lane Tech for high school and I use to go to Doug's when it was on roscoe and Oakland. The place was so different from big boy gyros and other hot dog places. My lunch mates and I loved the dogs and we went almost EVERYDAY our sophomore year- he even signed our year books. It was so hip and he'd put vh1 on the tv. I still have a monkey pin I got from Doug's and I keep it on an old belt I had. I feel like I've seen Doug's place grow from the beginning and he has remained genuine. First time I had rabbit, elk, buffalo, antelope, kangaroo and much more. My favorite was something called the frankenwurst- 10in hotdog with 1.5 in diameter- stupendous. I'd go eat Doug's and then go to gym class and outperform everyone due to the warrior topping on hot Doug's dogs. Then, it happened. Dougs burned to the ground. The people above him were careless and and those hot dogs were too charred. However, like the Phoenix Doug is, he rose from his ashes and moved across the river. 1st day he opened a new location, I ran during lunch to get there. I literally climbed the fence separating high school property from public property, crossed the river and ran to Doug's all sweaty and all- I felt like the girl in "The Village" finding the cure for Joachim Phoenix. Ever since, Doug is so nice and he knows what it means to make loyal customers. Anyway here's the low down: Price- great price for what you get. Regular dog is $1.50 (cash only). Special dog is around $7 but they are so unique- fois gras done, chicken peanut dog, alligator...dog. Quality- can' be beat. Char dog is my fav. My friend use to love char and fried. Fries are good to and very homemade. Quantity- you can get a good amount of food for what you pay- Frankenwurst- $10 maybe. Atmosphere- lots of blue, red and yellow. Very retro place with lots of memorabilia. Staff- Doug is rude- he's like his own Ed debevics but he's actually loveable. He gives tough love and has helped me grow in my career. Check this place out and buy as much as you can because you probably won't go everyday- unless you are a sophomore at lane tech and have 4th period lunch
