Like the other 4 bajillion reviews on here, I can attest that the Hopleaf is fantastic but crowded, has the best frites ever (more aioli, please!) and the upstairs bar is a refuge, albeit one with limited beer selection. So what can I say that hasn't been said? How about my Hopleaf Calendar O' Beer? A little guide to my own personal preferences when I imbibe at one of the best bars in the world. JANUARY: Kwak. What better way to start the year than ordering up my first Hopleaf love? Kwak was my first libation at the bar, and when it arrived in its famous mug, I knew I'd love it, if even just for the experience. Its beautiful amber body was the perfect Belgian introduction to the Hopleaf. I also quickly learned the lesson of what starts out sounding like a joke: What happens when you cross two Kwaks together? Answer: You get kwaked. Really kwaked. FEBRUARY: Maredsous Dubbel 8. Tones of chocolate and fruit? Sounds a bit like Valentine's Day, but this is a wonderful dark ale that warms and cheers me up when I've given up on my beautiful, but bitterly cold, city. Nothing like a Belgian ale to restore some faith in the world. MARCH: La Chouffe by Brasserie d'Achouffe La chouffe means "the gnome," in case you didn't pick it up from the adorable logo. March is in like a lion and out like a lamb, but La Chouffe is just sweet the whole way down. It may be too sugary for some people, but for someone with a sweet tooth like me, this brew is fantastic. APRIL: Bell's Cherry Stout. Ah, April, the month of cherry blossoms. I celebrate by ordering my favorite Michigan brewery's cherry stout--sweet and bordering on tart, but with enough body to make me happy. MAY: Bourbon County Stout by Goose Island. At 10 bucks a pop, it's a bit pricy. But if I'm looking for bourbon-infused beer--which I am, often, and especially during Derby season--nothing satisfies like Goose Island's rare brew aged in oak bourbon barrels. I'm a fan of bourbon brown ales, which are easier to find in my Old Kentucky Home, but I'll happily settle for the stout here in the Windy City. JUNE: Atomium Premier Gran Cru by Van Steenberge When I'm upstairs at the "secret" bar, the Atomium is my go-to beer. I adore coriander and orange flavor in beer, so it's a perfect fit. The combination of zest and kick is perfect for the sun setting on a warm early summer evening. JULY: Lindemans Peche. Most people go for the cassis when they order Lindemans lambics, but currants aren't my style. On a hot day, nothing goes down cooler and sweeter than the peach sister of the Lindeman family. AUGUST: Hoegaarden. Call me boring, but as Hopleaf says, it's the original white beer. And I love it. SEPTEMBER: Witkap. As summer turns to fall, I attempt to kick my white beer habit with something a little different. Witkap's banana essence is what does it for me. This brew also makes me crave peanut butter and banana sandwiches stuffed in paper bags as the kids head back to school. OCTOBER: Nut Brown Ale by Samuel Smith Get things dark and roasty as fall comes on full force. Nothing too fancy, but definitely classic, and I always feel good sipping this brew and knowing this is the boyfriend's father's favorite beer. NOVEMBER: St. Bernardus Abt 12. Abbey beers make me happy, particularly the Abt 12 by St. Bernardus. The brown ale's richness is perfect for settling in next to the Hopleaf stove and warming up as fall settles itself into a long winter. DECEMBER: Three Floyd's Gumballhead While this American wheat beer is maybe a bit summery, Three Floyd's Gumballhead has the most wonderful aftertaste of pine that gets me going as the winter holidays approach. When I'm stringing up the Christmas lights, I order up a Gumballhead to satisfy my piney citrus cravings with this beer that finishes clean.
