I finally got around to signing up for a Yelp account just so that I could write a rave review for this undiscovered little gem. At first, I didn't want to let others in on the secret, but after several exceptional meals here, I feel obligated to dish up some public praise. Where else in Chicago can you get 5 delicious, beautifully plated courses for $40 and bring your own wine to boot? The portions are just right for a 5-course meal. I always leave satisfied, but not stuffed. The macadamia crusted ruby red trout is particularly phenomenal. The service is so warm and attentive it's like being a dinner guest in someone's home.  It's small and intimate -- a great spot for a date. There is plenty of parking right out front.  Amazingly, you don't even seem to need a reservation to get seated right away.  On top of all that, the people who run Bonsoiree seem like genuinely nice people. The first time I went, I had trouble getting the online reservation system to work so I left a message on their voicemail and the head chef phoned me back to help me book a table. (Take that Schwa!) The second time I went, the manager remembered me and greeted me like a regular. It does indeed make you feel warm and fuzzy as another reviewer noted. Frankly, I don't get it. This place is such a phenomenal deal, I can't figure out how the owners earn a profit or why it is not bursting at the seams. Granted, the decor is nothing fancy but for me, the cozy, unpretentious atmosphere is part of its charm. Maybe Bonsoiree just needs to be open a little longer to catch on.  My advice: get there quick while you can still get a table. UPDATE: 2/09. Wow, I went back recently for their new 13-course tasting menu. Unbelievable!! The boyfriend brought me here for my birthday knowing that this is one of my favorite restaurants and it was truly special. A great meal served up with lots of extra special attention from chef Shin, as well as some extra wines to taste. There were some truly unique and mind-blowing flavors and ingredients on this menu. As a serious foodie, I find it extremely difficult to find tastes that are truly new and this meal delivered. Possibly the best dinner I have ever had and that is saying a lot. And it didn't cost a fortune. LOVE THIS PLACE!
