Mastro's is probably one of the most gluttonous restaurants in Chicago. I can't decide whether their specialty is steak, or whether it's the butter cake. Or both? Jordan D (who unfortunately now lives in DC, maybe a blessing in disguise for my heart and arteries) and I started going here shortly after they opened, and in total, I've probably been here 6-7 times. Off the bat, I was pretty impressed. I actually disagree with anyone who says this place is "too swanky" or "a place to see/be seen." Mastro's is about the food and service, in my opinion. The steaks are...perfect, in my opinion. I really don't know anything about deciphering between different cuts of beef, or whether the have good wagyu/kobe (often overpriced and I am not sure I'd enjoy it)...I just know that I really enjoyed my petite filet there. It just tasted damned good. My most favorite part meal, though, hands down, was the butter cake. Fucking...just...the definition of gluttony in the best way possible. Sweet and also savoury and almost overwhelming, but not quite. This thing is pure amazing. It's basically sponge cake that has some cream cheese in the batter, and it's been soaked in butter twice throughout the baking. It comes with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top, and some fruit on the plate too, just to make you feel like you're still being reasonable in some fashion.  Basically, I would go here for coffee and butter cake and drinks afterwords---but that's by no means intended to mitigate the awesomeness of their steak. I also like their "philosophy on plates" as I'd call it. The steaks do come out on plates that are 440 degrees, so the steak continues to cook for a minute after they put it in front of you. On the converse, the salads come out on plates that are like 32 degrees. I like that. That's awesome. Steaks should be hot, salads should be cold. That's compartmentalizing and delivering dishes how they are to be delivered if I've ever heard of it. The atmosphere is dark and sexy but not over the top. It's an oasis in the middle of downtown chicago. It's well kept. It's not classy because of artwork or expensive light fixtures or a vintage piano or some celebrity/business figure frequents it...in fact...it has NONE of that. It's classy because it's clean, it's dark, and inside it's rather subdued. The service is just stellar. They explain the menu, they make recommendations, they answer questions, they make you feel acquainted. Never rushed, always willing to chat, they will surely find something in common to chat with you about. If you like the pretzel bread as much as I did, and ask nicely, they might even let you take a half a dozen of them home for no charge... I will say that most people were fairly dressed up the times I've gone here. At the very least, slacks and a shirt for a gentleman, and a dress for a lady. If you want to fit in that is. I still go in jeans and a button up shirt with rolled up sleeves. At the end of the day, Mastro's is probably the best candidate if you have a meat craving and you want to go to a steakhouse in the traditional sense of the word. That is what this place is good for. I feel like the gentleman with the cocktail that is part of their....logo?...accurately represents this place, too. Hard to beat, easy to enjoy, and subdued classiness with obvious gluttony is a nice combination.
