We went here just this afternoon, Thursday. We set off early hoping to beat the long queues which we've read so much about on Yelp. We got there at 12 noon. We were SOOOOO anxious that the queue would snake all the way around and our hungry stomachs would be screaming throughout our wait. Extremely fortunate were we! The queue was still within the doors of the restaurant! Yayyyyy! Ok, I wouldn't call it a restaurant because it's a small, unassuming place, tucked into the corner after a row of residential houses. We loved the deco - there were so many things hanging on the walls, cool pictures all over (even in the washroom!), very VERY colourful, even the chairs are of red, yellow, blue. The energy and activity that fills the place belies the size of it! Anyway, we ordered the foie gras dog (can't remember how much this was), the swedish potato Sausage with Dill-Garlic Mustard and Caraway Havarti ($7.50), and the cheese fries (large @ $2.75). My husband said his foie gras dog was not bad. I can't quite classify that "not bad" for you because I couldn't bring myself to eat the foie gras. Sorry, Yelpers! I can tell you re the Swedish potato Sausage though. The sausage was unbelievably soft and juicy inside. Usually when you eat hot dogs, they're tough and plain NOT nice. This swedish potato sausage had a PROPER taste! The hot dog bread was amazingly soft and hot, just soooooo pleasing in your mouth. The Dill-Garlic Mustard wasn't overpowering in taste because they didn't splatter it all over the hot dog as that would mask the taste of the cheese and sausage. I'd say the servings given for each accompanying ingredient for the hot dog was just perfect to compliment the sausage and bread. Cheese fries. They're good. There are different kinds of fries. Some people like the thin crispy, hardly any potato filling kind, some like it fat, filled with potato and soft. Hot Doug's fries are medium-sized, filled with a loose amount of potato meat, not very soft, not very sturdy to hold up straight and not very crispy - it's like everything in moderation. But when it's hot and with warm melted cheese...it's GooooooD. All in all, I would say that it's a great place. Good food, definitely much (x100) better than the normal hot dog. Excellent variety (more than 10 I think!). However, in all honesty, I do not think that I would wait for more than 1 hour for this.
