If you like meat and beer, you will like The Publican. If you enjoy exploring variety meats and sampling high-end beers (ranging from rare to novelty), you will LOVE The Publican. Chalk it up to luck if you must, but I have never had bad service here and, once the server figures out why I am there, (s)he is invariably effective in driving me to the delicious/curious meats and out-of-the-ordinary beers. First, the meats. Pig's head, duck hearts, 75-day aged beef, (remarkable) chicken liver pate. All done creatively and with a real respect for the ingredients. These are animal parts, after all, and it does seem to be a genuine respect. For example, the aged beef would have stood alone just fine. The addition of baby mackerel and grilled lemon added the umami (I know, don't hate) and acidity to complement the richness of the beef. And our server encouraged us to discover that combination. It worked. Also outstanding hams, traditional meat preparations (eg, porchetta) done well. And, by the way, they don't put anything on the menu that is "disgusting" so unless you are a vegetarian/vegan (not that there is anything wrong with that), cool it with the eeew looks. It is on the menu because it tastes good, not because the chef is showing off. Seriously, take a chance. Next, the beer. This is the only bar/resto where I have been excited when they tell me they are out of a beer because it usually means they have found something EVEN MORE awesome as a replacement...oh, yeah wine. And some whiskeys. But really, the beers. Local, Belgian, aged, flavored, dark, tart, light, fruity. You name it. And don't forget to buy a six-pack for the kitchen. Good karma. My suggestion is to avoid this place for brunch unless you are interested in meat and beer for brunch. To the point raised by a number of reviewers, the brunch service team (tired, disinterested, whatever) is not psyched to find a replacement bevvie for your iced tea and if you want an omelette, go to Egg Harbor. The dinner scene is busy and not quiet. I noticed recently that the music was turned down a bit, so the buzz was more crowd than techno-beat. Fine by me. And one last piece of advice, particularly for dinner, ask your server for advice. (s)he is probably happy to help you navigate what might seem like a daunting menu (both meat and beer).
