We got to experience pretty much everything about Longman & Eagle over a recent long weekend *except* dinner, and I have to say it's deserving of the hype. Our friends (whose wedding we were in town for) booked us guestroom 55, which overlooks Kedzie and the blue line station. It's put together with an eclectic and tasteful collection of art and accouterments, including a vintage hi-fi and cassette deck, complete with custom mixtapes. The bed was comfy, my wife enjoyed a soak in the vintage tub, and the minibar includes everything from pints of top shelf hootch to condoms. The only complaint about the room my wife really had was the vintage mirrors have age-appropriate shading and scarring, so it was a bit of a challenge to do makeup, and there wasn't a full-length mirror to check her outfit. The one big drawback to the guestrooms (apart from the heavy, awkward to access the building) is that they are situated directly above the bar, which is quite popular and open late. We tended to be out late getting in ourselves and typically a bit sauced, so it wasn't that much of an annoyance, but if you are looking for quiet accommodations L&E is definitely NOT for you. Pack ear plugs or "drink more and sleep well," as they recommend. We had drinks on a couple of occasions, ranging from straight whiskey (two complimentary shots included with your room) to beer to inventive bourbon cocktails. The bar staff were all very friendly and whiskey-smart, and the service was always spot on. We also had brunch a couple of mornings, and everything was freshly prepared and delicious. I had the crab benedict with dehydrated bacon one morning (outstanding) and the wild boar sloppy joe another. Unfortunately I was really suffering from the previous night's post-wedding escapades and didn't appreciate the sandwich as much as I'm sure I would have otherwise. I couldn't even drink the bloody mary that usually straightens me up (enough). As a package, Longman and Eagle is a very unique find: it's part whiskey bar, part gastropub, part hotel. It's definitely not for everybody, but it doesn't try to be, and it succeeds on all fronts well enough to be a standout establishment.
