I love that the indoor seating, during the week anyway, is like a library. Just tables of people working and reading and drinking great coffee and tea. When someone's cell phone rings, they go outside to answer it! Of course there's the occasional exception, like the time I had to listen to a hipster make follow-up calls to places he'd sent his resume, during which time he also cracked open a microwave container of Spaghetti-Os and started slurping away. Gross. For the most part it is a very subdued, chill, group of people, which makes this a great place to work if you need some peace and quiet. In the wintertime I liked sitting in one of the arm chairs near the front of the room and soaking up the sun... --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I'm a writer who has trouble working in her own home. (Distractions include books, magazines, DVDs, phone calls, snacks, cleaning to be done, the Internet as a whole, and a very large cat.) I tend to work for several hours at a stretch, so the library isn't always an option. Over the course of the past five years I discovered some amazing coffee shops in Chicago and worked there happily. Since moving to LA in 5/07, I've realized just how picky I am about coffee shops: I haven't been able to find one I really love!  In my quest for the perfect coffee shop, I have devised my own star rating system for the shops I review on this site. Each attribute below is worth one star, which makes it possible for a shop to lack desirable attributes yet still receive a perfect Yelp rating. Anything with a perfect Yelp rating is a place in which I am happy to sit for hours on end. * well lit * cozy atmosphere with comfortable seating * wifi (free or not) * open late * serves loose leaf tea * variety of affordable food and beverages * interesting people-watching, whether it be out the window or in the shop * not too crowded (I hardly ever go on the weekends because I know the odds would be against me) I understand that my rating system is unique to my own needs but hopefully I will be able to highlight qualities that others may be interested in. If anyone has any coffee shop suggestions for me, I am all ears! I would also like to state that I always try to spend enough money &/or leave a large enough tip to make my long-term presence tolerable to the cafe staff.  I cringe when I see people ordering a $2 iced tea and then follow it up with free tap water while they sit and read "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" in its entirety.
