This is probably the finest, most enjoyable meal available in Chicago right now. It's easy to drop $100/person all counted here; so for most of us it won't be a neighborhood fav. But when my Dad comes to town, we're taking him to Sprout. The combinations here are both unpredictable and delightful. In fact, this is the most adventurous and successful food we have had in Chicago. For example, current menu dessert items all feature a vegetable, but you will want to use them as inspiration for your home cooking. "Beets" is the name of the chocolate brownie dessert. At Sprout you order three items for the $60 prix fixe. You can order a la carte, but it won't save you very much and the prix fixe forces you to experience things you might never try otherwise. Our waiter--who was an encyclopedia of information about the items on the menu--suggested we order something we think we won't like. And he was right. He was right about everything. The things we didn't like on the menu were actually the things we liked best on the plate. We ordered the four-wine pairing flight for an extra $25. They were were all chosen perfectly, different wine for each of us with each course. Still, I felt afterwards that I might have been happier picking my own wines from the slightly overpriced short wine list. Another reviewer points out you can pay $15 to BYOB. I didn't know that ahead of time. Pairings are served in glasses of 3 oz.; normally wines are served in skimpy servings of 5 oz. I hate that sh*t. I'd pay the $15 to pour a full glass of wine. Of the things we ate it's hard to single out favorites; they were all so good. Standouts were the super-garlicky ribeye (don't order it if you don't love garlic, which I do), the delicately seasoned lamb, the Ono (steak-type Hawaiian white fish, a seared delicacy). My father in law didn't let me taste his veal, but pronounced it fine. There were flaws: twice the wine flight was late and we had already finished our food when it arrived. This was probably because the waiter, who had to pour and serve the wines himself, was very busy explaining the cryptic menu to other tables. This is management's fault. It would be simple to assign someone else the task of finding and pouring the wines for people on the flight plan.  Another weakness is if you have a party of larger than two. Only two of the tables are really good spots for four. Most of the seating is in the bar area and the whole place is a little cramped. That will have to change at some point if this place succeeds as it seems destined to do.
