What a great restaurant! I went here with a friend this past weekend and had an excellent time. We were had a stylish restaurant with gourmet food at not-too-steep prices in mind, and Graham Elliot did not disappoint.  I'll start with the food. Tables receive complimentary gourmet popcorn (in place of the standard, boring bread basket) with a different flavor each day. Ours was chive-flavored, appropriately crunchy and delicious. It's the perfect pre-appetizer nibble that won't you fill you up before your order arrives. Better yet, popcorn refills are free! I chose split pea bisque and escargot for my meal. The portions were perfect - smaller than the huge entrees you see at many restaurants, but large enough to feel appropriately full when I was done. I usually like to order appetizers and salad/soup rather than a full entree, and the "hot" and "cold" sections on the menu did not disappoint me.  Drinks are also excellent. Several interesting wines by the glass and fun cocktails with a fresh twist are available. I was pleased with my wine selection, and my friend ended up foregoing dessert in favor of a cocktail because she was so intrigued. Although neither of us ordered dessert, we also received a complimentary sample of three tea-flavored sorbets that were delicious. Graham Elliot definitely caters to the young, stylish, late-evening dining crowd, and the place was still relatively full when we arrived for our 8:30 pm reservation. Decor is stylish without being tragically hip. My only complaint on the space is the noise level. Music and conversation bounce in all directions off the low, wooden, beam-lined ceiling, which makes hearing your companions quite difficult, although we became used to it as the meal progressed.  Finally, service is also friendly and accommodating. Initially, we were worried that bad service was ahead when we had to ask another server to send ours over to take our drink order after we'd been seated for several minutes. She was very apologetic upon her arrival, however, and made up for it with prompt, proactive service and a cheerful demeanor, so we chalked up the beginning as a fluke.  Definitely check out Graham Elliot if you're looking for fine-dining food with a more laid-back atmosphere and price point. I'll be back!
