$20 Winter prix fixe menu at Kinzie? I'm in! I returned to Kinzie Chop House last night with the friend who initially recommended it a couple years ago. While it was still a fantastic meal, I was slightly disappointed that the ambiance had not held up to my previous visit. That is not to say the restaurant doesn't offer great service and a very classy dining experience but there was a certain flair to my first visit that lacked this time around. Things that remained true - the meal was perfectly timed. As we finished our appetizer, our salads arrived and moments after placing the last bite of my delicious salad, my entree was being delivered piping hot. The food, itself, was as fantastic as I remembered. We started with the calamari. It was certainly one of the better calamari orders I have had in recent years. I especially enjoyed the Cajun flavored dipping sauce. Next I had the Caesar salad. It was deliciously topped with seasoned croutons that had quite a bite! For my entree, I ordered the beef medallions. The beef was excellent itself but the addition of the mushroom cabernet was simply blissful. I also enjoyed every last bit of the bacon and scallion mashed potatoes. For dessert, I had the rum cheesecake. Despite being incredibly full by then, it was insanely hard to put down the fork. It was amazing. Things that I missed - while our server was very nice and tended to us well, there was just that little something extra the last visit that I missed this time. It is all in the small details. There was no request to hang my jacket, nobody pulled out my seat, and there wasn't that flair of communication from the server to leave us in salivating anticipation of our meal. Now, the absence of these things are not detrimental to our dinner. Our service was still stellar. It just is hard to be objective when the service blew you out of the water before. I went into the evening expecting the same and felt a slight tinge of disappointment.  Even on an off day, Kinzie is still a premiere chop house that has my affection. I look forward to a return.
