this place gets 5 stars because the owner, Doug, is a really really really really (did i say really?!) nice guy! one of those first impressions you get from a person that sticks with you for a long time. he made me a believer that there are still restaurateurs who do their gig because they absolutely love it and that it's not all about the money. :) stupid me didn't read basic info about this place and found out, while my friend and i were the 5th in line to be served that they only accepted cash. WHAT?! and they don't have an ATM! so my friend went outside to look for one, while i thought of what i'll be able to get with just $13. i figured i can get the foie gras dog that cost $9 (because that was what i came here for, and a regular chicago dog, grilled, and with everything on it for my friend for $1.75. never mind the drink, and never mind the fries (they didn't have the duck fat fries anyway because they only have those fri and sat). so it was my turn and gave him my order. he asked me what i wanted to drink and i said i didn't want any. he asked if i wanted fries and i said no. after which i asked, "where is the nearest atm?" and he pointed me to where it was (about a block or two down the street). then he asked, "is that why you didn't order drinks"? and i said, "yes." i told him i didn't know it was cash only and that my friend is on her way to get cash and that we'll just line up again. he said, "no no there's no more lining up, we'll just take care of it right now. he asked me if i had cash what drink i wanted and i said i wanted a coke. he said ok. he also asked me what kind of fries i wanted if i had cash. i said duck fat fries but since they don't serve it on mondays, i said cheese fries. he said ok. then he asked me how much cash i had. i told him "$13". he said, "alright then, your total is $13." AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!! i almost teared up! hahaha! he was just so nice! i told him i'm sorry and that i'm just visiting and we joked around for a bit. i called up my friend and she was amazed as well and was sooo relieved because the ATM was a bit far and it was about 85 degrees outside! i can never thank him enough! he really cares about his guests. so there. 5 stars. the foie gras dog was a good combo! i liked the touch of sel gris. the regular chicago dog was good as well. all in all, i can't say anything bad about this place. yes the lines are long. but you should already know that when planning to come here. so just be prepared. our line wasn't that long, maybe a good 30 minutes wait. so yeah. i can't wait til i visit Chicago again and try out everything else on the menu! and next time i'm bringing cash. :)
