Oooh Rick Bayless, you've done it again! I first found out about Xoco when I visited Frontera next door. I've been a HUGE FAN for Mexican food since I met my bf last year (he's Mexican, and an amaaaazing chef) and even though it's been less than a year, you know you are in good hands when your bf makes authentic Mexican dishes from his family recipes!  Needless to say, I am pretty picky and quick to judge when it comes to trying new Mexican restaurants. We went to Xoco on Friday night after hearing all the raves about their Churros. It was cold out and we were starving! We finally got to Xoco (around 6:45pm), and a line has already formed! A server came over and informed us that you can jump to the cashier to order if you were getting a Takeout, but the line was about 25min for dine-in. Not too bad, the server was friendly and told us we could get drinks while we wait in line too. 1st bonus: Xoco offers free water, classic or sparkling! I don't think I've ever seen FREE sparkling water on tap, ever! While we wait in line, we had a really hard time deciding what's the best torta or caldo to get. Playing around with a few choices: Torta Ahodaga, Pepito or Pibil from the woodburning over? Or Torta Milanesa from the grill? But the Shortrib Red Chile Soup & Pork Belly Vemicelli looks amazing too... Not to mention the dessert list: Churros + soft-serve is a must get, I know that already. But how about the Choco Flan, chocolate hazelnut cookie, or the buttery shortbread cookie?! In the end, we picked Torta Ahodaga and Torta Pepito, + churros con gelato & choco flan! According to my bf, Torta Ahodaga is a hard one to crack: the carnita meat has to be slowly roasted for the perfect, stringy texture without it been overly chewy/sloppy, and the spicy arbole chile sauce is hard to perfect! We figured that's a good choice to make-or-break Xoco on our list. 2nd Bonus: While we wait in line, it was really cool to see all the chalk-boards lined up listing different restaurants where Xoco gets their daily ingredients from. Now we know everything is organic and freshly gazed, I feel less guilty about having a huge meal! Finally, we got to the front of the line and were ready to order! I was impressed by the beer selection, they had an assortment of microbrewey beers like Three Floyds / Bells, and a Mexican Beer that my bf hasn't seen in the U.S. (6years & 5 cities!). The agua del dia was Pineapple,Mint & limon. I'd definitely be back just for their beverage pairing. Be careful though, when you are at the counter.. the dessert list grows with daily special on display!! Aah, now that we've been seated it's time to look around. The walls were painted maize & blue, with framed artistic photos capturing elements of life in Mexico, the loud salsa music overhead was a great addition too! It took ~10min for our food to be served, and oooooooh how that Torota Ahodaga hit the spot! The Torta Pepito was great, but it lacked the kick I expected from those pickled jalapenos. The choco flan was actually pretty good, but we were underwhelmed by the churros. The churros had way too much sugar coating with waaaay too little cinnamon! For authentic churros, you have to make a trip down to Pilsen & check out Nuevo Leon Bakery & La Baguette.  3rd Bonus: The chef's verdict is that the food are really authentic, especially with the spices used! For a moment, my bf actually felt like he was buying from the street vendors in Mexico city! The desserts were only 3stars though. To be fair, you should be prepared when coming to Xoco: long lines during lunch/dinner rush, amazing entrees but underwhelming desserts, and it will be 5-10min before you can get the server's attention. Given that Xoco is the "fast-food" version of Bayless' restaurants, the service is way more than what you should expect. Lastly, this is a pricy dinner running $15-$20 per person depending on what you order. You can definitely get equally great / better food for much less in Pilsen without the long line!
