A friend came to town and wanted to see some old speakeasies, and after seeing this place introduced on an HBO special, we figured that it would be a perfect place to go check out on a Wednesday night. We walked in and saw: yes! it's not busy! we'll get to talk to the bartender a little, walk around, look at the history, etc. We were horribly mistaken. The bartender immediately looked at us, a group of 5, as though we had just caused her night to turn immediately downhill and snarled that she needed to see our IDs, probably with the hope that we didn't have them. Unfortunately for her, all of us are legally of age to drink and had the IDs to prove it. As we were waiting for her to confirm that our IDs were legitimate, the guy who we assume to be the bouncer walked over, got in our faces, and told us that we had half an hour (it was 7:30) because there was an event going on and we'd either have to pay the cover or have a toy (it was a toys for tots event, I guess..) or get out by 8:00. There weren't any signs about this anywhere, but hey, it's the city, we're used to being informed about events going on at bars. We would've gladly paid the $6 cover, especially for a good cause, but we were told 3 more times in the next 5 minutes that we had to just get out or pay by 8 and whatever guitar event that was going to happen lost its appeal very quickly. After deciding which of the beers to have (what do they have? good question, it took some searching to actually find a beer list) we each ordered one, paid cash, and sat down at one of the MANY open tables. After being told several more times that we must be out by 8 or pay $6, we looked at the clocks, saw that it was now 7:40, drank our beer and left. I'm sure it's an awesome place, but when you're being forced out as soon as you enter, it loses all appeal and it doesn't matter how great the decor or history might be. 10 minutes in this bar was too much, and I hope that the guy featured on the HBO special can convince some of his staff to appreciate where they work and perhaps show them a little about customer service. We left and went to Green Door Tavern, where they were MUCH busier yet still willing to show us the old bar hidden downstairs.
