I live in Andersonville and I've passed this place numerous times while running errands. I decided to stop in for dinner several weeks ago (I think it was Oct 9th).  It was around 6:30 so the place was pretty empty fwhen I first arrived. The interior is laid out nicely and decorated quite tatstefully. The service is friendly. However, since there were only a few other occupied tables, I shouldn't have had to wait almost 10 minutes for a glass of wine.   For an appetizer, I was going to try the gumbo, but the waiter (a very personable guy, by the way) steered me away from it. He told that it just wasn't that good lately. So, I opted for the the crawfish fritters. Interesting is the only way I can describe this dish. The flavor was actually good, but the rice gave the whole thing a weird feel in my mouth. I'm used to any kind of seafood cake/fritter made with bread crumbs, not rice. I should have paid closer attention the the menu. The order comes with 3 decent (not huge) fritters. However, the chef is a bit stingy with the cayenne mayo, only squiting a thin, decorative squiggle on each one. I had to ask for extra just to taste it. My biggest complaint with the dish was the fact that it was lukewarm. I know this is a southern restaurant, but geez. Just reading the descriptions under the "Hearty Entrees" section of the menu gave me a tummy ache.  I opted for the pecan catfish, off the "Light Entree" section of the menu. The fish was lightly battered with cornmeal seasoned just right. It was then fried and topped with a delicious sauce with pecans in it. The mashed potatoes were bland and cold. No seasoning to them at all. Not even salt. The organic greens consisted of one leaf of a par-boiled, cold, tough unknown green (I think it was a collard green).  The only thing warm in this dish was the fish, which I actually had to let cool down before I could eat it.  Between the appezitzer, entree and 2 glasses of wine, my tab came to $48. A bit steep for what I thought was just mediocre food. I did mention to my waiter that he should let the chef know that he's serving up cold food. Since my fish was piping hot, I don't think it's a matter of the plates sitting, waiting to be picked up.  I can sum up my visit in one word. Overrated. I don't think I'll be giving Big Jones another visit.  I work hard for my money and once a restuarant let's me down, it doesn't get another chance.  I can't justify another visit with the huge choices Chicago has to offer.
