Damn this place has been busy! We sucked it up last week & stayed for the hour & half wait for a table. It was an easy wait though because we found a nice spot to sit by the fireplace and a waitress swung by for drink orders on a consistent basis. First off - the staff ... I've only been to Revolution twice so far, but I gotta say the bartenders, hosts, servers and runners have all been fun & attentive. As much as they were rockin' last Friday, our drinks, apps & meals came out at a great pace. The system they have in place & the staff rock! As many have mentioned the Bacon Fat Popcorn is a must when you visit. The pizzas are quite good ... thin crust with a decent crunch & an array of truly interesting topping combinations. The burger was freakin' awesome! I asked for med. rare & it showed up a hair closer to rare - which to me is allll good. The patty was nicely charred but the inside was tender juicey & very flavorful. Actually there's no need for any toppings at all the meat was so good. Now, the duck confit bruschetta & the muscles (in white ale w/ shallots) were both very tasty but the flavors were unbalanced. Meaning too many shallots in the mussel-stew "stepped on" the mussels and the cheese & mushrooms w/ the duck all blended into one rich flavor. The roasted cauliflower bruschetta was surprisingly good! Beer-wise ... The Pale Ale is light & sharp with a crisp clean finish while the IPA has a more body to it but not as much "oomph" as I was hoping for. The Eugene Porter has some nice roast coffee & subtle chocolate flavors goin on but the beer itself isn't as heavy as you might think. The Witt beer was fantastic! Very nice spicing with a hint of citrus sweetness. The "wow" beer for the night for me was the Cross of Gold. I wasn't expecting a closer to med. than light bodied beer with such character. Great balance of hops & malts, nice mouthfeel, smooth finish ... I'm glad I didn't skip it. The space is very attractive but also very loud on a busy night. I look forward to future visits to Revolution Brewing ... I suspect growlers of their Witt are going to be rather popular at my house this summer.
