This place is one of the best. An instant classic in Chicago. The first thing that jumps out at you is how damn dark it is. I'm a fan of dark restaurants. They discourage looky-loos, and keeps people focused on their own party; not leering at other customers plates or faces. This place has a happening atmosphere with a large loud crowd, yet makes you feel like you are dining privately. The bar is hopping, and the music they had took the piano bar theme up a notch by adding a singer, drums, and of course the obligatory piano. And they were playing good modern music! I love Sinatra as much as the next guy. But get me a big martini, a good steak and put some Sinatra on and I'll be asleep on the floor. Glad things could get kicked up a notch. I like the stuffy steakhouse as much as the next guy, but this is a good young crowd and makes you feel like you are in the NEXT generation of the steakhouse, in both clientele, service, and atmosphere. The food was great. The steaks are cooked PERFECTLY, and yes, as other people have noted, they cook these steaks how your ORDERED THEM. It's not their fault that people have been brainwashed to think that medium rare means anything other than a warm (stress on warm; not hot) pink center. And that rare means anything other than a cool pink center. And every temp above that means you just wasted your money. I hope to god they don't change a thing. On the food, I only have one small complaint: The sides could be executed slightly better. We had the Creamed Spinach, Double Baked Potato, Sauteed Mushrooms, and Mac n' Cheese. While all of these were pretty good, I don't think any of them really shined. The baked potato was too plain (not enough cream), the spinach was too bland (not enough cream), and the mac n' cheese was too globby (not enough cream). Luckily this is a minor default, and the sides are merely serviceable to the steak, which luckily is the star of the show. The service was extroardinary. We were seated immediately upon arrival for our 7:45 Saturday reservation...impressive in itself. I don't think this has ever happened to me. The staff is all dressed in white tie; which is a great nod to the classic steakhouses. They go all out for you and are happy to accomodate special requests. That's all I got. Great place. Go try it sometime.
