If you're mid-twenties to late thirties and want to get laid this is the place to go. The service is outstanding. Our waiter was a delight - he's been there for 8 years. The bus person we had has been there for 15 years - he's most definitely a second waiter even making recommendations and taking drink orders, loved that. The ambience is nice and romantic though exceedingly dark. As has been mentioned in other reviews, the place does have a strong oil smell, but I didn't find it terribly off-putting. The guitarist is much better than is required and an interesting guy - I'm a concert musician and introduced myself.  Non sequitur, do thank the musician(s) when you eat out. I put myself through graduate school playing lounges, and those that thanked me made my dismal time at the venue between school and Bach more enjoyable.  So why just three stars? It was my partner's birthday - he turned forty-five and I'm forty-one. A percussionist friend who has strong kung fu with the ladies (I'm gay but amazingly impressed by his powers) had long recommended the place. By chance, we received a groupon the day before we were to go - awesome, $60 off for $25. The food was ehh. We got the steak and lobster premium meals. The cheese course is just a basic mornay sauce made with gruyere. I make it all the time for mac and cheese (no, I'm not a fat ass). I'm quite familiar with the flavor and it was well done. If you haven't had a cheese sauce like it it's pretty delicious. The sauces for the main course (8 of them) were the best part of the meal; we particularly liked the Thai, spicy thousand islandish, and teriyaki sauces. You yourself cook the meats and veggies right there on the table. Can't bitch about the cooking cause you did it. It was fine. The dessert, as has been mentioned in other reviews, is just plan ol' chocolate syrup with some fruit, marshmellows and (dry) pound cake. While others who have reviewed refer to the chocolate syrup as nothing more than Hershey's, they are correct but I happen to like Hershey's (have some in the fridge now for emergencies - again, I'm not a fat ass). It's about a two hour meal and the total price was around a buck fifty. I'm fine paying a fair amount for a great meal, I'm a foodie and cooking is a hobby, but, for what we got, I'm glad we had the coupon.  Will we go there again? Nah. However, if you're in the target demographic, please bring protection. We've been together fourteen years, and I have it on demand. Just sayin'.
