The atmosphere is passable, usually. At any given time, there's some decent artwork for sale on the walls, and a good variety of showings. It can be loud at night, but during most of the day it is fairly empty and quiet, and the place looks surprisingly bright and cheerful, for somewhere as deep in a concrete canyon as it is. But the kindest word that can be honestly applied to the service is "uneven"; at times, I would use the word "psychotic". I still remember the server who was so angry that I'd ask for a spoon to stir my iced coffee with, that he threw it at me, the barrista who joked about the decapitation of a local in a freak elevator accident that morning ... a local who, by the way, had gotten decapitated while helping other people escape a stuck elevator when a power surge reportedly made the elevator unexpectedly lurch upward, tearing his head off - and then there was the manager who, at a time around 2 pm when this coffeehouse was almost completely empty, aside from me and my girlfriend, verbally abused my girlfriend over her decision to take a chessboard out of her purse and set up the pieces. "We don't like having people tying up the tables", at a time of day when the two of us were half of the clientele present, and even so, having great trouble getting served with anything but the glacial speed that the Third Coast offers many of us who don't look as prosperous as some of their better served clientele. Really, overall a staff so unlikable, on so many occasions, that I can't picture myself giving them another chance. Before I gave up on them, the food had gradually improved to a livable degree of mediocrity, but the iced coffee, once something special, with a clean, strong taste almost devoid of bitterness, had turned into something indistinguishable from the Starbucks product, and ounce for ounce, far more expensive. If one has memories connected with a place, those are a thing to be treasured, I suppose, but to anybody just passing through the area, I'd recommend they keep on passing when they come to 1260 N. Dearborn. It might be a pleasant experience, sometimes it is, but it's a pleasant neighborhood in general, aside from those bars to the south, and almost anywhere in the area will probably be a better choice.
