Chicago has always been famous for their hot dogs and Hot Doug's does it well. It's a staple in Chicago and an institution in the hot dog realm. Los Angeles has their Pink's, New York has Crif Dogs, and Chicago has Hot Doug's. Alligator, ostrich, duck... I heard about the wild flavors at Hot Doug's but never did I imagine they would have rattlesnake! I'm not so adventurous that I would order the rattlesnake on my own but my friend did along with the Foie Gras and Sauternes Duck Sausage with Truffle Aioli, Foie Gras Mousse and Fleur de Sel. Talk about rich, sinful, and out of this world snack food. The texture of the rattlesnake meat was very soft. Good thing it had the casing to keep it all together. The foie gras hot dog was heavy. I couldn't imagine one person eating it all by him/herself. It's best cut up and distributed amongst the table. The foie gras on top was shaped in coin slivers. The heat of the hot dog did begin to melt it and only then did the hot dog really come together. The Fleur de Sel helped bring out the flavors. These two hot dogs were not my favorite but in terms of something different and a bang for your buck, these were it. A high end restaurant could do these hot dogs and charge an arm and a leg for them. I had the brown ale chipotle buffalo sausage, bacon garlic mayo and carragaline farmhouse cheese dog. It was great. Lots of the hot dogs come with some sort of mustard infused sauce. I am not a mustard fan but the sauces are really good and I do like the variety of cheeses they use. They definitely don't skimp on their ingredients. For classics sake, we got a Dave Pound (corndog) and a Classic Chicago dog. What a deal. For about $2 you can indulge in what I call nostalgic bliss and a piece of Chicago. The Chicago dog comes with whichever toppings you want- tomatoes, pickles, mustard, etc. Good luck stuffing it in your mouth. We also got the weekend duck fat fries. I wasn't too impressed with them. They were just regular fries but one serving is plenty for four people. We actually got two fries. Too much but best believe we packed all that food away. Guilty pleasures! Hot Doug's is a fun stop in the suburbs of Chicago. The line is knee deep. We got there half an hour before they were open and were in the first batch but any later and you could be waiting 2 hours or so. The people come in droves. The jackalope head on the wall is kitschy and oh what a burn to celebrities their hot dog names are. Hot Doug's names their hot dogs after celebrities but once the 15 minutes of fame is up the dogs are renamed. Hot dogs may be referred to as "formerly Anna Kendrick" but Hot Doug's is forever. There is only one Hot Doug's.
