The thing that left the biggest impression here @ Purple Pig is the fact that they actually have QC for their dishes. We were here, eager to try the signature milk braised pork shoulder dish, but was informed about 30-45 mins into our meal that the chef has decided to pull the dish for the night after having had a few of them sent back for being too salty. I've never had a restaurant take this extreme step because it ultimately means lost product and revenue for them. But for a restaurant to actually recognize that something is wrong with their dish and just pull it altogether rather than risking unhappy customers, that takes a dedication to happy taste buds. Additionally they offered the replacement dish (whichever one we chose from the entree section) complimentary. That was great because we tried the pork blade steak, which we wouldn't have before, and it was actually pretty good. Other than that, the service is good. We also ordered the pork and ricotta smear, the chorizo stuffed fried olives, the bread balls, the fried pig ears, and the bone marrow smear. I have to say that after having noshed on a variety of bone marrow in the past, this one was probably the least impressive, so I wouldn't recommend that dish. It tasted more fatty than flavorful, and needed some additional layers of seasoning. The fried olives and bread balls were okay. The pork and ricotta smear were really good on the first few bites but then quickly became too rich and salty. The fried pig ears were fantastic though. When you have the right combination and proportion of fried pig ears, banana peppers, fried basil, and the lot, all the textures and the flavors complement each other perfectly. Considering the reasonable prices and the good portions, this is definitely one of the places I would go with friends and family or even in larger groups. Great place for get togethers. Note: If you're sensitive to being disturbed during your meal make sure to not sit at the long bar tables at the end of the bar on the patio. I had to move at least 4 times during my meal so that people could get in and come out of their seats that were situated in the middle of the tables.
