My friend and I had been scheduling and rescheduling dinner on each other for two weeks. What can I say, life gets in the way. We finally committed to a date and she suggested this place. I was too tired to do my usual restaurant ADD: "but what about here? or here? or maybe here?" so I just gave in and said sure. After all, I'm hardly ever in Greektown and perhaps I need to expand my horizons... And overall, I was glad I did. Walking in, the space was A-DOR-A-BLE. Big bar in the middle. Bakery and small shop off to the right. Tables in the front. Cute cute cute. We were given the option to sit wherever we wanted, so we chose to sit in the front window down the steps. I wished it had been warmer, because my friend said in the summer they have the doors completely open. I just imagined a warm summer breeze coming through the doors while I eyed hot greek men and sipped on wine... Oh, sorry, where was I? Ah, yes, Artopolis. The menu is a good variety of Greek and not so Greek food, which suited me just fine. I was craving Italian food (go figure), so the wood fired pizzas caught my eye... but ultimately I settled on the chicken riganatti and my friend ordered one of their sandwiches. Once ordered (oh, we'll come back to that), the food came out fairly quickly. Holy portion sizes, batman. We both had enough food on our plate to feed four, so bring your appetite. My chicken was juicy and mouth watering delicious. The side items left a bit to be desired, but mostly because everything got drowned in the sauce from the chicken. Was that a bad thing? Eh, no. But I would have preferred my potatoes and veggies a little less saturated. The service was PAINFULLY slow all night, and it wasn't that busy. We waited forever to be greeted and have our drink and food order taken. After we were done it took a while for our dishes to be cleared. And while we appreciated that we weren't rushed out and were able to talk for a while, it seemed nearly impossible for us to pay for our meal. We were finally able to ask for our check and our server continued to wander around. I finally made eye contact with him, I raised my eyebrows, he smiled - then seemed to realize he forgot about us and darted over to the register. Seriously. When I got up to use the restroom I walked past the uber tempting bakery cases. Somehow I found the willpower to keep walking and not buy anything. But oh, I was tempted. I don't even have a big sweet tooth and I found myself drooling over everything I laid eyes on. Must come back and get dessert. In addition to baked goods, they have merchandise for sale - including easter baskets. Fun. Total damage for two entrees and two glasses of wine - $37. Totally not bad. I love a good meal, good wine, and good company on the cheap. Despite the iffy service, I really enjoyed my evening here. I am looking forward to coming back, though I think I'll have to wait til summer so I can turn those warm-breeze-wine-sipping-greek-boy-eyeing daydreams into reality...
