I stayed here for two nights last winter due to an overnight layover with Amtrak. It was a unique building, that's for sure, like being inside a giant fish bowl. I was up pretty high, floor 19ish, with the floor to ceiling windows overlooking State Street. In fact, you can feel the vibration at times from the subway.  The room was posh and ultra-modern and had one of the oddest bathrooms I've ever seen, almost completely glassed in with a window in the shower looking out into the rest of the room, which means your traveling companions would have a birds eye view of the shower and pretty much anything taking place in the bathroom, it is not suitable for family members, college buddies, or anybody else you might be rooming with, and if one of em happens to be a perv they can peak through the shower curtain which will be on their side, not yours. Also keep in mind that if your in a room with the floor to ceiling windows, the condos across state street will also have full view of your showering activities and binoculars would not be necessary, it's close enough that you could almost have a conversation with someone if you knew sign language or could read lips. I was in a corner suite and the neighboring buildings on the other side were about a block away so at least I could have the shades open and not feel like I was giving somebody a show unless of course I forgot to pull the strange sliding closet door shut.  Someone else commented on noise in their review, I didn't make any myself, but I did hear a couple somewhere on my floor partaking in extracurricular activities, mid-afternoon mind you, and it sounded like they were trying to kill each other. I seriously thought somebody was in pain and thought about calling the front desk. I don't know if it was the all glass aspect of the place, but noise travels in this building so if this is what you intend to come to this place for, keep in mind you will be heard by everybody on the floor. I had to blast the heat because it was winter and had all that glass, and I suspect cooling the room would be an issue in the summer, but I was still very comfortable. The bed was fantastic, wifi worked like a charm, and the mini-bar came in handy, just be prepared to not have much room if you bring your own provisions, it was so packed in that one of the wine bottles fell out onto the hardwood floor, fortunately it didn't break. I used the steam room in the "spa", but was disappointed at the lack of a sauna, I never did see the fitness center and not sure there even was one. I did not use room service, the staff of the hotel was accomodating and professional, I found the desk clerks to be a little too stiff, but nothing terrible, I'm just used to Hilton and Hyatt and wanted to try out a boutique hotel for a change of pace. As a construction worker I felt pretty out of place, you would definitely feel at home if your a Rock Star or some other artsy fartsy type though. Bottom line, I think this sort of place is fine for honeymooners that can't stand to be apart for five minutes, hence the always visible toilet/shower. And it's probably ok for singles such as myself too, but families and groups or businesspeople trying to save money and doubling up, you're in for some awkward moments.
