In general, I am not a big fan of the south...and for me, the Mason-Dixon Line starts around Kankakee. However, I do like southern cooking; I've been to New Orleans one too many times; and Gone With The Wind is one rockin' movie. That said, if Ashley Wilkes "likes to see a girl with a healthy appetite", he would have LOVED me and Melanie S.....Watching us strap on our feed bags has got to be more hot than marrying your cousin. Silly rich plantation boy.... We were both quite early for our reservation and luckily, we were still seated immediately. Our host was also our waiter....or, maybe our waiter was also our host. Who knows. Anyway, we both went to Big Jones with no thoughts of anything but fried chicken, which is only available at lunchtime...in my opinion, it's too much food for lunch (and that says a lot, coming from me) but we're fans of leftovers, so yay. Unfortunately, the food, although plentiful, is where things took a downturn....our big honkin' platter of chicken arrived, and....the breasts were raw in the middle. Not pink...RAW. We sent them back to be cooked. The rest of the pieces were cooked through, but let's face it - the breast is the best piece, and cutting into raw chicken is not appetizing. The sides - collard greens, mashed potatoes, and beans/rice - were good, esp. the mashed potatoes. The fried chicken lunch also comes with cornbread muffins, biscuits, and dessert. It was a good while before the muffins came out, but they were tasty. Apparently, there was some problem with the biscuits....we didn't ask what the issue was...but it must have been a major disaster because our biscuits finally made it to our table....after dessert (which I thought was supposed to be sweet potato pie...we got bread pudding). Our host/waiter apologized, and took our beverages off our tab....but this was quite the clusterfuck. However...I really, really got the vibe that it was a bad day. There can't possibly be this much confusion in this place all the time. Since it was my first visit, we did get an apology, AND the food was good (once it made it to the table, and it was cooked), I'm generously giving 3 stars, and I'll give Big Jones another shot sometime. After all, tomorrow is another day. (cue Tara's Theme)
