I had never really heard of Korean Barbecue before we came here, but I had a great meal. I came here last weekend with several friends and we had a great time. I want to say that if I could give service a separate review, I'd give the servers here five (even six!) stars. One friend and I arrived early and we weren't able to be seated until our entire group of seven arrived. We were a little wary at the fact that there is no hostess stand - you just kind of wait around near the door until someone notices you. The owner (perhaps?) saw us, asked us how many and let us know that we'd have to wait until our entire party arrived. She promptly left and then I was afraid she'd totally forget about us. Wrong! She came back several times during the 25 or so minutes I waited for my friends and made sure they weren't here yet. When they arrived, we were seated quickly and the owner even joked around with us about how our friends must have gotten lost because it took so long. I liked her friendliness - it was refreshing. We were not able to sit at a low table (I was kind of disappointed) but we were very comfortable where we were. A few of us decided to get the OB Beer ($6 for a big bottle - good deal) since it's the only Korean beer on their menu and it tasted like Miller Lite. I figured OB would have been owned by South African Brewing but it turns out they're owned by InBev. Guess that's why it tastes like generic American light beer. It was good for the price, though, so good times. We ordered the seafood pancakes as an appetizer at the recommendation of a friend and they were pretty good. I'm not a seafood pancake fan (it literally is just a pancake of tons of seafood smashed together) but it was good for what it was. I'd try the fried dumplings next time.  We ordered a variety of meats (beef ribs, pork, beef strips and something else steak-related) and everything was pretty delicious. The meats that we ordered were all marinated (I recommend the marinated meats) so they were pretty tasty. A couple of people were in charge of the grilling so it was nice to not have to worry about it. When the meats arrived, tons of little side dishes came out to eat alone or pair with the meat. I was a little disappointed that one side of the table got completely different side dishes than our side and it was hard (and confusing) to share. It was also confusing that none of the dishes had labels so it was hard to know what you were getting (even though everything was delicious). I was also disappointed with the lack of dipping sauces for the meats. One person and I commented on how great it would be to have a little thing of teriyaki sauce or something and there was nothing. Also as a note: don't order the beef ribs. It's the same price as the rest of the meats but it's only two measley beef ribs that actually come as part of your order. It definitely wasn't enough meat for that price and beef ribs often have tons of fat on them (which these did) so it wasn't a good deal.  Some other things I thought were helpful: they take multiple credit cards per table. Our bill worked out nicely to be $24/person (with tip) so they took five different credit cards and put $20 on each - nice! There is a parking lot but it's TINY. I don't know when anyone is actually able to park here, so presume you'll find parking on Berwyn. Also, they take reservations, but I only think they're for large groups (like over 10 or 15). We called and we were told that seven wasn't enough but there were groups of 15 or 20 there, so I assume they'll make reservations for you in that case. All in all, definitely a great meal. I recommend going with a group and ordering several types of meats and just sharing everything. This kind of dinner is great for a group because it doesn't take long to be seated here (even if you have a ton of people) and you sit for a long time which provides a lot of opportunity for good conversation and fun. Oh, and it's open 24 hours a day - what more could you ask for? I need to try this place after a night of bar hopping. I can only imagine it's amazing.
