How could you pass up a place called The Purple Pig when the phrase to describe the food is "Cheese, Wine, and Swine" and not stop in?!?! We started with a Pinot Grigio for our luncheon on our first day in Chicago as a mini vacation prior to a wedding this weekend. Wine list was very nice and they were fairly priced (I am used to NYC where you really have to search for the deals). To start we had the charred cauliflower with toasted breadcrumbs, cornichones (really?!?!) and parsley. To my surprise the briny little pickle slices added a pleasant twang to the flavor. We love roasting cauliflower at home so this was a must for us to try. We also love beets and goat cheese but missed out to order it. I must have missed it because I was busy trying to convince myself to try the Lingua Agradolce (cured tongue slices). We have never tried tongue so this would be a first step in broadening my palate. Our cured meat plate included Coppa - both made in house. They were both delicious, I only wished we had more slices of them to enjoy. Our next two plates were the "Chicken Thigh kebabs with Fried Smashed Potatoes and Tzatziki", and "Jamon Serrano w/Oyster Mushrooms & Fried Duck Egg over Grilled Bread". The chicken thighs were cooked to perfection. They had a small piece of crispy skin on each piece which I didn't expect. Tzatziki goes with anything so it paired nicely. The Jamon and Mushroom were good and even better for me because my wife does eat eggs which allowed me to enjoy an entire duck egg with my half of the sandwich. We ended the meal with an assortment of five cheeses which I paired with a bottle of cider beer... Great choice with the cheese by the way. All the cheese was awesome. Also, for this thirty something year old the music was fantastic. Our service was great (especially our server, Jill) and they made sure to get us a table with room for a baby stroller. I will always remember eating here with my cousin and her daughter - my first meal with my closest cousin as a mother.
