It's great to have a place to go to that has really great food that is reasonably priced and really well prepared (yes, the talent in the kitchen does make a difference).The place is interesting, casual, relaxing, pretty. You can tell by the freshness that the product they use is high quality. The first time I walked into Gilt Bar, I settled in and wanted to stay forever, The sofas, the lighting, the music (really interesting but not so loud you can't talk to each other), the cocktails (my favorite right now is Death's Door Daisy), the beers, (I love the Belgium one, the duchess de bourgogne), and the food (the next thing I try seems to be my favorite).When we finally left, it was only to come back. I've been there three times already and have read some of the reviews and wanted to share my experience. The first time I went with my husband and sat near the front. Everything was so fresh tasting. The scallops were the best I've ever tasted, as was the bone marrow with the red onion jam (they look amazing, some are almost a foot long). I've eaten at some very sophisticated, and expensive, restaurants and this kitchen, with its discipline, experience, and passion, really knows what it's doing - you can watch them from the back bar area. It just doesn't make a big deal about it. The second time there, we had drinks and French fries with one group in the raised lounge area, then five of us went down and sat at the farm table and ordered a bunch of things that we all tried (there are share plates and the portions are generous -- the meat balls, the raw vegetable salad that looks like flowers, the mushroom/truffle pasta, the tender tender pot roast, the cauliflower, the swordfish, the steamed clams, and the great ricotta gnocchi. Our third time, three of us had dinner, sitting under the starburst light and after we finished our homemade (yes it does make a difference) ice cream and hot fudge sauce, we ended up at one of the sofas with after dinner drinks and watched someone at one of the tables be surprised by Gilt Bar's corkage fee - which is that you pour a glass of your wine and give it to an adjacent table.  Everyone working there, it's a real community, you can feel it.  I don't know how they did it, but it feels like they've been there forever and it's only been a few weeks. This is a great find.
