So how'd I go from 5 stars to 2...?? Well, the last time I came.. I came with a mission: to prove to my mom that there was a good place for breakfast in the City. And up to that day, I had been a regular at Meli. One week, I had been here three days in a row. I made a habit of grabbing lunch here and coming on the weekends with my husband/friends. But... it's not like anyone at Meli noticed since I was treated like trash on my last visit. My mom was running a little late but there's always a long wait time so it didn't matter. My husband went ahead of me to put our name on the list while I waited for my mother. Once we were there, I had to apologize to my mom about the wait and the crowd.. things like 'it's always like this' and 'the food is worth it' were coming out of my mouth. She seemed okay at first, she noticed there were a lot of couples there and we were a party of 5.. so she understood that a small place like this would take a while to seat us. Then an obnoxious group of 6 in their early 20's came in and made the wait unbearable. They were loud and I got the impression they had been partying since the night before. So.. our 35 minute wait had come up and we were still waiting. I went up to see how much longer it'd be and they said another 15 minutes. So I sat back down and we watched as a group of 14 was called. Only 6 people were there, the party was incomplete and although they claim to NOT sit incomplete parties (Oh yes, they've forced me to wait again while my husband was trying to find parking once and we were an incomplete party).... they sat the 6 and we watched as it took another 20 minutes for the entire party to come in. I was livid, felt a little betrayed by their obvious exception here. Then when I noticed it had already been an hour wait, I got up and asked again what was going on, they said we were 5 and they just couldn't sit us anywhere yet since most tables are for 2 or 4... but they'd sit us ASAP. Another 5 minutes went by and I saw all the employees running around to a clear 3 2-seat tables and I saw them put them together.. I thought FINALLY! OUR TABLE!! But I can't even begin to tell you how mad I was that it went to the obnoxious 6-people group that had come in at least 20 minutes after us. And I am forgetting to mention that EVERY single group/person that was waiting for a table had already been seated. We were the absolute last people waiting for a table. All the groups of 4 had been seated at a table for 4, etc.. and we were not because we were 5, as explained previously by the manager. SO I was ready to leave, I had wasted over an hour and I just didn't want to deal with this bs anymore. I felt like they had been racist.. how a group of Mexicans weren't seated but everyone else had (all whites) and this is just how I normally assume situations like this. I mean, there's a reason we're not worthy.. and I can't imagine what else it could be. My mother calms me down, tells me it can't be that much longer and we already invested enough time. The manager probably overheard me and finally sits us..... AT A TABLE FOR FOUR! They could have done that when we first got there and a table of four was ready.. but no, they sat at least a dozen groups of 4 and made us wait. And to top it off, the waitress was such a [curse word here]. It seemed like it bothered her that she had to take our order. When my sister and brother asked for drinks, it's as if they asked her to donate her kidneys to them. And she tried to force a plate in front of me while I was on a call and I asked for it to be placed at the end of the table.. and what does she do? She shoved it in front of me and got chocolate on my arm. I grabbed the plate and threw it to the end of the table. Since she obviously doesn't understand English, I wanted to SHOW her what I meant. This was, by far, the worst experience at Meli I ever had... I felt sooo embarrassed bringing my mom here and having to see all this. I can never look at them the same. I have not gone back for anything and have no real desire to anymore. Regardless of the fact that we love their food, we were treated so wrong and I just can't imagine giving them any more of my patronage. I wanted to give them a 3 but just couldn't do it. A 2 is better.. if you do not care about being disrespected while dining, and you focus just on the food itself.. you'll love Meli.
