My wife and I are diners that have experienced great restaurants in many parts of the world. This is my first review of any restaurant... I felt compelled to write because it is rare for me to feel so ripped off. After watching a piece on Nightline about the chef on 7/15 I sat down and made a rez on Open Table for Fri night (7/16) without reading any reviews. I expected an expensive meal, but my philosophy is that any individual that has special talent, whether a chef or a dentist, has the right to charge premium prices for their personal labor. We decided on the 5 course pre fixe( if the price was marked on the menu, we didn't see it or care) to sample. We were concerned about too much food but the server assured us that she never had a complaint from anyone feeling "stuffed" after. That was an understatement! First, he popcorn tasted stale. Then the caesar was a disappointment. The pea bisque that followed was excellent and an adequate portion. The halibut was excellent quality but was the size of 3 postage stamps. The first pieces of Waygu beef mere melt in the mouth, but most were chewy. The strawberry shortcake was a joke with 3-4 slices of strawberry that would not account for one large strawberry. All of the presentations were very artful, befitting the district where the restaurant is located. However, like some of the art in the nearby galleries, this restaurant experience would be best for those who don't mind buying the sizzle at a high price. My guess is that many who give this 5 stars would give the same to the "Emperors New Clothes". We went expecting a "Fifteen" experience from an eccentric chef and were disappointed by the food and the $240 tab that included one glass of so-so cabernet and a 20% tip. (The service was good but I got the feeling I was being "sold" ala Mortons... when I explained that I didn't drink and was fine with ice tea, I was encouraged to try a "peach non-alcoholic drink". I passed but reflected on that later as at least a $10 add to the tab)
