I've been here twice for dinner over the past 7 years and both times I left feeling like I had an adequate meal, but nothing special. Most recently, I came here with four other people for dinner on a Friday night. As expected, we had to wait over two hours for a table. If I have to wait that long to get a meal somewhere, I expect the meal to be better than average. Sadly, that really wasn't the case. We were seated at a good table inside--out of the main foot traffic area and not crammed up against other people. We had the bacon guacamole for an appetizer, which was superb. My only complaint about this was that the serving is pretty small. We had to order two for our table and we plowed through them both in about 5 minutes. When the main courses were delivered to our table, mine was missing. The waitress came over and said, "I heard something was missing. What is it?" I told her and then she ran off, presumably to the kitchen. Time went on and some other woman arrived (a manager I guess) who explained that the waitress had forgotten to put the order in, but that she's not normally that forgetful. My meal arrived shortly thereafter, but the waitress never actually apologized and there was no compensation for the mistake either. Mistakes happen, but honestly, for a restaurant of this caliber, they really should have handled this mishap better. To top it off, my main course of chicken breast with green mole of poblanos, pumpkin seeds, squash blossoms, chayote & cream was kind of subpar. The mole was not that great and the herb-infused green corn torta that came with the meal had a very bizarre flavor. The chicken was good, however. The size of the meal was also pretty small. Some of the other entrees at our table were much larger. I skipped dessert but other people at our table had the strawberry shortcake and the chocolate pecan pie. I had a bite of the pie and it was delicious. Another negative was the bathroom. The women's room has two stalls and one sink, which is ridiculously tiny given the size of this place and the number of people hanging out at the bar. It was not particularly late in the evening when I went in there, but the bathroom was pretty trashed. There were paper towels strewn all over the place and there were none left to use. Again, for a restaurant of this caliber, they should be a bit more on top of things like this. In short, the food is ok, but this place does not live up to the hype and I would not wait two hours to eat here again.
