I wanted patio brunching on a lovely Sunday, so we parked the car in Andersonville and surveyed our options. Acre? I'm still mournful about Charlie's Ale House and it's underachieving but reliable pub fare. Hamburger Mary's? No. Kopi? Not in a 90s grunge mood today. We decided to head into Big Jones, because we'd passed it several times and it looked interesting. A glance at the meat-heavy menu posted in the window gave my veggie-wife pause, but she decided that she could probably find something to eat. We asked about patio seating and the hostess graciously went out to check availability and came back with an estimate of 15 minutes. We bellied up to the bar for a cocktail while we waited. I enjoyed a delightfully spicy bloody mary (with the best damn pickle I've had in awhile) while my companion had a popsicle-like daquiri that the bartender whipped up when she said "I'm feeling something fruity and spritzy." Not 10 minutes had gone by when we were ushered back to the patio. The trek to the patio begins pleasantly as you wind your way through the tastefully decorated main dining room and the pleasant back room, and then takes a turn for the slightly less enjoyable as you go past the bathroom and hot kitchen. The patio itself is not the most impressive one I've seen in the city, but is pleasant enough, if small. Our server was a bit of an airhead, forgetting part of our order along with another diner's order, but he was friendly. After we put our order in he brought out a plate of beignets, which were only so-so. I ordered the Creole ham and eggs, which includes thick slices of ham on top of their homemade (with lard!) biscuits, topped with poached eggs. I'm something of an egg snob, and I appreciate the deep goldenrod color of a quality, farm-fresh, pastured egg yolk. I oohed and awwwed over the yellow hue as the yolk oozed down. The potatoes o'brien (hash browns) were also delightfully crispy. My ladywife had the hominy and egg scramble (without spicy tomato sauce; girl hates her some flavor). She was delighted. We got an order of popovers on the side, because who can resist popovers? They arrived super-hot accompanied by honey butter. All of their ingredients are sustainably grown, with as much as possible coming from local sources. We checked out the dinner menu online (their menus change seasonally, btw), and didn't find many options for my wife's veggie-loving-ways, so minus half a star for that plus half-a-star for our airhead (but nice!) server. Big Jones will definitely be in our regular brunch rotation, though.
