Its been a couple months since meeting them recently that I developed a Love Jones for Big Jones. Saw a couple reviews by friends on Yelp, passed by the lovely spot and decided to try them for our usual Sunday Brunch group. We were all excited, a group of seven and we dined outside on the so called patio. It's a small patio so a group of our size and a boisterous bunch at that, got a lot of stares and gawking looks. The outside patio is a few tabletops for twos mostly and less than twenty can sit out there. Needless to say, it's cozy and everyone is a part of your conversation. Just for the sake of mention, on the first visit out there between the hostess and our waitress, there was an air of "stuck uppity" which we found disconcerting. Like I said a boisterous bunch, after a few mimosas we didn't care much. Brunch menu was exciting and though we hit them pretty late that Sunday we still got to score a few beignets! The chef prepares some badass beignets here. Note; regardless of the time you visit, if the chef feels like they have the time he / she will send them to your table gratis. Please don't waste the gesture.  During our brunch we sampled many dishes and our group is a sharing bunch, so we enjoyed the food thoroughly. For starters I ordered some griddle cakes. Imagine thin crepes with honey butter and black fruit preserves. The perfect anytime dish. Anytime like; imagine you met an Okcupid date here. You knew going in, it was going to be bad but because (smartly) you chose the venue to be here, you turned an otherwise bad date into a tasty one. Or at least I did. Joining their bourbon club was another great idea. Joining was free and gets you a free pour of their monthly selection any time you stop in for a meal.  So far I've enjoyed my experiences dining and stopping in for bourbon pours. Entertaining a date or a group of friends it's been good. I've seen some reviews on Yelp by parents and their reviews are mixed. In my experience so far, it's an adult friendly place but child friendly, I think there could be an accident waiting to happen.
