Former Chicago resident and long time advocate of Mr. Bayless. In fact, he actually inspired me to write an entire film about Mexico and it's food. Problem #1 - Our party of 4 - early on a Wednesday evening - was told we'd have an 1 - 1.5 hour wait. WHAT? We were prepared for that possibility. However, given the fact that the dining room had empty tables and the bar was nearly barren, the prescribed wait seemed odd. We ordered drinks at the bar. Sat down. And not 2 sips in were told our table was ready. A fluke you say - well, the same thing happened 2 nights later. On a Friday. I've experienced similar bait and switch hosting in NYC - where I've lived for 10 years now - but at Frontera? A restaurant in Chicago inspired by Mexican peasant food? Owned by such a down to earth chef? Yes. Problem #1. Problem #2 - Frontera, while interesting and well priced ten years ago, is now feeling outdated and extremely over priced. $18 for 3 tacos you'd pay $5 for in the place that inspired them? I'm not stupid. I know it costs much more to run a restaurant in the states - and to do so with quality, sustainable ingredients... but Frontera is literally pushing the Frontier on price. In a bad way. Problem #3 - The decor is looking really dated. The upholstery (probably an economical choice in it's day) holds loads of food debris. The fabrics are starting to look like old-school Cirque-du-Soliel. The paint job is no different than the dozens of cheaper Mexican options in the city. Problem #4 - The food. It's just... OK. No, the food is good. But it no longer takes me beyond what I expect from "authentic" Mexican food restaurants the way Frontera did 10 years ago. We're now basically getting a sampling of the same dishes we'd get in Mexico - but paying 4 or 5 times what we'd pay below the Frontera. Inspiration has died. There are dozens of dishes I've had in Mexico just in the last year that would seem to be ripe for a Bayless translation - yet the menu has the same basic dishes and flavors it started with. OK - I'm well aware of all the other reviews here noting Frontera (and / or Topolobompo - because clearly some of these reviews are meant for it although the reviewers had trouble distinguishing the difference) as a unique environment with interesting decor, menu, service... And to be truthful - this same decor, menu and service was interesting, trailblazing, in fact, in it's day. But the reality is that every major city in America has a high end, "authentic" Mexican restaurant nowadays. Many of them, no doubt, inspired by Mr. Bayless and Frontera. Frontera - now - is really only resting on it's reputation and on the fact that a new crowd is gathering based on it's chef / owner's more recent media successes. I enjoy visiting - in the same way I enjoy visiting the pizza place I thought was awesome as a 5th grader. For the novelty. They do a great job. They care. They really want you to have a good meal. And spend a lot of money. But somewhere along the way, the spark that made Frontera / Bayless something unique in the restaurant world has been lost. To time. To fame. To the bottom line. To somewhere. Not sure. I'll be back. But I'll no longer think of it as a destination worthy of a special trip.
