It's taken me almost 5 years of living in the city to finally try ANY restaurant in Greektown. And having spent a good amount of time in Greece and really loving most Greek food, I knew my first trip needed to be a good one. So I got the specific recommendation from a Greek coworker for this place and it's been mentally bookmarked ever since. Last weekend, on a whim, the boyfriend and I were looking for a super late but quick lunch. Why not FINALLY go to Greektown!? Done and done.  This place definitely has that sort of forced old world look, but it doesn't feel chintzy or cheesy. The service is fast, and it should be because there were about 47 waiters flitting about the place at 2:30pm. Question: Why no women wait staff? And while I appreciated the attention, perhaps I didn't need my water glass filled up after every sip. But, not really a big deal.  Anyway, the boyfriend knew from the get-go that he was having a damned gyro. No need for him to look at the menu. But since I've been avoiding gluten lately, I needed to inspect the menu a little more. A quick review let me to think that I should probably go the route of some small appetizers as opposed to the much bigger looking meals, since, you know, we would probably be eating dinner in a few hours anyway.  I love saganaki, but I'm usually hesitant to order it in the states because the whole "OPA" business is just not authentic, and I generally hate that they do that. But the boyfriend had never tried it and I knew he would love it. Ordered it, waiter brings it, lights it, but only casually says, "Opa". Nice and subtle. Awesome and delicious. (BTW, I'm aware this little bit of info makes me sound like a pretentious douche, my sincere apologies, I'm really very nice.) Then the rest of my meal is made up of the big hot lima beans (I know you think you don't like lima beans, but you haven't had them until you've tried them Greek style in tomato sauce, I promise), cold beets with garlic sauce (to be avoided on a first date, but YUM!) and shrimp with tomatoes and feta (drool).  Between the gyro that the boyfriend ordered and what I thought were small appetizers, we had dinner for the evening as well. I took home at least half of what I ordered.   I'll be back.
