I came here with a large group of people for a dinner. We were seated by the back bar (this place is HUGE). We had to wait a little for our table for what seemed like no reason (no one else was waiting, it was 6:30pm) which was kind of off-putting, but our waitress was speedily right at our table after we were seated. The drink reviews in our group were mostly rave. Most of us got mojitos (the coconut mojito was the clear winner) and I got a Alegria (I'm a sucker for anything ginger flavored) and it was quite delicious. My bf got one of the drink specials (farmer's market punch) and it was pretty bland. But he seemed to be picking only the dud drinks, as his second drink (the Paloma) was also bad, it just tasted like straight-up alcohol. We started out with a large guacamole for the table. Here is where I kinda started to not like the service. We asked our waitress if we should order a large or a small and she told us that a large is only enough for four people (we had 7). We decided to just go ahead and order one large for all of us. So yeah. It came, and it was HUGE. Like, way more than enough for all of us. Stop trying to make more money (a large guac is $15). I will say the guacamole was really tasty. But if we had two orders, none of us would've been able to eat any entrees. Instead of ordering a full entree, I decided to go with an appetizer and a 3-ceviche tasting, since the ceviches looked so good. I'll agree with other reviewers that the ceviches weren't really ceviches, they're more like sashimi appetizer, but they were pretty awesome. And honestly, yes, they're kind of expensive, but it's quality fish, and if it was billed as sashimi people would probably pay the price without any complaints. The appetizer I got was the Ropa Vieja, which I thought was awesome and the size was huge. My bf got the Bife Angosto, which was alright. I loved the steak itself, but I think the credit for that goes more towards the organic grass-fed quality, although the steak was cooked pretty well. The side of a potato, chorizo, and cheese casserole was meh, I mean anything with chorizo and cheese tastes good but it wasn't anything special. I had little tastes of the pork adobo, which was good but tasted a little dry, the salmon special which was good and very well-cooked, and the arepa appetizer, which was very tasty. In all, it was a decent meal, but it was very expensive for what it was and nothing all that special. I will say what seems to be my standard complaint with high-end Latin/Mexican restaurants in Chicago - if you're going to spend this kind of money, you might as well go to Frontera or Topolobamplo.
