5-stars from a FORMER vegetarian. yes i was a vegetarian until i was 21 years old. a vegetarian that didnt eat potatoes either. not because my parents forbade it - quite the opposite being from a family of 2nd generation italian-irish aka meat worshippers. and not because of my fond love for animals - you'd prolly consider me crazy after i readily admit i was just as abhorred that humans killed plants and dreamed as a kid to one day create food that didn't squash life from anything. but it took 21 years for my palette to mature, say. my oldest memory of meat was way before i even hit an age of double digits. and then i moved to Chicago, a city made up of meat. you can get bacon on top of anything, even cupcakes. where dinner china is made up of animal bones. many citizens are as burly as buffalo. the sports teams, aside from one baseball team i am not even a fan of, have animal mascots - or animal hunter mascots. well anyways there's alot of principle detail involved with my switch but let me at least tell you that after coming to fogo de chao near the end of my switch year i had a life epiphany. that meat is like ambrosia and the fields of spinach i have eaten all the years prior is meant for the animals... or as an appetizer or salad or garnish even. i learned you can make an entire meal of just a slab, or few, of meat. and here they bring it to you hot on a skewer in chunky bite size masses, sometimes wrapped in bacon, at the mere sight of a green calling card. now there is an art as to how to eat here. i came here for the first time and the veggie-lover in me made rounds at the salad bar and filled up mainly on salad and the unlimited side plates circulating (salad bar is amazing my vegetarian friends) - but when i finally dismissed my meat shyness and sampled the meat i felt like i was wasting all that time, and all those years of my life eating like a cow, instead of a cow. i have since gone over half a decade making up for the meatless years and have frequented fogo de chao at minimum once a changing season. seasoned i am now, and i can personally vouch you must come here after a morning/afternoon fast. eat a normal meal the night before and save the room in your tummy for dinner, and then eat LIGHT, VERY LIGHT and late breakfast - that is if you arent made as burly as a buffalo. otherwise you will need to retire the rest of the night in stretchy pajamas watching a tv-show marathon as you veg out on your couch. fogo is a special place, both romantic and gregarious so come with your loved one, your family, or a half-dozen of your friends... but also come with your piggy bank for dinner: $50 for all you can eat meat and salad bar, $25 salad bar only. kids free under 5 years old. kids 6-10 half price. fair i say for superior food and service. and if you have the spare change they have the best seasonal pumpkin spice martini EVER as well as they have brilliantly paired many meals with great wine (one of which was Argentinian Tikal, but i forget which blend).
