So after checking Lockdown's website, myself and a few friends made our way over to Lockdown last week to see AC/DC and Maiden in action at Chicago's first "virtual venue"...Let me preface, I've been to dozens of Rock/Metal concerts from Metallica/Maiden to Atreyu/Slayer/In Flames. I know what I like and I like what I know. I've been to several Rock bars in Chicago as well as outside, and there is a certain "asthetic" or stereotype that follows almost every Rock bar I've been to...Namely, places with "character" (see: dingy) with bad attitudes and good cold beer. That's the way it is and like it or leave it, that's how it's gonna be... So we walk in and see the walls lined with HDTV's literally every direction and Angus Young is ripping a solo and Brian Johnson (god bless him and his ability to light up a smoke during sets and guitar solos) is workin the crowd. Cool. Bouncer asks how we're doin and hostess (cute, cool attitude) seats us at a table in the upper cage area near the back right away. WTF, why aren't the workers acting pissy at us?? They were actually...nice. Hmmm. The place is full, but not uncomfortable. Young cool waitress comes up introduces herself (Ashley I think) and takes our order...with a smile...as if she...(Gasp)...is actually enjoying herself?!? We all order Burgers, they have specialty ones, but I just went with a cheeseburger plain with fries and a Rogue Dead Guy Ale (solid beer selection, as a place like this better have). Beer comes quick and in a frozen glass jar thingy...cool, unique, but not sure if I can get used to it. Second Rogue Dead Guy comes, I get used to it. The reccommended appetizer Prison Shanks come, I believe they were like beef tenderloins and we are all satisfied, would recommend easily...reminded me of these awesome ones I used to get up on the northside at a Thai joint. Music is loud at first, after a few beers it seems just right...You be the judge but as the saying goes "If it's too loud, you're too old". Maiden comes on, and apparently so does the fog and lasers in the place, pretty funny/unexpected the lasers/fog may have lingered too long as it might be better just for effect on a few songs here and there, but whatever. I can dig the uniqueness of it. Service is on point which is nice to see these days as that can easily slip. Ashley was very attentive and excited and genuinely helped add to the cool/non-ego vibe in the place. Who said a metal/rock bar has to have bad attitudes? This one actually doesn't...the other servers seemed like they had a good flow going with their tables and the bartenders pumped out drinks fast. Burgers come and they're definitely not average bar fare. My burger was big...like, real big...like I only finished half along with the ridiculous pile of fries on my plate...for $9. I can say this is easily top five burgers in the city I've had...for the price, there might not be a better value. Variety of people in here as well, will be interesting to see how those who only want to hang with others of their "rock caliber" deal with this. Personally part of the potential fun of this place is the same as if you were at a live concert...for the time you're there all that matters is the music and the vibe...I've met people at concerts that I might not necessarily interact with outside, but that's the beauty of live music...it has the ability to transcend complete strangers into new friends...We ended up talking Maiden to the table next to us, like we would at a concert and everyone drank up to Maiden's "Sign of the Cross" (Best song potentially ever...I'd say!!!!!!) Although I still think there's some minor tweaking to be done (more food on menu/mix in some more brews (i.e. Allagash) and some ciders (for when my gf comes) but the "feel" is cool, small cozy, comfortable but gets its point across all with cool staff and really excellent service (maybe best part of Lockdown). Lockdown welcomes all and you wouldn't feel uncomfortable walking in like you would at some other rock places. Food is definitely solid, above average (my buddy loved the mac n cheese also). Prices are definitely reasonable, especially compared to other Division st bars. All in all, I'll be stopping back when I need my Rock fix and a really solid burger. Rock on Lockdown!
