We went to Geja's Caf (pronounced Gay-Ha's) for my girlfriend's 25th birthday. I had a $25 http://Restaurant.com gift certificate (actually I bought four thinking that the bill would be around $100 until I realized you can only use one at a time, d'oh!). First things first - they have valet for a reason. It is impossible to park over there even on a Wednesday night. We eventually did find some meters along Clark St which wasn't too far away. Beware the LAZ parking meter rates though (25 cents for 15 min until 9pm). The building that Geja's is in is shared by another restaurant. Just remember to go down the set of stairs rather than up them. When we entered, the place seemed a bit cramp. The Maitre'D recommended we hang out at the bar which we did. The bar was small but had assorted crackers and a bowl of this delectable cheese spread which was delicious. We were seated shortly after at a booth. This gave us time to check out the atmosphere. Although the place seems cramp, it seems that it was part of the master plan. Everything about the place invokes intimacy. From the Spanish and Moorish dcor, subtle lighting (maybe too subtle, more on that later) and Flamenco guitar (live on some nights) playing in the background, romantically challenged guys could breathe a sigh of relief. It was definitely more romantic than the only other fondue place I've been to (Melting Pot). Our waiter was Ramiro - who every waiter should model themselves after. I would say his charm and inviting demeanor made half of the evening. I ordered Prince Geja's Combination - beef tenderloin, lobster tail, jumbo shrimp, sea scallops and chicken breast. My girlfriend ordered the International - the same as Prince Geja's but without the lobster and scallops. The first course of our meal was a cheese fondue dip that was a mixture of cheese and white wine - it basically tasted like a much better beer cheese. On the side was a plate of grapes, apples and white and dark bread. Who knew fruit and cheese went together!? Everything went together perfectly. I give this part of our meal 5 stars. The second course of the meal was our main dishes. Ramiro came out with a large platter - our meat on one side, vegetables (onion, mushrooms, red/yellow/green peppers, potatoes, and broccoli) on the other and 8 different dipping sauces in the middle (horseradish, sweet chili sauce, teriyaki, barbeque, can't remember the rest). Our waiter was very thorough about how long to cook everything - very important if you are wondering why your chicken is way too chewy. Then the fun began. It was little tricky getting the food on the prongs (especially the meat), but we managed and dropped them into the pot full of soybean oil. Tip: To keep the more tender meat from slipping off the prong while cooking, add a vegetable to hold it in place. Of course, as fondue beginners, we ended up with pieces of food at the bottom of the pot and had to fish them out. Now as far as the food went, I must say that I did not enjoy this part as much. I think it required way too much coordination - 1) Wait, how long have I had it in for? 2) Is it cooked? (I couldn't tell because it was so dark in there) 3) Did I touch the raw meat with the fork I'm about to eat from? See what I mean? Anyway, the sauces were such a life saver as they helped mask my fears of contracting mad cow disease. I would say in this case, this portion of the meal was 4 stars - just because I was eating in the dark so to speak. The last course was a chocolate fondue dip which was awesome. Ramiro brought it out and set down a platter of strawberries, pineapple, pound cake cut up in cubes, marshmallows and cantaloupe. Then, the highlight of the evening for me - he lights the pot of chocolate on fire and tells us to roast our marshmallows like we were camping. Too cool. I think I was having way too much fun when my marshmallow lit on fire and I sorta freaked. Anyway, at that point our bellies were way past capacity and we ended up getting the dessert to go. I give this portion of dinner 5 stars. The value of dinner was pretty good - great ambience, a lot of food, presentation and welcoming staff. We ended spending a total of ~$105 w/ drinks and without gift certificate deducted. I only gave it 4 stars because of parking, the price and the restaurant being too dimly lit for my liking. Overall a great date night.
