The service I had it Uncommon Ground has motivated me to write my first Yelp review after 3 years of reading other people's reviews to drive my business choices. I am a little torn on the overall rating, but I am sticking with 2.5 stars. Service: 1 Star The more I think about the service I had there, the more insulted I am. I went to Uncommon Ground on a first date for dinner last night. It was both of our first times dining there. I picked the place, as I have been wanting to try it out, but we were both super enthused about the menu. We arrive at about 7:45 PM and were seated promptly. The restaurant was about 1/4 full. Even at the peak of the dinner crowd, the restaurant was 3/4 full at max, so I see no reason to rush someone through their dinner. Now let me preface this....I worked in the restaurant industry for 4 years so I appreciate an "attentive" server, but there is a fine line between attentive and annoying. Within a minute after being sat, our server approached to take our drink order. Great....If we had even opened the menu yet! She then continued to explain the specials for the the day and left to "give us a few minutes". I don't know what type of watch she wears, but it apparently converts minutes to seconds, because within another minute or so....guess who was back? Now at this point it is CLEAR that we are talking and are not in any hurry to order. I know she is glancing from across the room to see if we had touched the menus yet, but yet she still continues to come back 3-4 times every minute on the minute to take our order. We finally decide to just give her our drink and appetizer order so she would leave us alone and we could continue our getting to know each other conversation. Within another minute or so she was back again to take our dinner order. At this point I am getting really aggravated because she knows damn well we haven't looked at the menus to decide on dinner. We send her away and within another couple minutes she is back. We haven't even gotten our appetizers yet. We give her our dinner order in hopes to have a few minutes without her continuously interrupting our conversation. Our appetizer arrived shortly after ordering dinner. Literally 5 minutes into eating our appetizers our dinner arrived. ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME?! There wasn't even enough room on our small, 2 person table for the 2 appetizers and 2 entrees.They offered to bring the entrees back to the kitchen to keep them warm...Ummmm No Thank You! Yes...I love my food sitting under a heat lamp for 10 minutes getting nice and dried out. We sat them on the empty table next to us while we finished our appetizers. The bus boy only seemed to appear when he was trying to clear our half empty plates. I am sure it was all part of the plan to get us out of there as quickly as possible. After dinner, our server offered us dessert. We decided on dessert within 2 server visits to the table. I did find it funny however that the dessert took 20 minutes to come out. Not that I minded, because at this point it was pretty much the only uninterrupted time we had to talk. Of course the server brings the bill about 2 bites into our dessert. We were still drinking our beer. She didn't even check to see if we wanted another round before she brought the check. Then she comes to the table 2 more times to try to pick up the payment. We were still eating dessert and it was clear that there was no credit card or cash in the check book. My date pays and right after he signs for the bill she comes back to ask if he had signed. She then takes the signed copy of the bill away, closes out with her manager and leaves all while we are still finishing dessert. The restaurant was still open and there was another couple drinking. Right after the bus boy takes away our 3/4 eaten dessert, he gave us the queue to get out by turning the lights on nice and bright. I asked him if we had to leave and he said, "Only if you want to." Well now I want to since the bright lights are glaring down at me! The bar was still open. At the least they could have asked us to move into the bar area. I guess that was too much effort. This may compete with the WORST service I have ever had in my life. Congrats on that! Food and Beer: 3.5 Stars Beer: They have a small, but good selection of craft beer. I was drinking Founders Porter and it was quite tasty. My date was drinking Bell's Oberon. Appetizers: We had the Grilled Mushrooms. The presentation wasn't what I was expecting, but it was delicious. We also had the pork belly, which was okay. Dinner: We ordered the Bacon Wrapped Meatloaf and Ricotta Ravioli. The meatloaf had the potential to be amazing, but it was on the dry side. I am sure sitting on a table for 10 minutes while we finished out appetizers didn't help... The Ricotta Ravioli was yummy and all the ingredients tasted very fresh. Dessert: We ordered the Dark Chocolate Banana Bread Pudding. One Word: Delectable!
