My Chinese significant other and I stumbled across Lao Sze Chuan by chance while wandering around Chinatown; neither one of us had heard of it so we had no expectations going in. But I've spent a while in Sichuan, and finding a place in the States that can accurately recreate the flavors I got addicted to in Chengdu and Chongqing is not an easy feat. We ordered three dishes, some sort of a cold tofu-skin-and-mushroom appetizer that my companion wanted, and two fairly signature Sichuan dishes: homestyle tofu and kung pao chicken.Both of the Sichuan dishes disappointed. The homestyle tofu had nicely fried chunks of firm tofu, and the flavor of the sauce was pretty close (though missing the flavoring accent of sauteed minced pork that it normally contains in China)...but what is usually just a tofu-and-sauce dish came with a hodgepodge of random overcooked Chinese takeout veggies mixed in as well. I'm not sure who thought homestyle tofu needed spicing up with some snow peas and canned bamboo shoots, but it wasn't me. It wasn't a huge deal, but it didn't really add to the dish either.The kung pao chicken, on the other hand, was the big disappointment. This might be my favorite Chinese dish of all time, and what I got at Lao Sze Chuan was basically the same Americanized version you can get at any el cheapo fast-food takeout place in any town in America. This should be a fiery dish swimming with dried chilies, chunks of chicken, and fried peanuts. I got a couple of lone chilis swimming forlornly in an overly-sweet sauce with, yet again, the hodgepodge of takeout vegetables, and the hua jiao peppercorns that give true kung pao chicken its mystical mouth-numbing powers (which I expected to find in an authentic place such as this) were absent as well.Ironically, the best and (according to my companion) most authentic dish of the three was our appetizer, whose name escapes me at the moment - and it was actually a Shanghai-style dish, not Sichuanese.I get that this place has a devoted, loyal following among Chicagoans, but frankly the next time I'm in Chinatown I'll hit up one of the hole-in-the-wall places with nothing but Chinese on the menuboard and nothing but Cantonese being spoken among the patrons instead. I suspect that's where you'll find authentic Chinese food in Chinatown...not here.
