Wow. That was a mistake. After seeing the raves here on Yelp, went over to check out Little Bucharest with a couple of friends, one of whom was in from out of town. We were seated right away, and handed menus, which were wrinkled and folded up pieces of paper. Same with the beer menus, and on one of them, there appeared to be their bar inventory. Odd, but whatever. Our waitress didn't really speak English very well, but we got by just fine at first by just pointing to the item we were ordering on the menu so she could copy it. We had long finished our appetizer and the plates were just left with us. After quite a long while (at least twenty minutes) of trying to flag the server down, we finally succeeded and were again pointing to the items on the menu we wanted to order. Then the owner came by, pretty much out of nowhere, as I had not seen him previously during the evening. He began to scold her in another language, when she argued he "shhh"ed her. He took over, quickly taking our order and was cordial enough, had some personality, and explained how they had just opened, etc. Then. We easily waited an hour. On one of his routes to another table, he finally stopped by and asked if we'd had dinner yet. ?!? Um, no. Then, the part that irritated me the most: he proceeded to blame the massively delayed order on the WAITRESS! You know, the one he had taken over for. He did this over and over, it was all I could do to not remind him that HE had taken the order. The food arrived and was only so so. After having waited so long between appetizer and entree, I just wasn't hungry enough to really know. He offered his "hooch" which a previous Yelper praised, some plastic hose that everyone else's mouth in the restaurant had been on. NO THANKS. He got into quite a festive mood and began throwing plates and glasses on the floor, and clapping to the music of the live accordion player. There was still glass on the floor when we were walking out. Everywhere. It's summer, and people are wearing open shoes, idiot. Frankly $140 later, I think we all felt a little burned. Skip it.
