Saw mixed reviews for The Gage, but was really in the mood for a Friday dinner out immediately after work, and as The Gage is one of 2 (also, Panda Express) restaurants in the Loop open post-5 pm, and it was bookable via Open Table, I thought we would give it a whirl. I dug the old school decor; I felt comfortable in a polo, shorts and high tops; and the crowd seemed jovial enough. Items were a bit pricey, but not obnoxiously so. I got the "Gage Fizz" cocktail... I had mixed feelings as to whether I really liked it or if it tasted like a bad scotch and soda with a packet of 'Sugar in the Raw' at the bottom, so I quickly moved into a delightful Sommelier-recommended Grenache/Syrah blend. I'm trying to lose weight, so we had the Scotch Egg (hard boiled egg encased in deep-fried sausage) as an opener. Greasy and good. More Scotch food please! I wanted to get the chicken and giant noodle soup, because I love giant things, but we went straight to main course options: I had the Hangar Steak with Goat Cheese Grits and Cabernet Stilton-Butter. The waiter recommended medium rare, which turned out to be right on. I was wholly satisfied and found the dish mouth-watering and well presented.  My lady felt guilty ordering a $14 burger, but went ahead with The Gage USDA Prime Burger comprised of Ground Angus, Local Camembert (paradox!), Melted Onion Marmalade, on Toasted Malt Roll. An excellent burger. In spite of a few service miscues -- the poor bread guy was interrupted mid-sentence by the arrival of our Scotch Egg -- a sharp-eyed manager noticed our confusion when unadvertised fries arrived with the Gage Burger and sped to our table to inquire if anything was the matter. We told him that we had ordered the Crisp Brie Potato (a little sopping in butter for my tastes, but well-received by my buttervore lady) as a side only because we didn't think the burger came with fries. I suppose we should have assumed/asked, but he struck the Crisp Brie Potato from our tab without being asked to do so then disappeared as unobtrusively as he'd materialized. All told, I was really satisfied with our experience at The Gage, and would certainly consider going back. Sidebar -- it's my opinion that Billy Lawless is a fake name. Sort of like if I started going by "Nat Hardcore" or something.
