An old-world Irish pub for gays?? Who knew! In the midst of the surplus amount of restaurants, shops, bakery, and boutiques on Broadway, this restaurant is a sight to be seen. The numerous foliage at the exterior draws you in and brings life to the restaurant. As you get drawn in, the interior takes you away to into a world full of warm, dark woods and hat are highlighted by gold lighting that glistens stain glass that encompasses this restaurant. Although the restaurant maybe a sight to be seen, in my opinion, looks can be deceiving. The service was pretty mediocre. My friend and I waited a good 15 mins for us to get serviced; as Miranda Priestly would say, the service was definitely "moving at a glacial pace" which wasn't a good way to start our dinner.. After our first encounter with our waitress, it took another 10-15 minutes to get our water... what a complete waste of our time. I know you are suppose to bask in the ambiance, but damn. The beautiful decor of the restaurant didn't match the food that was served to me. As far as the menu goes, it offers a wide variety of traditional pub/bar food from burgers to fish and chips to shepherd's pie. There was a large amount of choices that appealed to my taste buds as I was reading the descriptions of each item which made it seem that it was going to be a good meal. I even texted a fellow coworker about what to order. My coworker recommended the mac and cheese and swore by it, so I ordered it. I had a hard decision between two dishes, the shepherd's pie and the whole wheat pasta with rotisserie. I asked our sloth of a waitress as to what dish she recommended and she chose the shepherd's pie. Another half hour had past (which makes it a total of about almost an hour in the restaurant) and we get the mac and cheese. I would have to say, the mac and cheese they serve is sinfully delicious! Their adaptation of mac and cheese have surpassed any expectations that I could ever think of. It was a perfect harmony of cheesiness, tang, saltiness, and crunchiness. Words cannot express the flavor explosion I had in my mouth. Definitely worth trying... and comes highly recommended. With that being said, the food orgasm I had with the mac and cheese it was short lived when it came to the shepherd's pie. The shepherd's pie was utterly dreadful and bland. It basically was mashed potatoes drenched in a distasteful soup with ground Angus beef, peas, and carrots. It was as appealing looking as baby food given to grown ups to eat.. Overall the only highlights I had were the decor and the mac and cheese and that was it.. So as much as I wanted be wild for Wilde, it didn't happen for me... maybe next time .
