Most frustrating place i've dined at in memory. To start- i'm in the restaurant business, eat out 4-5 times a week, and moved to Uptown a few months ago. Passed by Glenn's with my fiance and couldn't wait to try it. Looked like a perfect place- breakfast, lunch, dinner- seafood- cereal boxes- cool decor.  First time there- food was ok- corned beef hash with undercooked potatoes- not crispy at all; chowder was good; potato pancakes almost cold/ or raw. Anyway- server was one of those 'cooler than school' guys- the kind who high fives you when you order something he suggests- but he was fine. I figured i just got the wrong dish- still wanted to come back. Back the same week- had breakfast- ate at bar- all was fine. But went back for dinner a week or so later and this is where i started to wonder who was running this place.  With a few people, one whom had his 6 yr old daughter with him. She's an eater- we asked if there was small piece of salmon or some kind of plain fish that she could get. Immediate, curt, uncompromising answer was 'No, we don't do that". Not even a BS 'let me check with the kitchen'. Wow- i don't know- if a 6 yr old in my restaurant wanted a piece of fish, my chef would've brought it out himself- that is cool! Also- i asked for two items on the chalkboard and answer was "No- we are out" and "No, we are out" Evidently I am an idiot and didn't know the system on the board that lets you know what fish they have and don't have. That was made clear to me. Next- fiance in for lunch with a friend and she ordered a salad and asked for the dressing to be tossed. Simple, right? Evidently not- it came out on the side- no big deal, mistake, just send it back, right? no harm done. Server takes it to chef, comes back- "Chef says that this is the way it comes". Mmm, ok, can you make sure- we just want it tossed- shouldn't be a big deal. Goes to kitchen, comes back- says :Chef says this is the way the dish is prepared" Final answer evidently.  Now- my final visit. Let's remember that I REALLY WANT TO EAT HERE! With my 1-month old boy in a baby seat. "Cooler than school" waiter says we can put seat in one of those highchairs-turned-upsidedown. I asked for room for the stroller or a chair, as I am fond of my boy, would prefer not to put in a topheavy-loosely put together piece of cheap wood. Maybe it's me. So, manager comes over, like I was a troublemaker- says "thats what we do for highchairs" I said "I would prefer to keep my kid alive, if that's ok? Don't tell me what to do with my child (now, i will admit- I was ripe for an argument) . He said "I'm the manager, what would you suggest I do?" After a few inappropriate retorts floated in my head i told him to figure it out. I am literally steaming mad, I am a calm person but these guys will not deviate an inch from whatever screwed up standards they hold so dear. well- Mr Manager did figure it out in about 10 seconds and we had an extra chair to seat the babyseat on. Now, was that worth an argument? Meal was fine- good server.  Bottom line- the place has a policy and culture of not wanting to take care of the customer. You can't say I didn't give it a shot. Or two shots. Or three shots. I only blame myself- there are so many places in this amazing culinary city to eat that there is no reason you should go here.
