I spent more than an hour hitting redial on my telephone trying to make my reservation so needless to say I was very eager to finally be able to dine at Alinea although I was able to secure a 5:15 reservation--a bit early, but at least I finally got a reservation. When my sister and I arrived at 5:00 (didn't want to be late), we were escorted to the upstairs front room that was very nice--much better than the dark rooms I passed when I went to the restroom. The pace of service was too quick. Not just for my table, but for all of the tables in the room. We had our check paid within 2 1/2 hours--a bit too quick for what should have been a more leisurely meal. Definitely should have been a 3 hour meal. Also, after about the 5th course, I got tired/annoyed with the waiter telling me how to eat each course--"do this/don't do this". Really annoying was the captain who instructed us not to place the used flatware on the napkin since the napkin would be used later in the dinner; surprise: the napkin was eventually removed and never seen again. There was a plating on wet seaweed that was simply unappealing to look at although the tastes of the shellfish were good once dug out of the slimey seaweed. Absolutely hated the tastes of ginger--I've never been a big ginger fan, but after this course that were mere tastes of different very pungently-flavored ginger, I now rank ginger among my least favorite flavors (almost as bad as olives). I did love the truffle raviolo. I did enjoy the smoking pear dessert. Didn't care for the famous shattered white chocolate since I've never found white chocolate to have much flavor. The tasting of lamb that came with about 60 drops of flavor should have had a "cheat sheet" since I wasted the small bites in some less than stellar tastings--definitely would have liked to have known what I was tasting. The Miro spoons were very good. The best thing about the dinner was the excellent bottle of Robert Weil Auslese that I had selected. I had such high expectations for my much anticipated dinner at Alinea, and maybe if I lived in Chicago, I'd go back to try it again. Since I live in NYC, and visit Chicago only on a very infrequent basis, I'll be trying other restaurants when I return.
