We went here for Easter Brunch with some friends. The Easter Brunch is almost the same as their regular Sunday brunch, but it costs more ($35). I think the food is upgraded some but I don't know for sure. Anyhow, we had an amazing meal. The meal is a combination of sit-down food and buffet line. Everyone started with a delicious bruschetta-like garlic bread with tomato topping. There was a first round of two tapas: a seafood croquette and serrano ham and melon skewers. A second round of two more tapas followed: this was an eggs Benedict, a perfectly poached egg over toasted brioche bread, tomato, and covered with truffled hollandaise. The other was a medallion of beef short rib topped with a sea scallop and placed on a toast point. Yummy. The third course consisted of three items: the first was paella, perfectly seasoned and browned rice with chorizo, chicken, and a salad of fresh parsley. The second was grilled prawns. The third: grilled asparagus with morels in a creamy cheese sauce. So far, this was 8 dishes and I have not included the buffet lines! There was a charcuterie line: meats and cheese. Wow. Cedar planked salmon with apple cider glaze. Maybe the most delicious cooked salmon that I've ever had. So moist, tender, it was practically quivering on the plate, yet it was cooked! Roast suckling pig with cracklings. Leg of lamb. Serrano ham, house-made chorizo, and assorted Spanish cheeses completed this line. I'll say it again, wow! For an additional $8, there is a "bottom-less" bloody mary bar. This is a bloody mary bar - on steroids! They give you a tall glass with ice and vodka. At the bar, there are 3 kinds of bloody mary mixes that you can use. There is a spicy red tomato mix, a mild yellow tomato mix, and a tangy tomatillo gazpacho mix.  Then there are the fixins. These include marinated cippoline onions, pickled garlic, picked peppers, jalapenos, sun-dried tomatoes, various ground peppers/paprikas, jumbo shrimp, serrano ham, chorizo, olives, and of course, celery, cucumber and carrot sticks. OMG. Oh and before I forget, this is a "bottom-less" bloody mary bar. That means you can have more than one bloody mary. Finally, there is a dessert bar. I have to say, after the unbelievable selection and quality of savory foods, the desserts were disappointing. Some of the items listed on the menu were not available and most were just meh. No dessert stood out as being outstanding. Service was attentive and prompt. All the staff were friendly. Did I mention that the dining room is beautiful? My only criticisms are that the dessert table was weak and there were not enough vegetable/fruit options. All in all, it was a fabulous brunch and I can't wait to go back again!
