If you value your money even a little or if you like being treated with even a little respect, do not go here under any circumstances. First, let me talk about the food. There were these flash-fried peppers that were flavorful and good; there was a goat cheese and vegetables dish that I liked; the dessert croquettes were fun. But this is without a doubt a one-star experience because the service here was unconscionably bad -- not just unhelpful, but actually rude, pushy, insulting and deceitful. I went here last night with five friends for restaurant week. The special restaurant week menu is what got us in the door. But as soon as we sat down, our server aggressively pushed us away from the restaurant week menu ($33 per person) and towards the chef's tasting menu (~$60 per person). We were provided six regular menus and only one restaurant week menu. As we began ordering from the restaurant week menu (which we had to pass around the table to read) our server repeatedly told us that the portion sizes on the restaurant week menu were too small and that we should order from the regular menu.  When some in our party ordered a few extra items off the menu (in addition to their $33 per person meals) the waitress repeatedly commented "only one? it's really small." She even tried to steer us away from the restaurant week menu again by telling us that she wasn't sure that the chef would allow us to add items to our order if we were getting the restaurant week menu. I won't call you out by name, waitress, but you know who you are, and you should know that I don't like being made to feel like a piece of shit when I eat out with friends. I am polite to servers (I was one for six years) and I always leave at least a 20 percent tip, whether the service was great or not. But your tactic of trying to make us feel like cheapskates no matter what we ordered just really rubbed me the wrong way. But I guess you don't care because your tip was a guaranteed 19 percent of whatever we purchased. Avoid.
