It's mind boggling that after all this time and countless visits to Saporia that I haven't written them a 5 star review until now. That's right the big FIVE! And here's why....this place is top notch, authentic Italian. One location, kick ass menu, great staff and chef - I could go on and on, and I will for a bit. Honestly I've probably been here 10+ times this year. It's our Italian staple and when we go we always can count on amazing food, great ambiance and friendly attentive staff - ripe with suggestions and pairings. I'm a marketing professional and honestly I'm impressed by Saporia's "outreach" to their patrons. Once you dine with them, fill out a survey card and please for the love of god leave them your address. I know, it was counter intuitive for me too with my anti-spam mentality. It's NOT spam, it's worth it. They send $15 off cards several times a year, accompanied with a hand written note from the head chef himself. When you fill out the card you're also entered into their giveaways - they do special dining nights, give away bottles of wine etc. Ok I'll stop blabbing on... here's the quick and dirty - Check out their reviews online @ yelp, reserve a table at Open Table for quick/easy night out - The seemingly small space goes on to a back room, floor above and romantic patio seating (during the summer) love those lights! - Apps: we typically go with the sauted mussels in red sauce - super YUM: Cozze Scoppiate ($9.95) On our last visit we tried an app on their specials - it was prosciutto, fresh mozzarella, toasted bread w/sun dried tomatoes (?) - it was so tasty and un-believable fresh. Perfect to get your pallet prepped for the meal ahead - The Main Event: o My go-to - Rigatoni Caprese ($18.95) - A very unique sauce of hand picked, lightly stewed tomatoes hand crushed and finished with a generous portion of fresh basil, select extra virgin olive oil and bocongini mozzarella. Honestly I don't remember the last time I veered from this choice, I know there's other amazing menu options but this dish checks all my boxes and I LOVE it. The portion sizes are large and I'm in left-over heaven! o My main-squeezes go-to - Spaghetti allo Scoglio ($21.95) - pasta sauteed in a marinara with mussels, clams, shrimp and scallops (spicy on request. Like fresh seafood + pasta, please try this. Plus you can request an extra kick! o Reco from the chef himself - if you're looking to really celebrate tonight try the Milk and Honey Baby Back Ribs ($27.95) Delicate grilled baby back ribs (pork) marinated in honey and thyme finished in a slow braise with fresh milk and a touch of citrus. Chef Anthony Barbanente told us that it took him 3 weeks to perfect this recipe and it's absolutely knock your socks off. We'll be coming back to check this out! Bellissimo! p.s.if you check in with yelp - help yourself to a free espresso or cappuccino. You're welcome.
