After brushing off the remnants of Tropical Storm Danny, our crew landed us in Chicago a couple of hours before midnight. However, the relatively short night would not place a damper on my planned stuffed crust pizza excursion. Indeed, a couple of weeks ago, super Yelper Andrew W. was nice enough to provide me with a week old slice of Giordano's pizza. I greedily accepted the offering knowing full well that I was going to repeat the experience in Chicago. Why? Much like sugar in a properly sweetened iced tea, one's stomach can never be too saturated with Chicago's best stuffed crust pizza. SG warned me that the Giordano's in his neighborhood was closed. I laughed off this feeble attempt to thwart my mission. A few phone calls later, SG and I were happily driving to the edge of Greek Town to pick up not only BG but also the greatest pizza on God's green earth (or blue, or red, or indigo for that matter). We placed our order, and we headed to a nearby bar. The friendly bartender was yapping outside to one of his friends about the poor friend's penchant for going home with horrificly unattractive women (I won't go into detail, but he did). I briefly considered unleasing my own friend's "opossums" story (PM me for the greatest hook-up story of all time), but decided to stay low-key.  We finished up our 312 beers, and we headed back to finish our mission. Let it be known that the best Giordano's order is simply the cheese pizza. Somehow, Giordano's manages to load an impossible amount of cheese on top of a surprisingly thin bottom. The pizza is majestically tall and each bite contains a pleasing amount of flavorful tomato to complement the mound of cheese. While competitors and "stuffed crust" places across the country fail poorly in their quest to match Giordano's in taste, it should be mentioned that they fail from an architectural standpoint as well. I have never seen a thicker, taller crust in the United States than what one finds at the pizza equivalent to Mecca. And even that isn't a fair description of what encapsulates the Giordano's experience. Quite simply, Giordano's is the best pizza I have tried in the world (including Europe), and I doubt that will change in my lifetime. Some people might call that hyperbole or useless conjecture, but I challenge anyone to show me a better pizza. To this day, it hasn't even been close. Come to Mecca. Come to Giordano's.
