"This is the violet hour, the hour of hush and wonder, when the affections glow again and valor is reborn, when the shadows deepen magically along the edge of the forest and we believe that, if we watch carefully, at any moment we may see the unicorn." - DeVoto I really, really like a bar that bases its entire existence on a beautifully worded quote from a mysterious book I can't seem to get my hands on. I definitely felt like I was able to partake in the "hour of hush and wonder" in the very cavernous space. I like the velvet curtains that greet people upon entering - it is kind of weird to not know where you're going but it really creates a good atmosphere. We sat in the chairs with the tall backs (I have no idea what the technical name is) and the space was very intimate. Even though all of the tables and chairs are very close, the large backs of the chairs really create an intimate space to share a nice date. I loved the nod to Victorian decor, as well, while keeping the rest of the space with the chairs and tables modern. I love moulding all over the place (don't ask me why) so the space was very pleasing to my eyes (especially the original checkerboard tile in the bathrooms). However, I can't just give this place five stars. The drinks were good - I will totally admit that. However, other places make them better (Weegee's and The Whistler, to name two of my favorites). Mixologists are a bit difficult to find, but not impossible. Violet Hour, unfortunately, isn't in a class of it's own. And though the drinks were tasty, they were totally watered down with ice. I must have misunderstood the menu and what I was ordering, but both drinks that I had contained ice - 3/4 ice, to be (almost) exact. For $12, I got a drink full of ice and a bit of booze and my boyfriend got an entirely stiff cocktail. I don't really get that system of pricing - can't you have different levels? Or, why even serve any cocktails on the rocks at all? Mix it in that martini shaker with some ice and I'll be golden. I just can't really justify paying $12 for a hand-crafted cocktail here when I can get the same thing at the Whistler for $8 or Weegee's for $6 (they are literally just as well-made and delicious).  Sigh. As cool as this place really was, I just don't know if I'll ever come back. Also, can we get some consistency with this quote? Some say it's a Bernard DeVoto quote, others T.S. Eliot. Though I've never read "The Hour" or "The Waste Land", I am almost positive it's a DeVoto quote. That passage doesn't exist in "The Waste Land" but I'll read both just to make sure. Sorry, it's just something that bothers me.
