We come here for just about every big family dinner (when the adults decide that they can make do without chinese food for one night).  This place is great for groups and even when it's super busy, the wait isn't too bad. They have regular tables where you sit in chairs and low tables where you have to take off your shoes and sit cross legged. The lower tables give you a unique dining experience but you might want to avoid them if you are going with older adults who may have trouble getting up afterwards :) Avoid showering or wearing clean clothes because you WILL smell like korean bbq when you leave. If you want to cook your own meat right at your table, you have to order at least two portions of the kalbi, bulgogi, chicken, squid, etc. If you only place one order they will cook it for you in the kitchen but it doesnt taste as good because I believe they cook it in a pan versus grilling it. My favorite is the kalbi....the meat is tender and I usually like my meat medium rare to medium, but the kalbi tastes a little better medium well to well done. We always get the spicy chicken and spicy squid too but I'm not a huge fan. The maandoo (korean dumpling) is super yummy - big, crisp and filled with delicious meats and veggies. The jap chae (noodles with veggies) is not the best I've ever tasted but pretty decent. The seafood pancake (kind of like an egg pancake cooked with chives, squid and other seafood) is also pretty tasty. The free spicy tofu soup that comes with your meat order is a good complement to the rest of the meal. And we can't forget about all the side dishes.....I believe they give you somewhere around 15 small dishes consisting of different veggies, bean curd, mushrooms, eggs, etc. If you run out, make sure you save at least one piece so you can show the waitress what you want refilled. Service can be both good and bad. If you can catch a waitress, she will probably do a good job of taking your order and getting you what you need. But thats IF you can catch her in the first place. Tip: Dip the meat in the peanut sauce for extra flavor. And use the huge pieces of lettuce to wrap your meat and other veggies if you run out of rice!
