Xoco... say it ain't so... this place should defnitely not be at the top of your list for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Admittedly, I have not watched Top Chef Masters and I am not at all familiar with Rick Bayless, in fact, someone had to point him out to me when he walked by. I suppose seeing him in person could be a thrill for someone who is a fan but the experience was lost on me. Seeing as how we were in line for about 45 minutes, we had plenty of time to look over the menu and decide what we wanted. I was planning to order the seafood caldos, but unfortunately, after I finally reached the counter I was told that they were not serving caldos tonight. That was the first disappointment but after waiting in line for 45 minutes I was not about to walk out empty handed. Therefore, I ordered the Gunthorp Chicken, we also ordered the chocoflan dessert, a hot chocolate and chips with salsa as well as chips with guacamole. As we were being shown to our counter table, we saw a tray full of caldos being taken to another table, therefore, we asked the manager/hostess why we were told caldos were not being served this evening when they obviously were. She looked surprised/confused and then never really provided an answer... this was the second disappointment. After a few minutes our food arrived, the chips and guacamole were good while the chips and salsa were nothing to write home about. Why, you may ask did we order two chip dishes? Well, it would seem Xoco wants to squeeze every last penny out of you, therefore while most Mexican restaurants will give you chips, salsa and guacamole (sometimes even for free) Xoco prefers to charge you twice. Not nice Xoco... not nice at all, this was the third disappointment. However, seeing as how my dinner companions were such big fans of Mr. Bayless I was not giving up yet.... after all, the main dishes hadn't arrived yet and I was sure it was going to be good. Well folks, I'm sorry to say I was dead wrong, this was the fourth most devastating disappointment. The bread was hard to chew through, in fact, the glorified sandwiches were mediocre and the dipping sauces they came with were the same salsas served with our chips. I would have thought we would actually get a different dipping sauce for our sandwiches! Ironically, earlier that day, we had had Vietnamese sandwiches for about 1/4 of the price of our meal at Xoco and I found myself wondering why we didn't just go back there for dinner. On a brighter note, we did enjoy the churros, chocoflan and hot chocolate but sugar has always been my weakness and I wouldn't say that I enjoyed these three items anymore than I would a bag of M&Ms. So in conclusion, the next time you pass Xoco and see the ridiculous line snaking out the door, keep walking to the nearest Jimmy Johns, Subway or Vietnamese Sandwich shop and consider yourself lucky for having avoided this place. Definitely not worth the time or the money.
