Wine bar and lounges have a tendency to project pretenciousness and lots of noses pointing towards the elevated ceilings. I received that initially with the host that took our names down but after talking with a few guests that were waiting as well, that quickly went away. Everybody there was very laid back and just there to enjoy food/wine. That's what i liked. The host still sucked but I'm assuming she was the owner's niece or something. idk. We were seated and it took quite a while to get a menu. Water and sticks came right away but there was some confusion with our waiter for whatever reason. Drunk? Maybe. Seemed a little out of it when he finally showed up. Not the greatest for sure. The menu is great offering many flights of all kinds and food pairings as well.  I ordered the Sexy Reds and she ordered the Well Travelled Whites. Both were great and totally suited our tastes. We came away with a couple of future cellar additions for sure. We also ordered the Grand Platter with Salume Rosa, Duck Prosciutto, Toscano Salami, Piper, Barely Buzzed Cheddar, and some type of Gouda. All was good but the only one that stood out was the Cheddar. Something about the espresso and lavendar really gave the right complement to the cheese. Really good. Service issues came up again throughout the night. Waiter or runner, whoever is to blame, kept on forgetting orders of wine we were having. We had to constantly remind someone that we had an order up. I'm pretty patient but 1/2 hour between ordering and getting a glass of wine is pretty ridiculous, I don't care how busy it is. They are busy all the time so they should have that system down pat and if they don't by now, they need a revamp on their personnel and/or training.  Anyway, we had a good time and if it wasn't sponsored, I'm pretty sure I would be giving it 1 or 2 stars. A great concept and the patrons are terrific and very diverse but the service/staff is questionable at best. Too bad because I really wanted to give it 4-5 stars if it was based on concept.
