Every Holiday my wife and I try out a new downtown Chicago hotel and enjoy a nice dinner, a show and shopping. Having just returned from this hotel, I would highly recommend a stay.  Consistent with the other reviews to date, the property is a very appealing modern design. There are two room decors. Our room had a gloss black porcelain (marble?) flooring and aqua carpet. I like that our room was not rectangular and had an alcove with the desk, chair with side table and the flat panel TV. We also appreciated a balcony with river and lake views. If it weren't winter, you'd could really enjoy spending time out there. The bed was very comfortable although a little on the firmer side (though plenty soft, just not a heavenly bed). There were great down pillows and lots of them. The room has all the amenities you'd want including nice toiletries, single cup coffee maker, mini-bar, wi-fi, etc. The common spaces also feature striking design. The lobby is especially impressive with a massive gas fireplace (probably 75 feet long) and comfortable seating that makes you want to linger. It's just a great looking contemporary hotel. The staff could not have been more friendly. While the hotel is still in start up mode, everyone was genuinely and naturally friendly. We found this to be true of the front desk staff, housekeeping, the lounge staff and those in the restaurant. We especially liked breakfast. While on the expensive side, or pretty typical for higher end hotels, the food was especially good. Try the crepes! They are wonderful. The only downside I can see is the cost of parking at $51. We knew this in advance and parked next door at an Illinois Center garage for $30. Just a pet peeve of mine, as I'm happy to pay for a nice room and good service, but I hate how all the downtown hotels gouge you on parking or don't offer a package that includes parking. We did not use the pool but there is a nice two lane lap pool and hot tub plus health club. The location was also very convenient to Millenium park, loop theaters and Michigan Avenue. In short, this hotel was everything we wanted for a relaxing, quick escape from the burbs.
