There were a lot of hotels I wanted to stay at in Chicago and finally decided with W @ Lakeshore. Great hotel, when I come back, I'll be here again. Intimate, plus and private. Love the minimalist designing of the hotel (and all W hotels). Book the hotel if...: if are young or "feel younger", into or somewhat into "urban chic", and you are plan to take advantage of the hotel's offerings. To book the room isn't that expensive but to take advantage of what the hotel offers, is. For example, their Whenever Wherever policy - you can basically get whatever you want, when you want it (like White Castle burgers at 3am delivered to you by the hotel staff). Rooms: made for couples. Don't plan on coming here with your family or if you do, get separate rooms. For example, there is no bathroom door. Rather, it is a sliding wood door that it not on rails (it's a "casual-optional" door and there is a wooden window from the bathroom to the bedroom that is meant to be kept open. LCD's in every room, minibar has everything you want from food to booze to hats to "love packages" (condoms, lube, mints and some other stuff). The toiletries are from Bliss so yeah, actual name brand stuff unlike most hotels since most top hotels have their "exclusive" brands but they don't mean anything because the dealer only deals to them; so it's actually generic). If you're crazy about spa, they have the Bliss spa experience. They have a great pool (indoor of course); it's open to all hotel guests so no need to do the spa if you don't want. They have a club/bar upstairs that has an AWESOME view of Chicago. If you're a hotel guest, just flash your card since there will be a line to get in on weekends. If you want feel pampered (and you are willing to spend the money for it), you will have a great time here. You can also be discreet to and enjoy all the amenities. Friendly and very-knowing concierge desk. Since it's at Lakeshore, this part of the city is relatively quiet compared to the inner-city. Even with the lounge downstairs and club upstairs, you won't hear anything in your room if you want peace and quiet.
