You know how in a scary movie a young girl enters into a dim place where there's a monster waiting and you're all shouting, "No! Don't go there! Something bad will happen!" But she does anyway. It's kinda like me visiting here even knowing the rep and reviews. But the difference here is I'm an idiot so you can have shadenfreude and laugh at my misfortune. My cousin was visiting Chicago for her 19th birthday and wanted a nicer version of The Cheesecake Factory so I suggested it. We got reservations and she, my aunt, and other cousin were sat to wait for me and my uncle to rendevous with them after work. Right away the service was off. It was a group of 5 and they mentioned it was her birthday but he spent an abnormal amount of time and attention on me. It was bizarre and off putting. I didn't come for small talk with HIM. Just help us, ok?! We ordered: Spinach dip app. Everyone liked it. I didn't eat it. The portion of chips to the dip was too small. My aunt and cousin ordered the Chicken Ceaser Salad and a Mexican Chicken Salad they both didn't like. My uncle ordered the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich with a side salad with vinegrette dressing. He said it lacked kick and wasn't filling. My cousin Patrick ordered the Reuben with fries. It looked unsubstantial in terms of meat quantity (especially since the poor guy is a huge football player). Also who makes Reubens on White brioche bread??? My uncle and aunt ordered beers and wine and were unimpressed. But who cares, right? I ordered a Mai Tai which was great (not Bob Chinns great), a Miller Lite bottle, and the Manhattan salad with Turkey and Cheese added. The salad was good and needed not dressing but the Turkey was sparse and tiny and tasted weird. Here's the big WTF moments that take this from mediocre to get outta here. My aunt and I sat next to each other and her trench was on the back of her chair. My hat fell down to the floor next to her chair by my purse. There was a hugeeeee puddle of red liquid I reached into with my bare hand that drenched her coat and my hat. Disgusting. It's Friday night at six.... Prime time.... And you can't be bothered to clean major spills in a dim room. We asked about it and they just said send the dry cleaning bill. But didn't seem surprised or comp anything. Also, they knew it was my cousin's birthday and were were already grossed out by how dirty the place was..... And asked if she'd like a dessert. She ordered cupcakes. The wait was 20 minutes (um they're pre made) and charged us. Talk about tacky. I wanted to like Grand Luxe but it grand sux.
