Warning: Egg puns may be present.Once upon a time, in a not too-far-off distant land, a breakfast place was located down Michigan Avenue. Heck, with it being a Wednesday morning (1030ish to be exact), Yolks seemed like a lovely little place to visit and not have to worry about a long wait. Bright blue and yellow walls were present, and even some abstract dcor littered each table. Clearly, I thought, this place has to be the shiznit of breakfast places especially since the moment my beloved and I walked into this place, it made me feel like I was in a carton of eggs. Boy, was I sadly mistaken. After the hostess seated us, our waiter appeared from the mass of waiters and waitresses loitering near the front of the store. Our order (my companion ordered some banana-crepe thingy with a side of diced red potatoes and yours truly ordered the vegetarian wrap) was placed and the waiter went away, never to be seen until the food arrived later on.The food landed on the table, looking to be of quite large proportions--which in my book (or rather stomach) is wonderful. It was not until breakfast started that all the eggs started to run. My veggie wrap (which consisted of goat cheese and portabella mushrooms with miscellaneous peppers) was, sadly, a disappointment. The spinach wrap itself was mildly stale and cracked in my hands. Goat cheese seemed to overpower the whole wrap and while examine my little green wrap, I saw only traces of my beloved mushroom. My lovely companion's crepes were most likely injected with mounds of high fructose corn syrup as well as thrown into a microwave before coming to her seat. Besides having the crepes be too thick and too sweet the presentation of having gobs of whip cream atop of these "crepes" were slightly stomach turning.  Remember that side of red-diced potatoes I mentioned earlier? Yeah, I barely remember them. That's the impact they left.As our trip drew to a close, and when our waiter finally came to check on us, it was only to drop off the bill. Sorry to say, but Yolk was not what it seems cracked up to be. Heck, Denny's is in this same ring.That's all yolks.
