Gilt Bar... How I fell in love with your gastro-pub cuisine. I took my boyfriend here last night for his birthday, as he had tried one of the other gastro pubs in the city and was a major fan. We made a reservation for 6:15 on a Thursday night, and I was happy to see that we did as the place was starting to fill up upon arrival. We had to wait about five minutes to be seated and we were lead to the back of the restaurant near the kitchen. Gilt Bar has an interesting vibe as it is barely lit besides two candles at the table and some scattered unique chandeliers. The kitchen, located at the back of the restaurant, is open so you can see the fantastic food being crafted. An interesting point to note is that they have constructed a seating area that looks into the kitchen, so I'm sure that would be a unique dining experience. Okay, onto the most important part: the food. We started off with two beers (they have an amazing selection of craft brews, both on tap and bottled for about $5-$9 apiece.) We both had taken a look at the menu before coming to the restaurant, so we had a general idea of what we wanted. 1) The Pork Belly: I had never had pork belly before, and this was an amazing entree. The meat literally fell apart when cutting into it, and it was savory... there really aren't words to describe how delicious this was. There were three chunks served on a bed of lentils in an amazing sauce. 2) The Pork Roast: Wowwww... this was even BETTER than the Pork Belly. The meat was moist, tender, and it also fell apart when cutting into it. The sauce that it was served with was outstanding, and I kept on going back for more to dip the pork roast into or to ladle it over the top. This was served with some glazed carrots and I believe some type of small/soft pearl potatoes. All in all outstanding. 3) Side of Cauliflower with caramelized onions: Having recently warmed up to cauliflower, this was a great side dish to pair with the pork. It had an interesting flavor--it was slightly bitter which I feel balanced out the savory meats very nicely. Desserts: Oh. My. God. Since it was my boyfriend's birthday, we splurged on two desserts in celebration. 1) Cookie Dough Ice Cream: I don't know about you guys, but when I normally get cookie dough ice cream I feel like I'm hunting around for the cookie dough pieces, and that I can never seem to get enough. Gilt Bar must have had this predicament in mind when crafting this ice cream. It was literally CHUNKS of cookie dough with ice cream laced around it... I was in cookie dough heaven. At $3 for a single scoop (which was actually two large scoop fulls-- more than enough to share for two people) this ice cream beat out any ice cream I've ever had. I would come back here to get the ice cream alone. Wow. 2) Carrot Cake: As a testament to how delicious this was, my boyfriend is normally not a huge fan of cake and upon the first bite he was speechless. The cake was super moist, they used REAL carrot pieces, and the frosting was perfect--not too sweet and heavy on the cream cheese. I would highly recommend this for a dessert, and you can easily split it between two people. All in all a very solid meal--and to top things off they put a single birthday candle in the cake for my boyfriend's birthday! I would highly recommend this restaurant, it was perfect for a birthday/special occasion dinner.
