I really wanted to like this place. Really, I did. I was ok with waiting in line for 20 minutes in the Chicago cold before it opened. Not a huge deal to me. However, things did not go as planned. My girlfriend and I decided to have dinner here and so we arrived early to wait in line. It didn't take long to get in once they opened the doors but we had to wait 15 minutes to get our table, because obviously you can't seat the whole restaurant at once unless you want a mutiny in the kitchen. So, we did what anyone would do and went to the bar. We ordered drinks and before long we were seated. The decor in here is awesome. I really love all the cool artifacts on the walls and the color scheme. That's about it. Now, I have a food allergy. Yes a real one. I don't go around saying I'm allergic to cilantro because I don't like it or that I'm allergic to gluten because I'm on a diet. I'm allergic to peanuts. Like, severely. As in, if I eat one I'm going to die. Being a cook, I know that it's a pain in the ass however I expect to be reasonably accommodated. Upon telling the server of this and presenting him with my allergy card he went and got the manager. He told me that they have peanuts all over their kitchen and they cannot guarantee that my food will not be cross contaminated. The best they can do is to assure me that a peanut will not be present in my meal..... Um. No. Not exactly gonna fly. So, being defeated, I figured I was going to have chips and salsa but I was told that they had fried something containing peanuts in the oil 3 days ago. First of all, why the hell haven't you changed your fryer oil in the last 3 days? Secondly, really?! Come on Rick Bayless you can't accommodate someone with a peanut allergy?!? So, I had oysters figuring there's no way that can go wrong. I also had a bowl chili which was actually spectacular. The downside of the meal was the manager hovering over our section waiting for me to keel over and go into convulsion on his dining room floor. That kinda put a damper on the evening. My girlfriend however loved her meal and the tequila menu is pretty friggin huge. I can imagine that it's great food but for me it just didn't work.
