A very solid 4-star stay! Obviously, I have not stayed at too many hotels in Chicago. As a former resident, I never had much need. But on a recent trip, it became a necessity so I set out to find the best priced hotel room downtown. A hotwire search for "4 stars and above" near "downtown" landed me a $111/night rate at the Hyatt Regency. For Thursday-Sunday! $111/night!? Chicago in the summer!? I feared that this would be a dump due to the price, but was relieved somewhat when I saw their announcement on Yelp detailing their complete renovation of all 2,000+ rooms. Wow, big hotel. Yes, indeed. This is a "convention" hotel, with multiple towers, huge convention spaces below and all around. It's massive. As luck would have it, the SoniCare toothbrush convention was here during my stay, so there were a lot of out-of-towners with brilliant smiles bounding around everywhere. Could be worse, right!? When you enter the lobby it actually looks more like an airport or a huge mall. Nonetheless, my check-in was quite smooth and I was on my way up to my room on the 23rd floor. What i found was quite impressive! A small room (1 Queen bed), but very modern, stylish, clean and comfortable. Flat screen TV. Very updated and you can definitely tell the remodel went full force. Things felt crisp and clean, the carpet fresh. It was just a really nice room. And on the 23rd floor...though I didn't have a river view (could've upgraded for $20, but wasn't spending a whole lot of time there!) was looking out over office buildings and Chicagoans bustling around to work and play. Suggestion, if you're here on a weekend and there is a big convention (usually), just ask to be put on those floors. Typically people from Sonicare are not going to be rowdy and loud. 18 years olds on vacation, another story. My room was quiet and peaceful at all times.  The service during my stay was also right on key. Never had an issue. I'd never eat or drink at the lounges/Stetson's with all the wonderful options nearby and in Chicago, but they had a nice snack/bev area for quick snacks. It's not cheap or anything, but it does in a pinch. Parking: You can valet (which is probably a lot) or you can park in one of the underground lots and walk a few blocks to save about half. I think we paid around $20/night. Much better and you don't have to wait in a crazy valet line in the morning! Any complaints? Just one small one. The elevators get super jammed up around the 10-11am hour, and I waited 20 minutes for one to get downtstairs on Saturday morning because all the Sonicare ladies were going somewhere at the same time. Like all 4,000 of them. So, that didn't work so hot, but everything else considered...this was indeed a "4 star hotel, downtown" and for $111/night! *Also, free wi-fi. I'd stay again. If I need a hotel in Chicago, that is.
