4 stars (feeling more like 3.75) even though I know this place is notorious for plenty of things: bad service, expensive, some plates are not awesome, and the feeling that these people here just plain judge you?? Last night was my 2nd visit to Sunda for my gf's birthday. She made reservations for 9PM, however when we got there, there wasn't a table ready at that time. I believe we had to wait almost 30 mins for the RESERVED table. But they bought us a round of drinks from the bar, so I thought that was particularly nice of them. After that, we got seated at our table almost immediately. Our waiter was very charming and made some very helpful recommendations. I've had their sushi and was not impressed and was only interested in their non-sushi dishes. We ordered the honey walnut rock shrimp tempura. It was basically the honey walnut shrimp that you get from a chinese restaurant but about 3 times better. We ordered something called the Devil's Basket which was 2 soft shell crabs cut in 4 pieces sitting in a bed of red hot dried chilis. Very delicious. The waiter pointed us in the direction of the crispy rice sushi and helped us pick the Kobe beef one. It was probably the most tender kobe beef I've ever had. The meat literally just broke apart in my mouth, and in a good way. For entrees we had the roast duck breast which was sitting in buttery mashed potatoes and this amazing sauce. Their side of cauliflower was fantastic. Best freaking cauliflower I've ever had in my life. Next entree was the Shaking beef, meaning Bo Luc Lac for those familiar with vietnamese fare. It was a delicious rendition of it although the meat was a bit on the chewy side. The side of string beans was also amazingly delicious. They put walnuts and chinese sausage in with it and the flavors were so well-matched. We finished off our meal with the bite sized cookies and the ridiculous, a big deep fried tempura ice cream ball covered in way too much caramel sauce. It was all good but not amazing. Overall, the experience was a lot better the 2nd time around for me. I think if it had not been for the waiter and how the manager helped salvage the table situation, they would have received less stars.
