2nd time at Texas de Brazil, but first time to this location in downtown (1st in Schaumburg).  It was a late Thursday dinner where we didn't arrive at restaurant until 9:00 PM and the restaurant closes at 10 PM.  I was worried that we would be missing out on the full selection coming in this late but we confirmed with the host, who told us everything would still be available.  We would have sat down at 8:45 but the valet attendant took FOREVER!  But I'll save that for parking company's review. First, I highly recommend joining their E-Club. They send you BOGO coupons or specials such as two for $69 for the salad bar, meats, and dessert, which is a bargain considering dessert is not usually included.  Tonight, we took advantage of the $69 for two.  I usually stay away from salad bar and go right for the meats. But, this time I tried a little of the lobster bisque, caprese salad, ahi tuna, and portobello mushrooms.  Lobster bisque is my favorite soup ever but was not impressed. Too much sherry? and no chunks of lobster and way too rich.  Loved the caprese salad. Ahi tuna needed more flavor and portobello mushrooms were a bit on the soggy side.  Now for the meats!  My favorite meats of the evening were the garlic parmesan pork, top sirloin, and flank steak.  Pork was cooked perfectly and not dry. Top sirloin and flank steak were so flavorful and a perfect medium rare.  I usually love the bacon wrapped filet mignon but the bacon was way too salty that I didn't enjoy the filet.  I don't usually eat mashed potatoes but loved how creamy the garlic mashed potatoes were.   Even though, we were there late, the service was still great. Our server Leah was always on top of things and always asked if we there any particular meat that we wanted to come back.  The manager even stopped by to check on us, which is always a big plus for me at any restaurant.   We had the creme brulee for dessert, which was amazing as always.  My suggestion for these churrascarias is to make the dessert portions smaller! All in all, a fantastic meal at Texas de Brazil with great service in a wonderful ambiance.
