We went to Mastro's last weekend for my husband's birthday. We were okay spending the high prices for the special occasion. But it certainly won't be a place we go to often - due to the prices. I list all the prices in my review so you have a better idea of how much this place costs.  The interior of the restaurant is very nice - but quite dark. It was actually a little hard to read the menu and even see the table next to you. Maybe that's why all the celebrities go there - b/c they won't be recognized! It was quite empty at 6pm on a Sunday night.  We went business casual, but we did see several people in the dining room with jeans on. The martinis are quite nice - and yes they leave the shaker with you - but I would like to point out that they are $18/martini. So - they better leave the shaker with me! We started with the spicy mambo salad - which was a Caesar salad with a little horseradish in the dressing. It had a nice spice and we both enjoyed a split salad (~$14 for the full salad). This was definitely not a salad we see at other restaurants and we enjoyed the distinction. My husband had the Kansas City steak and I had a petit fillet - both somewhere about $50/each. We also split a side of Gorgonzola mac and cheese (~$14). Both steaks were good - but similar to other steakhouses in Chicago. The Mac and Cheese was good - and fortunately was large enough that we brought half of it home. However - it wasn't worth the high price for a simple side. What was definitely worth the $14 was the butter cake dessert with a scoop of ice cream and home made whip cream. The cake is huge - not something that I would bring home in a doggie bag, so we indulged and kept eating it. It was delicious - almost the best dessert I've ever eaten. We would come back again - but we would come for drinks, appetizers and dessert and would eat in the bar area. It seemed a little more relaxed and low-key in that area with a piano player. Our service was top notch and everyone was extremely nice.
