Heard so much about this place, raised eyebrows the few times I told friends my wife and I had plans to eat here. The place was packed and I was glad we got there precisely as our reservation was up. The hostesses were very welcoming and showed us to our table promptly. Our table was served by a trained (although not active duty) chef who was quite knowledgeable about the menu and how it was designed, was ready with a suggestion and did not hesitate to tell us her favorites. We drank red wine and Sapporo on tap. I was a bit disappointed with how much colder the beer could have been (chilled glasses, wherever they are offered, may be spoiling me). For a restaurant that comes so highly recommended, I figured they would have this basic Our food was good, but not exceptional. We ordered the server recommended toasted Brussel Sprout salad, an Avocado stuffed with tuna and a Crab cake crusted tuna roll (maybe too much tuna for one night?). We enjoyed the first two and the third was just a little dry for our palates or at the very least for our palates that evening. The food was freshly made, and well balanced in texture and flavors. The presentation was very good, but left a little something to be desired. We did not order any of the entrees as we really do enjoy trying several smaller dishes than be filled up on just the one. We thought of trying their dessert next. While settling on the easy was tempting, we decided to give a try to a dessert our server recommended: the Mango Tiramisu. We were glad that we tried it, but only in a way that you are glad to find out what not to get the next time. There was too much sliced mango in there, and it was oddly crunchy in texture. As someone who grew up eating what are fondly called the best Mangoes in the world, I can attest to the creamy and rich flavor and texture that this king of fruit is most famous for. That texture, among other basics, was lacking in this Tiramisu. It was served in a large, white creme brulee dish and It looked and tasted like custard more than like Tiramisu. The place was abuzz. We were seated at a table for 2 just inches away from other diners in what was a very large dining room with ultra high ceilings and a large bar at one end. The crowd was a mix of families with kids. This really surprised me (just how many kids, infants and babies there were around us.) Not that there's anything wrong with it, but I gathered the place had a reputation for being a date place. Something to think about for when we have kids of our own, I guess. Would I go there again? Probably not. There are far too many gems out there waiting and deserving to be discovered. The food won't bring me back, the not entirely chilled beer won't either and as for their service, that was the only shining star of the entire evening.
