I dined here on the last Tuesday before the end of August because I had a coupon that would expire! It was 2 dinners for the price of one. What a steal! I think the dinner is almost $50 a person. My date and I had reservations but got there a little earlier. While they tried to seat us right away, we wandered off to the bar where I had a weak mojito. It didn't take us long to get seated and we immediately hit the salad bar. I really loved their signature wild mushroom & truffle risotto. It was so rich, creamy, and delicious! They had a very interesting spread of food for their buffet, from oysters on the half shell to sushi to a variety of cheeses. I also love artichoke hearts! Once we sat down, the served us these little flaky rolls with a really soft and gooey center. They were so delicious that I could eat them all night. I didn't think it was cheese inside but I guess it was! It was always so gooey even when cold and just didn't taste like cheese to me. Throughout the night, the servers kept dropping off small plates of food like rice, plantains, beans, spinach artichoke dip... Then came the meats regardless of whether you had the token on "Yes, please" or "No, thank you". I particularly liked the ribeye and filet mignon. I'm not a big meat eater nor a big eater in general but I managed to have a small taste of everything and boy was I stuffed! So much meat! Their service was fabulous. Whatever you wanted, you got. At the end of the night, I still had not tried the pineapple because they never came by our table. One of the managers came by and asked how everything was. I said I never tried the pineapple and my date wanted more shrimp. Next thing I know we are surrounded by gauchos. It was also at the same moment we asked our waiter to take our picture. The gauchos also posed in our photo with knives in hand looking like it was above our heads as we were seated. Very funny! We didn't order wine but I saw how cool the decanter was because many surrounding tables ordered a bottle of wine. It had a glass ball in the center and a valve at the bottom to dispense the wine. One thing I didn't like was that the live band was too loud. It was too hard to have a conversation and I felt my heart thumping the whole time.
