I have been here twice now and both times were after looking at zoo lights in the freezing cold so needless to say I think this place is warm and cozy haha ! This coziness is also due to the fact that Grunt's is the most crowded restaurant I have ever been in, reminisent of commuting on the CTA durring peak rush, ick. I am not exaggerating at all, I saw a line form outside of the spinning door because once you get in the door and spin to the inside there is no where for you to get out of the way and stand, its actually kinda dangerous if you think about it but I guess that's the risk you take for one of Grunt's self proclaimed world famous burgers or a trip to their salad bar. We have always had reservations and I have a feeling it is impossible to get in if you do not so just do your self a favor and make one. Grunts seems to have been a Chicago staple for forever so apparently everyone thinks dealing with the crowd is worth it. The walls here are adorned with hundreds of photos of celebrities who have graced Grunts with their presence in the past and Grunt's itself describes its decor on its website as 'music and decor still firmly stuck in the 60's - 70's'. Grunts has a salad bar that is hands down one of the best you will see anywhere; they offer soups, fruit with an amazing cream cheese chocolate chip dip, loads of fresh veggies and plenty of pasta and potato salad options. Grunts also offers the a Temperature Soup Thermometer where you can add a soup of the day to your entree for the price of the temperature outside that day: example, it was 22 yesterday so your soup would be 22cents ! Can't beat that espeically since we are lucky enough to live in the frigid mid-west! On this trip to Grunts I decided to stand out from all the women I went with who ordered the salad bar and I joined the men in our group in opting for a burger and let me tell you it was well worth the wait and calories. I had the peppercorn burger and it was AMAZING. It was a peppercorn in crusted burger topped with blue cheese, friend onions, lettuce and tomato, and boy was it nice a sloppy, unfortunately though the bottom bun was soggy which is a huge burger no no but the taste was so fabulous I cant' really complain. The fries are thin and crispy and served with sharing in mind I assume since there are enough to feed a small country, though now that I am looking at the menu I seemed to have missed my scoop of creamy coleslaw, bummer, but lets be honest after eating the entire delicious burger I didn't really have room anyways! We valeted our car and I would recommend the same to anyone heading down this way since parking can be scarce in this area. Grunt's offers great food if your live in the area or are visiting the zoo for the day but it is out of the way if this is not the case and make sure to leave your personal bubble at home because you are going to be quite close to a lot of strangers while you dine.
