Once again, it's time for the "Fat American Can't Figure Out Foreign Cuisines" show! Today, we're returning to Greece - the Island regions in particular, because I've just been to the Greek Islands Restaurant for a lovely dinner! I had a relative from back home who sent me a notice that he'd be in town randomly and would like to have dinner with me and Char O. - when I asked what kind of food he was looking to have, he told me that people had been suggesting Greektown to him, so that's where he wanted to go. Well, I know OF most of the staple restaurants in G-town, thanks to spending several years right near the Halsted bus line. After much deliberation, I decided on this place, since I'd never been there before and it looked to have a better overall rating than the places I HAVE been to. I made a reservation for later that evening - they said it might be a few minutes of a wait when we got in, but it's better to have the reservation. We met up right on time, and were shown to our tables straight away, so that was nice. I do have to mention, they for some reason try and upsell those bottled sodas - even though the fountain ones are cheaper and come with refills. Be wary - get the fountain drinks. They may not be too speedy about getting you those refills, but they exist and are free. Since we're obviously not Greek, and not experts on the food, I figured the best course of action would be for us all to do the "Family-Style Dinners" for two or more people. My uncle opted for a "Create a Combo", but Char and I did the family-style. First out was the Saganaki - flaming cheese with a bit of an "OPA!" flare. The three of us split everything appetizer-wise, and even my uncle (who claims not to really like Saganaki) said the cheese tasted really good. With our meal, we had a choice of three food items I couldn't pronounce (Taramosalata, Melitzanosalata and Scordalia), so I glanced around the menu and quickly chose Taramosalata. For those of you who, like me, have no clue what that is, it's "Considered Greek caviar, this is a blend of cod roe with potatoes, onions and olive oil." Eaten on the free bread they brought to the table (since they didn't bring anything else with which to eat it), it was incredibly delicious. I made the right choice. They also brought out Gyros, but only in the sense of a plate with slices of delicious meat with onions, and a plate with tzatziki. I thought they would have brought out some pita bread or something. We wound up just picking up meat slices, spreading some tzatziki on top and eating them just like that. Felt weird, but tasted awesome nonetheless. We also were given a salad. Which, as anyone who knows John Pinette will agree, is a promissory note that real food will soon arrive. Then came the main course, which is where I thought they faltered in their execution. We got to pick four entrees and we chose Sliced Roast Lamb, Pastichio, Dolmades and Keftedes. It comes with a side dish of rice pilaf and potato. I figured it would be like everything else we'd gotten thus far - a lot of big plates that we can all share, family-style. What came to me and Char O. was one plate each with a lump of rice pilaf, a wedge of potato, 3 slices of lamb meat, one square slice of Pastichio (pasta/meat/cheese casserole), one piece of Dolmades (so one grape-leaf wrap with sauce) and one single Keftedes meatball. (Would that be a Dolmad and a Kefted?) The food itself was quite tasty, but when I order four entrees as part of my meal, that should NOT consist of one bite-sized portion (lookin' at you, meatball!) while everything else that was served was quite plentiful. I suppose next time we could consider just ordering all of the items separately and getting multiple REAL entrees, though the price would be at least three times as much per person, so I guess we "got what we paid for". Oh yes, we also got a small plate of desserts. We're not too huge on Greek desserts, since most of them are just combinations of phyllo, nuts and honey, but I have to admit that a stand-out winner on that plate was the Galaktoburiko - phyllo dough filled with a orange and lemon zest custard. Truly wonderful. (We even wound up walking over to the Pan Hellenic bakery down the street to take home some huge portions of Galaktoburiko for later on.) All in all, it's a wonderful place. We were visited many times by our server (and once by a manager) and everyone was very friendly to us and our horrible pronunciation of Greek food items. I just recommend you grab one of the take-out menus on your way TO the table so that during the meal, you can remember what everything is called and what it all contains. I have a feeling that if we ever have any more relatives who stop in and want to try out Greektown, this is the place we'll be bringing them. OPAAAAH!
