I walk by La Pasadita on a daily basis because we are neighbors. But it is a neighbor relationship that has left a bad taste in my mouth (pun completely intended). My first visit was filled with excitement and anticipation of what I surely thought would be a pleasurable palate journey. How could a restaurant that occupies three different buildings within visual distance be a negative experience? My honoree Mexican father recommended that I try a burrito--but he had not been there in ages so I totally excuse his ignorance to what its current state of affairs is in. So, I ordered a carne asada burrito. First off, I will wait for good food but the wait was kind of ridiculous for a burrito and a place that had more staff than customers at the time I went. I normally wouldn't nit pick a Mexican restaurant about their tortilla chips but I would have much rather picked up a bag of tortilla chips from the Mexican grocery store than continue to put the chips they had in my mouth. Then the burrito came out. It was beautiful to the eyes after what seemed to be too long of a wait. Chew... chew...chew... nothing but chewing. The carne was everything I hated about beef--specifically, cheap beef. It lacked the beautiful texture and flavor that traditional carne asada is known for. It almost became unbearable to eat because all I felt like I was eating was tendon-y leather masked with decent guacamole and cheese. The redeeming part of this trip (because I would have given the review a score less than 1) was that they made a mistake on my receipt and they charged me a couple dollars less than the menu price. I still felt like I was overpaying. Out of the goodness of my heart, I always give local businesses a second chance because I come from a family of small business owners. It was lunch hour and I was hungry. The intoxicating food smells from La Pasadita was drawing me in. But I knew now not to get the carne asada so I went for a Chicken burrito to go. I'm not going there for service so I didn't mind that the lady taking my order had a lazy attitude, but I perked up when she asked me if I wanted extra onions and cilantro in my burrito. "Yes," I exclaimed! I paid 9 dollars for the burrito and walked back home which felt like a journey through the Sahara, incredibly hot, and willing to eat anything. I got home, took out a plate, peeled back the foil of my burrito, and began chomping down. The first few bites was only chicken and a bit o' onions. I thought that perhaps I had to get closer to the center to get more yummies. Sure enough I was passed the halfway mark and realized that my burrito was only filled with chicken and chunks of onions. I need not continue anymore because I can no longer spend my energy reminiscing about two horrible food experiences that I paid for with my hard-earned money. La Pasadita is officially on my DO NOT GO list and I would NEVER recommend any of my friends or their friends to go. A place that makes careless mistakes is a place with poor quality food and corner cutting methods. Their two microwaves all of sudden makes that much more sense. REAL Mexican food is cooked with passion, love, and a few good ingredients. My honoree Mexican family would shame me if I thought that a place like La Pasadita actually makes passable Mexican food.
