The Milk and Honey Caf is located in a restaurant row area on Division Street. It has a medium- sized indoor dining room, a street-side outdoor patio, and a bakery on the premises. The dcor is undistinguished. Patrons order their food at a counter and the food is subsequently brought by the wait staff to the diners' tables. A variety of sandwiches, scones/cakes, and a limited selection of breakfast dishes is offered. Being on the lookout for new good eateries and based on the number of favorable online reviews regarding this restaurant, my wife and I thought that we would give it a try for brunch. So on a recent warm Sunday morning, we visited this place. We arrived at about 10:45 a.m. at which time the outdoor patio was almost filled and the indoor dining room was about 70% occupied. We joined a short line waiting to place their orders at the counter. While waiting we were approached by an employee who arranged for us to take an indoor table. He gave us a number and then placed a card bearing our number in a holder on the table.  Subsequently, we placed our order that consisted of the pannini breakfast sandwich for my wife and the huevos rancheros for me. Because of the questions that I asked at the counter, it was obvious that we were first-time customers. However, the woman taking our order did not volunteer any information regarding the ordering and serving procedures or obtaining coffee, water, and utensils. Moreover, she was brusque and impatient, but after awhile I figured out everything. Shortly after seating ourselves, our food was served. I was surprised with the rapidity of the preparation, which should have been a red flag concerning the quality of the food. Sure enough, it was awful! The pannini sandwich filling was soggy and contained bland scrambled eggs, limp bacon, distasteful cheese, and insipid tomato slices. Worse, my huevos rancheros was simply lousy. It was baked in a casserole bowl that had a glop of overcooked inedible cheese on top. The inside was extremely dry and the ingredients (eggs, black beans, and tortilla strips) were bland and unappetizing. Consequently, we left most of the food on our plates. I am guessing that our food, particularly the huevos rancheros, was not prepared to order but rather made in advance and then somehow warmed up. Whatever the case, due to the unpleasant service and bad food, we will not be coming back.
