This was my first experience eating Ethiopian so as well versed as I think my pallet is I had nothing to directly compare the food to. That being said, I knows what I likes and here's my opinion. Food: Good, really good. Well spiced, most of the dishes we ordered (we did a combo platter of 6 different items) had a bit of heat to them and as a lover of spicy food this was right on the mark. A few minor quibbles would be the salmon was slightly overcooked for my liking but that could just be because I generally like my salmon pretty rare, and the injera (bread) was a bit too vinegary for me but this was easily combated by loading each bite with food. Overall though the food was quite good, I particularly liked the lega tibs, special kitfo, and ye-shrimp tibs. Service: Attentive, knowledgeable, we didn't really test the service much but we didn't need to and I would consider that a good thing. The food was a little, and I emphasize little, bit slow to come out but it was a Friday night and we didn't order appetizers so I don't even think I would call this a complaint. Ambiance: I just don't like live music when I'm at a bar or a restaurant, maybe I'm too buttoned up or old fashioned but it's just not my thing. That being said, the music at Demera was actually pretty good, not too loud - which is key for me, and (i presume) authentic. However I really could have done without the dance instruction and MC-ing, I don't like trying to talk over someone who has the advantage of a microphone while I'm dining. Again, I'm probably just an old man, I'm sure it would be enjoyable for others. Outside of that the place is casual, quaint, typical neighborhood place. Value: Phenomenal, prices are unbelievably reasonable and portion sizes ample. The two of us were stuffed at the end of the meal and all for $20 per person INCLUDING tip, and we had one of the more expensive samplers (messob) which included seafood. I need to eat more Ethiopian now to see how Demera holds up but for a first experience I left happy, and full.
