This is my original review, and as a courtesy to the annoying idiot who owns/runs this place, I've pasted his flame below. My Original Review: Maybe this place is good, but I just don't appreciate it because I'm not asian and haven't eaten in many chinese fine dining places - but wait, I am asian, and I've eaten in some of the best chinese restaurants in Singapore, Malaysia and Hong Kong. This place is pathetic. You walk in and you can smell the over-salting of the food that makes everything taste like there's MSG in it (whether there is or not). (and yes, I understand this place claims to be Vietnamese, doesn't make the food any better) On its worst day, any decent local chinese place could cook these guys under the table. They certainly couldn't do worse than the bombastic mediocrity that plagues this pretentious bag of wank. If you have no earthly idea what chinese food is (or japanese, or korean), I'm sure you could have a good time here - the faux decor that keeps this place as a colonial abomination should make you feel completely charmed. Usually undistinguished places, I just forget about, but this place was just the kind of place that makes me want to stab myself in the chest. There should be a big sign outside that says "sham" and "bull." This place was so bad, it almost convinced me you can't get good chinese food anywhere in Chicago - and it's taken me years to recover from the experience. Go there if you want (and if you're gullible), but get ready to poke your eyes (and tongue) out with chopsticks. Business' response (sent to my e-mail address): Well, I have read some uneducated reviews in my life, but this takes the cake. I feel compelled to respond if for none other than for humor sake. First, your first words are that, "this place is good". The next paragraph states, " this place is pathetic".....Which is it? Then, and this one is good,..... "When you walk in you smell the over-salting of the food" I have never smelled, "over-salting" of food. What exactly does this smell like? I've been in the business my entire life and I've never heard anything like this. Clearly there is no MSG in our food and clearly you aren't familiar with Vietnamese food in the least. I'm pretty sure you are Chinese and proud of your culture. That's great, but since we are not a Chinese restaurant (which you seem confused about) you should probably not compare us to your local Chinese spot that can cook us under the table. And, you really threw me off again with, "If you have no earthly idea what Chinese food is, you will have a good time here". ???? Hello... We are not CHINESE and we are NOT a CHINESE restaurant. Now how about the faux dcor?? Are you referring to the French Moroccan floor tiles, the live plants flown in every 8 weeks from Florida, the historical shutters and hardware made by the same company that re-built the Statue of Liberty and the MOMA in NY? Wow are you hopeless! I have never responded to a review like this I my life. I'm fairly certain I never will again. However, I just had to respond to this, the most ignorant, uneducated, moronic review I have ever read. You are a pretentious uneducated bag of wank and should probably steer clear of restaurants that are not Chinese. I can only imagine what you would think of an Italian restaurant that doesn't have soy sauce for the pasta. Go back to school!
