A unique approach to fine dining in a casual, hip setting. The popcorn they give to start is absolutely delicious! It is a great idea so that you don't fill up on bread and well it's just something different! I started with sweet potato soup that was poured over a garlic marshmallow... yes let me repeat myself a garlic marshmallow, chipolte chutney and corn nuts ( I did say it was unique remember)! Absolutely amazing. I followed that with the Rissotto, which was cooked perfectly. It has apples, carmalized onions, bacon and ready get this cheez-it's in it! How fun is that? It totally worked too! It was like a party in my mouth! For dessert make sure you get the flourless chocolate cake!!!! HOLY CRAP!!! There was the chocolate cake pieces which was paired with sweet and salty pecans, butterscotch briittle, cocoa brittle, pistachio gelato and some sort of a yogurt ice cream. Hands down my new favorite dessert. I will go back for just that and a cocktail (which are also delicious by the way). My husband really enjoyed all of his food as well. He started with the duck confit, which he said was just absolutely incredible! It was done very differently....the duck was stuffed into tissue paper ravioli. For his entree he had the squab. It was a really NEAT take on a Thanksgiving dinner. For his dessert he had a take on a pumpkin pie. Which was very, very good. Not as good as my chocolate cake though!!! ;) I would certainly recommend this place to anyone who is in the mood for some creative delicious food. Now I'm not so sure where a previous reviewer ate, but I only saw ONE thing on the menu that had foam. And while everything but one of my husbands dishes were "deconstructed", not one single one of mine was. It's a fun experience. It's pretty and artsy( which I think is half the fun of fine dining).....but absolutely delicious at the same time. You can have the experience of fine dining food but in a casual laid back atmosphere. I was completely comfortable in my jeans but I also would have been completely comfortable in my little black dress. If you want to try something different, delicious and artsy give it ago. You won't be disappointed as long as you understand ahead of time the concept. :) LOVE IT, LOVE IT, LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!
