As George Takei would say, OH MY! What a fantastic spot for brunch. Several hours later, I am still thinking about how good the food was. Thank god for OpenTable. I made an 11:30 reservation and I am very thankful I did. It was very busy, but not impossible to get a table if you didn't have a reservation. We were seated 20 minutes early. Awesome. I was a little nervous at first because we sat at one of the communal tables, but the space was adequate for both my girlfriend and I. We were promptly greeted by the waiter and who quickly got our drink order. Just went with coffee this time, but need to come back and try the Bloody Mary. We ordered: Omelette with pork belly, cheese, and artichokes Country Ham Schnitzel with fried eggs Spicy Pork Rinds Maple Braised Bacon Everything was wonderful. The schnitzel was fried perfectly. Combined with the the eggs and the stone mustard-y sauce on the bottom, it was just awesome. The Omelette was very rich tasting from the cheshire cheese. the pork belly was crumbled on top of the omelette instead of being placed inside, but it was so crisp and only added to the flavor. Maybe a little overpriced for being a glorified bacon and eggs dish, but you only live once. The pork rinds were excellent. I'll have to admit, I've never had pork rinds before, but thanks to the number of reviews here, I tried and loved them. They could've used more spice to them. They had a more cheese flavor to them instead of spicy. The maple braised bacon was out of this world good. Perfect balance between crispiness and fat; maple and bacon flavors. The decor and ambiance is really neat. The tables for 4 in what look like stables almost was pretty neat. I might not necessarily recommend the place for a first date spot as you might get stuck at the communal tables but overall there is a good vibe there. I would've liked to have been seated where I could've seen the open kitchen a bit more. From what I saw, it was well run, clean, and organized.  Overall, fantastic. I really want to come back here for both brunch and dinner.
