The Yelp nation might think that I am the equivalent of a crotchety and picky old man. It has been eight months since I have given anything at least four stars, but Glenn's graciously breaks the cycle. Came here with a buddy of mine for a very late lunch (~3:30PM) on a Saturday before meeting friends in the DePaul area for a street fest. At this time you would expect the place to be practically empty at the weird lull part of the day in between lunch and dinner. But nope Glenn's was 75% capacity and overhearing the waitstaff, they were worried about clearing some more tables for 4:30 PM reservations. I have not even looked at their menu yet, but already I was thinking that this must be some sort of an exceptional diner to be eating at that has reservations in the first place, much less trendy enough to be taking such early Saturday dinner reservations. Regardless I hope the trend continues. I finally took a glance at the menu which is on the sidewall upon a huge chalkboard. After reading upon from previous yelp reviews and watching Guy Fieri, I needed to try at least one dish of the seafood list on that big black board, even though I wanted a caesar salad. But I truly could get a salad at Whole Foods, so I got the Marlin with jerk spices and a cup of their New England clam chowder. Ok, as radical as this sounds, I propose to the food nation that we officially drop the "New England" name from this soup and switch it to "Glenn's". After spending a weekend last fall in the New England states for some ridiculously bland chowder, I thought that the NorthEast forgot to even make it correctly. Glenn brings it back with such a tingly spicy cream base FILLED to the brim with whole clammy critters. We must consider the proposal for "Glenn's Clam Chowder".... After starting out with that tasty concoction out comes my jerk marlin. The glorious fish is liberally dosed not in jerk sauce, but fresh all spice, cinnamon, clove, and scotch bonnet pepper. Accompanying was this tasty rum pineapple sauce on the side which was really good, but looked a weird pink as if it was a cup of pepto bismol. The fish flesh had more than enough taste in it and this side dip was not needed for my palette. All seafood orders come with a small potato pancake filled with a subtle taste of chive and sour cream which danced on my taste buds. Bring more of those please... My buddy's bacon, mushroom, sherry cream Sturgeon sounded promising, but then again was a little bland when I tried it myself (loses 0.5 star). As I said before I have a picky tongue. Also for not being to capacity we only saw our waiter twice while we were there for 90 mins (another 0.5 star deduction) Regardless this East German judge must break his mold and give this Nouveau American Diner high praise (4 stars)
