Yes, it is absolutely worth it. Dining at Alinea is not so much a meal, as it is a completely captivating experience in which the act of eating is unequivocally transformed. There are moments of disbelief interspersed with instances of revelation, leaving you with a jumble of incredulous memories composed of a myriad of fantastic sights, smells, and tastes. The two tasting menu options have now been replaced with a single 21 dish tasting for $185, keeping in mind that some of these 21 "dishes" are a small plate that may arrive with 2 or 3 others to be served together as a single course, for a total of 16 courses. The wine pairings are offered inconspicuously for a mere additional "three quarters" of the price of the tasting. The flavours are amazing. Delicate spheres of sherry explode with each mouthful, its sweetness cutting into the richness of the freeze-dried pea puree, interspersed with the savoury highlights of powdered Iberico ham. The intensity of the tomato dish blew my mind - it is hard to believe that each tomato was simply blanched and dressed with only olive oil, salt and pepper, and still able to produce a natural depth of flavour that I often associate with hours of braising or meticulous reduction. The play and exposition of flavour profiles also produced spectacular results. King crab and plum became the basis of a three-dish course, each revealed in turn after the completion of the former. The essential components remained evident and undisturbed, but the course flowed smoothly from a cold king crab and buttermilk parfait with chervil juice; to a crisp salad of king crab with fennel, plum, and bean sprouts; and then finishing off with a lush, piping gratin of king crab, punctuated perfectly with a delightful star anise encapsulation. And if you have any predilection for truffles, you will not be disappointed. The classic hot potato dish still remains topped with the largest slice of black truffle I will probably ever eat in one mouthful, and the black truffle "explosion" will literally stop you in your tracks. Heed the waiter's warning to eat the delicate ravioli in one go, as there is no room for regret if you spill even one drop of the most intense, jaw dropping truffle broth that literally explodes in your mouth and simply overwhelms all your senses with pure deliciousness. Playful themes that engage and delight will continue to meet you at every turn throughout the night. Deconstructions and re-interpretations of classic cocktails start off the meal. South-east Asian flavours will meet you in their presentations of pork belly wraps and shrimp. A shout out to Escoffier makes an entrance, accompanied with period-appropriate placings and cutlery, and a splash of red wine to complete the picture.  Nothing happens by accident, as every moment is conceived and carried out to a tee. Granted, this does require the omnipresent hovering of wait staff which does make you feel watched at every moment (which you are), but it does serve the purpose of making sure that you have the most perfectly executed meal you could hope for. Service is so catered to making sure you are happy that we were given complimentary cocktails simply because the bottle of white we ordered was not immediately available and had to be chilled (we promptly received our bottle only about 2 courses after we received our cocktails!). I am tempted to go on and on, but the degree of detail, thoughtfulness, and creativity (and of course, deliciousness!) is simply something you have to try for yourself. A meal at Alinea is absolutely worth it, and will be unlike anything else you will have ever experienced. And yes, I saved my 100th review for Alinea. : )
