I've been to Brazilian BBQ ...in Brazil as well as other places in California but I wanted to try out a steakhouse with my classmates during a PT conference we had. So after 70 bucks I'd have to say, "Pretty damn good". Service was excellent, deserved 15 thousand stars. We got Katie, a sweet blonde girl that not only was an excellent waitress but also gave us directions and suggested different kinds of things to do in Chicago since we were all visiting from California. Not only was she really sweet, the servers coming around with delicious, delicious meat were super nice as well. I've been to quite a few churrascarias and I think that this place is one of the best I've been to. None of the meat was overcooked and they even had the option of me getting some really rare pieces (I asked for it..and it's the BEST) Not only that, everything I had was actually REALLY good. Of course the picanha is my favorite (it always is) but I think my 2nd favorite was the garlic flank and the lamb flank. Actually, all the lamb meats were excellent and I even had to get a few lamb chops. (yes, i'm a glutton) I'd also like to comment that their hot bar and cold bar is one of the best i've been to. Goat cheese w/ orange marmalade on toasted bread? YUM. grilled provolone cheese? HELLS yeah. fresh mozzarella with cherry and yellow pear tomatoes? DROOOOOLLLLL. Seriously...best cold/hot bar ever. They have a 2 story wine cellar so they do all these aerial tricks while they get the wine bottles so that's some entertainment. Also, this place is fuckin' huge. 2 stories, huge floor space, plenty of room while waiting and at the bar... huge. If you're on yelp trying to find a brazilian bbq place to go to, look no further. This is the joint. I've been to Fogo de Chao in Beverly Hills and their salad bar is not as good as this one and I always got overdone meat. And Texas de Brazil's sausages are a million times tastier. The ONLY reason why it has 4 stars instead of 5 is because they don't have chicken hearts or roasted pineapple like other places do..but then again neither does fogo de chao. Also: try the desserts - coconut cream pie, key lime pie, chocolate mouuse cake, papaya cream and the flan were ALL delicious, and the size is huge. And yes, every single person in our party ordered a dessert.
