Wow, what a beautiful restaurant. I've been wanting to eat here since I read about it two years ago in some magazine. After many talks about possibly going to Chicago for this much awaited event, the opportunity finally arose for us to go and experience the much anticipated Alinea. We called a comfortable two months beforehand to set our reservation and were all set for a 9:30 pm dinner, just one day after we ate at another molecular gastronomy joint, Moto (review coming). We took a cab from out hotel to this fairly non-descript restaurant, almost missing it on the way. As you open the door, all you see is a thin corridor. As we walked forward hesitantly, the automatic metal door on the left opens to reveal the interior of this carefully thought out restaurant. The pristine kitchen is on the right. You are able to peak in and see the chefs working their magic. We were seated upstairs, right next to a group of four that we saw the previous night at Moto. No recognition was exchanged, but crazy that we would see another group eating at these two restaurants back to back as well. There is no menu here, just a wine list. You are at the mercy of the chefs. What they create, you eat. We ordered the full tour menu, no allergies... we were ready to get this started. As the waiters deftly moved around the dining room, preparing their guests for their next entree, our waiter placed a small silver circular plate in front of each of us. We looked at it intently trying to figure out what to do with it. We didn't have long to wonder as the waiter placed a wire instrument with a vanilla bean in the center. These surprises would continue the rest of the night as we took our adventure on the Tour Menu: 1- Steelhead Roe - coconut, cilantro, vanilla fragrance 2- Lemongrass - oyster, sesame, yuzu 3- Tomato - basil, mozzarella, olive oil 4- Cauliflower - five coatings, three gels, apple 5- Yuba - shrimp, miso, togarashi 6- Chicken liver - bacon, caramelized onion, vin santo 7- Watermelon - fresh coriander, tamari, bonito 8- Oxalis pod - sweet, hot, sour, salty 9- Short rib - guinness, peanut, fried broccoli 10- Hot potato - cold potato, black truffle, butter 11- Lamb - potato, sunflower, sweet spice 12- Concord grape - yogurt, mint, long pepper 13- Transparency - of raspberry, rose petal, yogurt 14- Cobia - tobacco, radish, cedarwood 15- Celery - pork belly, shiso, sudachi 16- Alaskan king crab - popcorn, butter, curry 17- Wagyu beef - maitake, smoked date, Blis Elixir 18- Black truffle - explosion, romaine, parmesan 19- Duck - foie gras, mole flavors 20- Bacon - butterscotch, apple, thyme 21- Strawberry - violet, nicoise olive 22- Dry shot - pineapple, rum, cilantro 23- Pumpkin - gruyere, Blis maple syrup, smoke 24- Chocolate - fig, olive, pine 25- Dry caramel - salt Many hits and very few misses. I wouldn't even say miss, more like just not my taste. Everything looked beautiful and the service was spot on. My favorite dish of the night was the Hot Potato-Cold Potato. But the most beautiful dish of the night was the Short rib with guinness. I would love to return if I am ever back in Chicago. I think it blew away my dinner the previous night at Moto. Well deserved as one of the best restaurants in America.
