After having had the fortunate experience of dining at Le Colonial one recent Friday evening I thought I would see what other people were saying about the restaurant on Yelp. I have to say that I was somewhat surprised that a couple recent reviews were less than positive and must stress they are completely out of line with my experience. As a young professional who enjoys an exciting culinary experience when I go out to eat, I typically look for restaurants that do not fit the Downtown Chicago overly touristy bill, Le Colonial certainly delivers on that aspect. From the moment that I made reservations for my partner and I to dine at Le Colonial my experience with the restaurant and its staff was nothing short of spectacular. The person whom I spoke to on the phone was very accommodating as I was asking to make reservations on somewhat short notice they were able to accommodate us. Upon arriving at the restaurant my partner and I were completely consumed with the beauty of the room as well as the intoxicating smell of the food that we were about to order. We were promptly taken to the table and not just any old table, where we were seated was probably the most fantastic table in the entire restaurant as it was in the center of their large bay window that looks out onto Rush Street. We were seated just long enough to settle in and enjoy the view for a moment when we were greeted by one of the managers of the restaurant, Amy Myers, she explained that the servers were in a transition of one leaving and one arriving but she would be happy to get us a drink in the interim. Not being quite sure what was the best choice for wine by the glass we left the decision making to her and she did not disappoint I had a lovely white wine which I enjoyed and my partner had a red that we have since ordered a case of to enjoy at home. When she had gone to get our drinks my partner and I discussed that being unfamiliar with French Colonial Vietnamese food that we would seek Amy's advice on a couple of appetizers to share when she returned with our wine. Once again she did not disappoint she recommended two of the appetizers which she said were her favorites, both of which were absolutely delicious. By the point that we finished our appetizers the new shift of servers had arrived and several of them had checked on us to make sure that we had everything that we could need. We decided after having enjoyed the wine and appetizers we would share an entre lest we stuff ourselves and later regret having eaten too much. The entre recommended by our waiter was the Ga Xao Xa Ot (#41 which is easier to remember). The lemongrass chicken with Portobello mushrooms was so delicious we both wished we had ordered our own instead of having decided to share. The concise version of this lengthy review is that Amy Myers and her team deserve an A+++ for the service and attention to detail as well as their knowledge of both the wine list and the menu. Based on our experience at Le Colonial we will return frequently and plan to entertain there when we have out of town guests due to the beautiful environment, attentive service and delicious food.
