i'm breaking up with this hotel. we had a really good thing going for a while. it was my back up when the westin on michigan ave was full. when you travel as much as i do, you've gotta have a plan B. so we had a few really good nights together. i asked for exactly what i wanted and the staff would always accomodate me. i paid they provided service...nothing outrageous. well, the last time i stayed at this multiple personality pensione, they may have been trying to break up with me actually. i think they were caught off guard cuz i showed up with my 3 offspring and all this homemade italian food in shopping bags which i needed to quickly deliver to my sister. maybe they thought we were a family on the run and they wanted no part of it. instead of checking us in they told me they had no record of my reservation. excuse me, come again, i beg your friggin pardon. that's fine if you are stupid, i understand not everyone is born with the most useful set of DNA, but come on, i have a confirmation number. so rather than stare at me like you have no idea what to do, just give me a room now so i can unload my crap and get a cab to deliver the now overdue food. have you ever tried discussing your rights with an idiot? it just doesn't work. they don't know the standard rhythm for this sort of thing. since i was already dealing with the manager, there was really nowhere to go but out on the street. i finally convinced her disclose their clearly defunct system for online reservations and found the obvious error. your online reservation is not actually a done deal when you reserve online. what?! you mean to tell me if i make a reservation using the website i can't be gauranteed the room i was just confirmed to have been charged for. yes, that's right folks, you read it correctly. allegedly, they look at all the online reservations a few times per day so if you happen to have made your reservation after the last time they checked and show up before the next time they check, they actually have no idea why you would be standing at their front desk expecting lodging. hmm, i wonder if they've ever heard of this new fangled thing called real-time scheduling. the manager could not have been any more rude, obnoxious, or just plain dumb if she tried.  but finally i did convince her to maybe just to humor me, check the online reservation log and update the reservation file in front of her and lo and behold she found our name. but the fun didn't end there. my car which i left out front in a line to be taken away was still there when we went down to get a cab. their garage was in fact full and they were really sorry but not sorry enough to have a list or directions to any garages that they might have possibly called in advance to make sure there was room and would keep a car overnight. i guess that was my job. so now that i made it through hoop number one and actually won a debate with an idiot to get the keys to my room i had another hoop to maneuver. this could not have sucked more. i ended up having to drive around for 40 minutes before i found a garage that would take my car overnight that wasn't already full. this ended up being a giant pain in the neck. if you ever are forced to stay here and decide to use the internet to make your reservation...you might want to call first to see what time they plan on merging their reservation files and figure out what to do with your car in advance.
