ah, rick bayless, you truly are a shrewd businessman, what with your opening of xoco so close to your top chef masters stint. i applaud you.  i would actually give this place 3 1/2 stars based on my first visit. yelp, you need to let us give 1/2 stars! anyway, it was a saturday lunch, the wait was about 45 minutes, give or take, from waiting in line to ordering. my husband and i ordered the xoco salad w/ pork carnitas, the torta pepito, 3 churros (i think buying 3 is a better deal or something), and classic hot chocolate. the highlight of the meal was the xoco salad. i LOVE this salad and wish i was eating it right now. it was perfectly limey, the tortilla strips gave it a nice crisp, the carnitas were well seasoned, and the best part -- ARUGULA! i love arugula, it's so nutty. our choice of torta, the pepito was just all-right -- while it sounded delicious -- braised shortribs, carmelized onion, jack cheese, black beans, and pickled jalepenos -- it just was not that tasty. not sure why it didn't work, because in theory all those flavors work wonderfully together. next time we'll try the milanesa or the cubano. our batch of churros were also disappointing. maybe it was just sitting out too long, but the texture was too hard for me. when i think churro, i expect crisp outside and soft inside. also, we had one churro left so i wrapped it in a couple of napkins, and stashed it away in my purse for an afternoon snack, and later found a nice churro-shaped oil stain on the lining of my purse. ah, deep fried goodness. the classic hot chocolate is their chocolate with hot water. i figured i'd ordered it because, well, it's "classic". i think i should have ordered one of their hot chocolates w/ milk, like the azteca. the classic was tasty, but i definitely missed the creaminess that i typically love in hot chocolate. also, i don't know if it's a mexican hot choc. thing, but it was also kind of grainy, as if the chocolate pieces didn't quite melt all the way. i'll definitely come back to try out some other tortas & hot chocolates, and DEFINITELY order up that xoco salad again.
