Do you feel vibe? Posh. No, not the Spice Girls. This swanky hotel felt like more of an apartment then a hotel... most of the time anyways. I mean except for the awesome shower, the chocolate covered fortune cookie from housekeeping, the welcome *insert name here* on the television upon checking in, and the breathtaking floor-to-ceiling windows it did feel like I was staying over at a friend's place that happened to live in the city. The room had a studio loft feel and I love the glass in the shower to help open the space up and connect the rooms more. Location is key. Dana has your key... maybe not to your heart but definitely to the heart of the city. The red line is 2 blocks away, yummy eats are all around, and Michigan Ave. is a short stroll down the street. The bar at the top of the building is really cozy and offers decent views of the city the best of which can be taken in at night. The big downfall is that the bar is closed to only hotel guests so you don't really get to talk to any locals and get to know the people that make the city what it is. Breakfast on the first floor however is a much different story. Awesome food to get your day going and on both days that we stayed got to talk to some really great people over morning coffee. I would have given 5 stars for the place alone but the people at the front desk just really irked me. They were the only people there that had a stick up their arse. Different shifts = different people with the same stick. I don't know what all their problems were but I didn't come across one friendly person working that position my whole stay. You are the frontline employee to the customer experience... act like it. *Overall Dana, if you were a person, I see you in stilettos. Like really fashionable ones but ones that you got on a super deal at DSW or something. You're that girl that is cool without trying and everyone hates you because they want to be you but they can't hate you because you're so likeable. Even with the horrible front desk staff, the rest of the people make up for their downfall. Very reasonably priced and very good location. Rating: 4
