I've been going to the Pasta Bowl for about 10 years, off and on. I used to live around the block, so I would get delivery as well as go in. Currently, I live too far away to get delivery, so I just stop in from time to time.  As far as the negative reviews go, I see a lot of "The service sucked this one time. I had a so-so plate of pasta. I thought it was going to be amazing for my 6-10 dollars, and it was only pretty good." Really? Really, people? Do you have a great day every day? Are you absolutely kind to every person you encounter no matter how frustrated you are or how frustrating they are? Are you Ghandi?  Yes, I've had mediocre plates of pasta from the Pasta Bowl before. Even with the same dish. Sometimes that happens. But I'd say, given my longitudinal study of ten years, they've been pretty consistent. Yes, delivery takes a long time as I recall, especially considering I lived around the block. I would plan for that. If they say an hour, and they get there in about an hour, well, that's not really that disappointing, is it? They're busy. I have snacks around the house. I should have gotten my tired butt up and walked in there and then I could have had my food in 15 minutes with no delivery fee. Do I expect it to be "amazing" for 6-10$ an entree? Um, no. Who expects that? I could barely eat at a fast food chain for less than that. I expect it to be good and overall consistent and it is. Is there a lot of fat, salt, and garlic in the pasta dishes there? Yep. It's comfort food, not health food.  Can I bring my parents in for a cheap meal because they always insist on paying and I don't like them to foot a hefty bill, and have a couple of drinks and catch up and have fun and pass our plates of pasta between us? Yep. The Pasta Bowl is "amazing" for what it is, and it's busy every time I go in for a reason. I now work in the industry, and I know the Pasta Bowl is not "gourmet", but every time my parents come to town, they ask to go there, and frankly, at this point, I'd be disappointed if they didn't.
