I think I must have lived in Chicago in a former life because ever since first visiting it in 1995, it has always felt like home to me each time I return and I try & return a lot! Anyway - on to Calo's. I was introduced to this restaurant about 3 years ago by a dear friend who lives in the area and that was my first encounter with little pillows of heaven called Asiago (or Gorgonzola) gnocchi. There are literally not descriptive enough words to describe the flavor sensations provided by those little morsels. To be honest, I didn't notice much about anything else (ambiance, service staff, other food) even though I've been back several times until my last visit on February 20th, 2010. This visit was exceptional in every way. Had a reservation for 8:30 but arrived a little early and spent that time in the bar area, drinking a wonderful tanq10 & tonic and watching the Olympics while chatting with my dinner partner.  I would say the age range of the people there were late 20s to mid 50s and the crowd was a pretty eclectic mix. We were seated maybe 10 minutes after our reservation time but it was extremely crowded that night so I didn't mind. We were seat and our wonderful waiter, Juan, was there almost immediately while the wonderful focaccia bread & fresh french bread was delivered to the table. He was so nice as to show us a plate of one of the specials (my partner is apparently in need of visuals) and took our appetizer order.The steamed mussels in red sauce were DIVINE!!! Hot, tender, tasty, the sauce not overbearing the seafood. We ate every single one and then sopped up the remaining sauce with the bread. YUMMMM!!!!Next came minestrone soup (for my partner) and salad with balsamic vinaigrette for me. Love that the salad comes on a cold plate and the salad was very fresh & crisp and tasty! Partner totally enjoyed the soup. Now on to wonderfulness - my pillows of heaven (asiago this time) and lamb chops for my partner. We shared both and both were just amazing in both presentation, taste, temperature, etc.  And last on the list - dessert. Obviously after that big meal, there wasn't room for much else but I need something clean - perfect answer: Italian Lemonade (really a lemon ice). Slightly sweet & tart .. perfecto! Juan, our waiter, was absolutely the best - so attentive, we never had to wait for anything. As I said, it was a really busy night but he managed to keep up with our needs as well as what seemed like a 1/4 of the main restaurant. The manager came over & introduced himself about half way through the main course and inquired how things were. It was my partner's first time there so he got a little more attention. Manager (can't remember his name damnit!) was very nice & actually came over one more time right when we were ready to go.I would recommend this place to anyone that is going to be in the Andersonville area. It's prices are reasonable and the ambience and service as well as the food are worth every penny! Enjoy!
