Finally, worthwhile hype! I hoped to love The Purple Pig and wasn't disappointed. My husband and I stopped in for a late lunch the week after Christmas around 2:30-3:00, and the place was jumping, very crowded, but we were seated right away. It's a really small space and I can't imagine waiting on a busy week or weekend night, especially in the winter when it's too cold to stand outside, but, it's such a cozy and inviting place that I can't imagine that I'd mind. I guess I'll just have to go back and find out. Our waiter explained the menu, expect for the part that the deviled eggs were only available at dinner (BIG SOB), and we proceeded to order everything on the menu. Well, not quite, but we did have quite a lot. We had the Lardo Crostini, White Bait "French Fries of the Sea" with Lemon Aioli, Roasted Bone Marrow with Herbs, Chorizo Stuffed Olives, and, an a la Plancha that was a special of the day, greek sausage. In addition, we had the Truffle Tremor and the Quadrello di Bufala, and yes, we were starving when we got there. Everything was delicious, well-prepared, beautifully presented, and absolutely divinely tasty. My favorite was the roasted bone marrow, which I could have eaten more of. I was tempted to pick up a bone and scoop out any remaining marrow with my finger (or tongue) but didn't want to scare the people sitting next to us. Their wine selection is fantastic, although we stuck with beer. I'll definitely do some pairings on my next visit, which will be soon. As if the experience wasn't perfect from the food alone, the service? Phenomenal! Our waiter was so nice, so pleasant, so helpful, yet without being the least bit hover-y. The best part of the day: I had a horrible attack of raging allergies that day, complete with sneezing, red & watery eyes, coughing, sneezing, stuffy nose, did I mention sneezing? Because I was, about every 2 minutes, which was scaring the bejesus out of the couple next to us, or it was until I assured them it was allergies and not Ebola. Our waiter brought me a HUGE pile of bar napkins for my sniffles, and the host brought me a box of kleenex..love them!! Such thoughtfulness goes a long way with me, and it made our experience 10x better.
