I was so excited to try this place after seeing it praised in Chicago magazine and reading the endless good reviews online. It definitely lived up to the hype, although I didn't quite think it deserved 5 stars, but I'd like to give it 4 and a half if Yelp allowed half stars! My party consisted of 5 ladies on a Friday night. I knew they didn't take reservations, so I wanted to get there as early as possible to get my name in. We were able to get our name in at about 6:30pm and to my surprise the hostess said it would be a 60-90 wait (I expected much longer). It ended up being just over an hour wait and during that time we had a small area at the bar to hang out and have some drinks. They will also let you go to Beviamo across the street to wait and then call you when your table is ready. Atmosphere: Lively, yet casual and very approachable.  The patrons were a mix of young and old, couples and groups. The decor is very welcoming and warm. I loved some of the humorous signs on the wall! Service: Our server was knowledgeable and patient with us in our questions and requests. For the most part he made excellent recommendations when asked! Price: Not bad! You can get a decent bottle of wine for around $30 and most of the sharable plates are less than $15.  Food: I love sharable plate menus because you are able to try a large variety of stuff. Everything on Davanti's menu is meant to be shared, but some things you won't want to share! For instance, the mascarpone polenta with ragu of the day was simply amazing. We ended up ordering 2 boards of it because we just couldn't get enough! The night we were there it was a pork shoulder ragu, but I want to go back every night to try all the different ones! Another crowd pleaser in our group was the truffle egg toast, which was rich and savory and so unique and different. We also really enjoyed the perfectly cooked halibut dish and the risotto carbonara! The couple items that we weren't impressed with was the truffle mushroom pizza...it was good, just didn't wow us, nothing special. Also, I wouldn't order the giant ravioli again. It was just one not very giant ravioli, so each of us got one tiny bite of it. For $9 I would have expected more, and with the other menu items we got it was definitely worth the price, so not sure what happened with the ravioli! For dessert we got the cannoli sundae, which was so-so and the torta bacio which was awesome...very decadent and not just your average chocolate mousse! I really enjoyed this place a lot and would love to come back again. There are a lot more things on the menu that I'd like to try. If you're craving Italian, but want to switch it up a bit, go try Davanti Enoteca for a modern, rustic take on your Italian favorites!
