This unassuming, out-of-the-way spot on Michigan avenue caught my friends and I all by surprise. We are all already on a purple high as we prepare for purple weekend in Vegas and we run into this gem. Inconspicuously placed behind the Verizon store, the out-of-the-way venue lends to the explorer in you except you don't have to be that good to spot it since the big arch emblazoned with it's name catches your attention as you walk by. Oh wait, you have to turn your head to see it. I wasn't expecting anything being that this was my first trip to the Windy City. We just had a great time at the Cubs game sitting in a 97 year old historical venue. Anything else is icing on the cake or, in this case, bone marrow on the bruschetta. We were told our wait would be 30 minutes. Whatever. It was a restaurant with the name purple in it and we had to eat there at any cost. A couple friends take advantage of the wait time to go back to their rooms to drop off some shopping packages. 5 minutes after they left, the hostess comes out to tell us their getting our table ready and we should be seated in a few minutes. Nice. Just as we were told, we were seated within 5 more minutes after the hostess tells us. We make our way in and the place is cozy. I wouldn't say tight because it didn't seem like anyone was inconvenienced from being in such close proximity. Looked like a few board room sized tables were taking up most of the space. Surprisingly, we were seated at one of these board room tables. Nice, high tables. Not sure if this brings the child/toddler out in me but I love sitting in high tables where I can dangle my feet. So not only are we at the table but we're at the table with complete strangers...HUH?! In a society caught up in privacy and personal space, this was strange. Turned out not to be so bad. After looking over the menu and not really knowing what to order, we're finally approached by Darma. So Joanne (Elite Yelper in tow) asks her for recommendations of the place. It was over. Darma was sooooo enthusiastic and passionate about giving us the run down, I felt like a proud father listening to my son regurgitate the Boy Scout creed by memory. EVERYTHING Darma said sound FANTASTIC!! I swear she said Kitchen Sink and I drooled a little. The whole presentation was about, I swear, 10 or 15 minutes! We make some decisions and the order is placed. Our friends that dropped their packages off return and Reg sits at the end near the door where Darma returned to greet them and promptly scolds them for being late and missing the presentation. Yup, Reg got an earful. Darma made him go to the corner but the cone shaped hat was too small so he was allowed to return to our table. The food was all served tapas style as Darma explained. A nice change from engorging yourself with a plate full of food or too little food for the sake of presentation. Each of the dishes were as advertised. I've had pig ears before but the mixture of it with an egg, krispy kale and the peppers were magnificent (Magnificent Mile?). We also had 2 servings of bone marrow and bruschetta that were just phenomenal. Something that good should not be bad for you. Wagyu tips were tasty and didn't last too long. It's been a few weeks since we've been there so I'm sure I missed some other dishes but those were the highlights. It's a very casual yet refined dining spot to sit with friends and catch up, gossip or just shoot the ish. The food was excellent but I was more taken back by how passionate Darma was. As an aspiring chef, I'm sure I'll be seeing her on FoodTV sometime or running her own restaurant in San Diego (right, Darma?!). The experience was great, the food was better but everything mixed together with the best group of friends ever was priceless.
