I think two stars is a bit generous, even. Some of the flavors were ok, but EVERYTHING else about the place was in serious opposition to the hype. As others have noted, small plate Italian is a bit of an oxymoron, but I overlooked it in light of the retail wine prices. Got a pretty good bottle of barolo for less than half what it would cost elsewhere. But from that point forward it was downhill.  Not a fan of the high-top tables near the bar/kitchen. It's not easy to relax with a bottle of wine and some rustic food on a sunday evening when you're teetering 3 feet off the floor. And if you order a formaggi/salumi board, it takes up the entire tiny table, leaving little room for sharing plates, wine glasses etc. Our server was pretty clueless; asked us if we'd been there before, we responded that we hadn't, and she still let us order a single serving of cheese to nibble on while we had our first glass of wine and perused the rest of the menu. Felt pretty silly when a 1 inch square piece of cheese came out for the two of us, then had to call her back to order more, which came out on a different board, further crowding our tiny table. My wife and I proceeded to order a salad, an antipasti, a pasta and a main course to split between the two of us. Each course came out on top of the other, and we even got the pasta before the the antipasti. Our server noticed the terrible timing and was conspicuously absent for almost our entire meal. When queried about the timing, she "explained" that things are served as they come out. So apparently its SOP to serve pasta before anitpasti, despite the name of the course. Each of the courses was mildly inventive but each also lacked some basic element, either being over seasoned (the swordfish), overcooked (the linguini), under-utensiled (no knife for the cheese board) or under explained (the truffle egg toast). I could have liked everything but not under the conditions offered by the staff. Speaking of, they constantly harassed us about taking away "finished" plates. The one thing I wish they had taken away was the dirty sharing plate that I used for all four courses without them changing out for me. it felt, in conjunction w/ the no reservations policy, that the whole point was to get you in and out as quickly as possible. you'd think they'd want to encourage people that order a bottle of wine that retails at $50 to stick around for awhile, and maybe come back. But as Tom Colicchio said on Top Chef last week, people come for the food, but they come back for the service. And the food was not good enough to come back for, that's for sure. Flavors were decent though slightly underdeveloped, but the service and staff need a major dose of basic restaurant training to prevent this place from being another flash in the pan.
