I LOVE Brazilian cooking, and this place does it right! Terrific in every way! Before eating, we had wine at the bar and had a wonderful conversation with the head barman, Christian. Christian really knows his stuff, is warm and personable, and made us feel like the most important people in the world. He taught me some things about single malt scotches and elevated my taste in what to look for while also introducing me to using a "scotch ball" for making the ice for my single malt scotch. He was the kind of person that a customer rarely finds and is the kind of person whose passion for his work makes him a valuable asset to the place where he works. I think our chat with him was a highlight of our week in Chicago. I don't get a chance to eat at Brazilian restaurants very often because there are not too many around and also because I can't usually eat as much food as I know I will get at a Brazilian restaurant, but when I do go there, it is always a treat and Brazzaz was simply great. The salad bar was rich in choices ranging from the lettuce of a make your own salad to the Brazilian Potato Salad and offering 50 or 70 other items as well. Every one of the items I selected for myself was different from the ones my wife chose and both of us kept saying the same thing with every bite, "Mmmmm! This is great." And it was, too. After the stuffing of salads, we got the main courses. Anyone who has ever eaten Brazilian knows how it goes and anyone who hasn't is in in for a treat. As the main course, a waiter brings a few side dishes, in this case some great mashed potatoes and some fried bananas while other waiters wander around carrying great slabs of every kind of meat imaginable, offering you a little of each. I had bacon wrapped chicken, bacon wrapped filet mignon, roast lamb, shrimp, top sirloin, spare ribs, and roast pork before crying for mercy and not ordering any more---but I could have. Each and every meat was wonderful, I got a nice sized portion of each, and I would have been happy to have any one as a full entre. The service was impeccable and the entire evening was wonderful.
