I went to Lockdown with some friends on a Thursday night. It's small in a cozy sort of way, with an industrial decor. There were flat panel televisions everywhere an every other TV alternated concert footage and the Chicago Blackhawks game (with closed captioning, no less). It's not very large and filled up as the night went on, but if you're here between 6 and 9 you shouldn't have trouble getting a table or a seat at the bar. Waitstaff was efficient but not particularly welcoming, but the manager was attentive to service and jumped in when the others were pressured. He seemed very professional and I was impressed with his ability and demeanor. The special that night was 1/2 price drafts and they have a wide variety of microbrew options to take advantage of. Still, I went for Schlitz -- what can I say, I'm a Philistine. I also opted to order the special burger, which on this night came with bacon, onion strings and hickory BBQ sauce on a pretzel roll. For the side I opted for the french fries. The fries were generous in portion but not very crisp; rather they were a little soggy and stuck together, sort of like you get at a south-side barbeque joint. They were fair. I like a dry, crisp fry; your mileage may vary as some like them that way. The burger was cooked more medium than medium rare but again, generous and good quality. The pretzel roll was fresh and well made and the aforementioned toppings well-balanced. Note that I had asked for the lettuce, red onion and tomato accompaniment, but never received it. No big deal as the burger was still good without and I'd like to point out I did not mention it to the server. As an aside, the gentleman next to me had the iceberg wedge with grilled chicken and it looked like a full meal to me. Again, generously portioned but in good balance from the appearance of things. I had wondered about ordering it before I went here, and if I make a second visit that's what I am going to have. It looked great. You may want to peruse the menu before you come here as there are many burgers with additional meats on them. That's something I'm not really into as I don't want carnitas on top of my beef patty, but if that's your type of thing this may be a good place for you. That being said, Lockdown has good food and good beer, but I wouldn't say it's anything out of the ordinary unless you're into metal music.
