A friend just moved here and never had deep dish pizza before and I had a GroupOn to Gino's so we decided to give it a try. I guess I didn't expect the long line outside but it seemed to move quickly so we decided to wait. I've been to this particular Gino's before and had deep dish pizza and the group I went with were particularly satisfied. This time when I went it was the total opposite. We waited about 30 min. to be seated which we were fine with. When we were seated we waited about 10 min for a waitress to even offer us water. We had decided not to go with the deep dish since we were starving and it would be a 45 min. wait. Instead, we went with pasta. Bad decision. I got the Lemon Chicken Angel Hair Pasta and my friend got the Pesto. Both were horrible. The pasta looked like it had been cooked in bulk, similar to lunch you'd get at a school cafeteria, but worse. Noodles were overcooked and were swimming in a lake of water or oil. I'd highly recommend NOT getting any of the pasta dishes. In fact, if you go to Gino's you should probably only order the deep dish since that's what they're known for. Our waitress was never around and we ended up getting up ourselves to get boxes. We decided to take our pasta home, drain it out, and make something better with it. I also had a GroupOn and when she said it she said she had to ask me some questions. It took her 10 min or so to come back and ask questions, we were about to just pay the bill and walk out. The staff at the counter weren't that helpful either. She came back just as we were ready to go and asked how often I go to Gino's and if that was the location I went to, I answered yes to both and then she was like, "I forget the rest of the questions so oh well!" So you made us wait 10 or so min for us to sit here so you could forget your questions? Overall, the experience was horrible. Food was bad and so was the service. If I go back the only thing I'd get is the deep dish, and even that, I might just go to the other location on Chicago hoping for a better experience.
