Dear future patron of Alinea, Where do I even begin? Okay, so tickets were booked for Chicago and I called one month in advance to make reservations at Alinea. I got a busy signal for 2 hours straight, but I finally got through and reservations were made. Success! Okay, my party and I got here and nearly missed this place. The outside looked like some type of garage until we saw a small folding sign on the ground that says "Alinea." Bingo! We were taken to our seats. We were the first ones to arrive and it felt really awkward at first because there were so many servers around and they were looking at us. My party didn't really talk much because it would echo off the walls since it was that quiet. After 10-15 minutes more diners showed up...*phew the awkwardness was gone. So here is the dinner in a brief summary: -Very interesting, nothing I have experienced before -Assembling was needed in some dishes -Everything was delicious -Loved the concept -Nifty plating techniques -Delicious foam...yes foam with taste! -Took a shot of the "aquarium" and had a leaf stuck in my windpipe...haha that wasn't fun -The glasses were never half full -Explosion...wow that was something, wished there were more of those -The waitstaff warned us on some foods not to eat with mouth open or it would end up on ourselves or the person across from us (I wonder if anyone really got food on others) -We were also warned not to lick this ice cold lid-thing because apparently someone in the past done it and their tongue got stuck - at least his tongue was stuck to something yummy -The dessert was AMAZING, it was beautifully put together by Chef Grant Achatz himself So how was the experience? Definitely worth hopping on a plane for and planning everything around this 4.5 hour dinner for. Every dish was like Christmas because you don't know what is going to come out next. And as for me I was like a kid, who couldn't wait until Christmas to open my presents - that I broke the rules and opened lids and such when they told me not to. I still remember one of the waitstaff said to me, "You just couldn't have waited 20 seconds huh?" Haha. The whole experience was very interesting and fun. The servers were really friendly and funny, which I thought they would've been more uptight because of how fancy this place was. My party and I had a great time here! Yours truly, A gal with an appetite, who will travel for food P.S. - they are vegetarian friendly too P.P.S. - I've uploaded pictures without captions because I don't want to spoil any surprises P.P.P.S. - *Hut hut* If you hear something that sounds like a football game huddle in the kitchen, it's just Cheft Achatz (think of him as the quarterback) and his team making your dinner. P.P.P.P.S. - Now you're done reading this review, what are you waiting for? Make reservations already!
