The name says it all - this place is Simply It! I was the first to arrive for my first GNO. I walk in and find a huge table along the back wall all set up for the lovely ladies of yelp, so I shimmy my way to the middle along the wall. I figured I'd be in the middle of the gals, the booze and the food. I was right. So as I'm sitting down and grabbing the wine from my bag, the owner walks up and introduced himself. He's a small guy with a giant smile. He took my wine to open and chill it while I waited for the other yelpettes. Slowly the ladies began trickling in and while we got situated, the servers were grabbing everyones bottles and chilling, opening, etc. Very prompt and gracious. On to the food. I had never had Vietnamese before, but the menu sounded awesome so I was excited. They started us with an appetizer sampler. The servers came around and told us which sauces went with which app. I immediately forgot the protocol, but appreciated to quick lesson. I was sitting next to the fab Helena B. and when the server was telling us how to use the sauces, she noticed Helena already chose one and told her she'd ruined it. She wasn't snotty about it though, and we all found it pretty funny. Helena liked it anyway - rogue sauce and all. The egg rolls were super crunchy and I fell in love with the chicken dumplings. As the waitress was taking the plate away, I stuck my arm up to grab the last one off the plate - I mean, it's just the girls - I don't need my manners, right? Right. I didn't get to try the chicken pastry deal, and I wasn't really a fan of the spring rolls, but that's only because I'm not really a cilantro fan - so I didn't hold that against them. The salad was a cold shrimp salad with papaya and cilantro. As long as I didn't get a bunch of cilantro in the bite, it was super light and refreshing. The entrees were a lemongrass chicken dish, stir fried with sweet bell peppers, jalapenos, lemongrass (duh) and herbs. Very tasty. The chicken was moist and the veggies had a slight crunch to them. Then the mango beef. Served in a coconut with mango, garlic, onion, coconut and snow peas. So good. Then the calamari dish. This was the one I was most skeptical about, but ended up enjoying the most. I couldn't keep my chopsticks out of the pineapple it was served in. The calamari was cooked perfectly with cashews and, of course, pineapple and veggies. All served along side sticky rice. Dessert was fried bananas with a strawberry and chocolate drizzle. Scrumptious. Also a plate of fresh fruits. Everything about the meal was amazing. All the ingredients were super fresh and cooked perfectly. The decor was bright and clean. The service - the service was impeccable. They were there when you needed them, but not overbearing. The perfect balance of attentiveness that can be hard to achieve. On my way out, the owner was saying goodbye to us all, and he said goodbye to me by name! I was super impressed. LOVED HIM! All this fabulousness for $25? This may have been my first GNO, but definitely won't be my last.
