I recently stayed at the Fairmont in Santa Monica so maybe I expected too much from this location, but at the Santa Monica location, my God, you're treated like a king. It almost gets to the point of being a little embarrassing. Similarly, this location positions themselves as a top tier "luxury" hotel. Definitely not the case.  I'll start on the positives and work my way down: LOCATION: One of the best possible locations in the city, no question. You're right in the heart of it all.   LOBBY: Great design of the lobby, very 'male'. My wife suggested that they need some flowers to soften it up a little, of course I'm oblivious to a note like that, looked cool to me. The doormen were super friendly. ROOMS-LAYOUT: Very disappointed. We walked in and were like, really? This is IT? Literally, it looked no better than a Holiday Inn, very small. The furniture looked nice but it was form over function... literally, you get TWO drawers for clothes. Hopefully you are traveling by yourself or your party packs SUPER lightly.  It's a little nit-picky, but why in the world is the TV lined up with the wall of the hallway (dividing the main room from the bathroom area) while the two-drawer seat is lined up with the end of the bed? Maybe someone crashing in the hallway wants to watch some ESPN?  ROOMS-NOISE LEVEL: What in the world is up with the 120 decibel toilet? I don't care that it looked like something you're see at a roadside gas station, but my Lord, when you flush it is insanely loud. With our baby sleeping in the main room, we would try to not wake her; closing the outside bathroom door, closing the immediate bathroom door, and literally taking a robe, wrapping it around the closed toilet, hugging, then hitting the lever... and it would STILL jolt her awake. I'm not even exaggerating. The doors close normally then - BANG!! It just bangs shut, soooo loud. You learn, after the first round of stink-eye you receive after you startle everyone awake, to ease the door closed... however, all night long, count on your neighbors' doors banging shut. The walls were paper thin and it got annoying. SERVICE: This is were they really lost me. Maybe it was just in our case but compared to the Santa Monica location, it really was like a 'get over it' attitude.  When we booked this two months prior, we were crystal clear that we needed a crib, which is standard (it was waiting for us in our Santa Monica room, even with toys!). We called the week before as well as the day or so before to remind them about the crib, "No problem." When we got there? No cribs left. Awesome. I asked the worker at the desk, "What should we do with our baby?" "I don't know what to tell you, Sir." I guess saying 'Sir' and 'Mr.' helps sugarcoat bad news. So the first night we had to sleep with our 11 month old in our bed, trying not to crush her during the night, trying to make sure she didn't quietly wake up and roll off the bed onto the hard floor. This would have been a deal-breaker had we known they weren't going to come through on this. On the second day, they finally got us one. CHARGES DON'T DRINK THE WATER!!! They lock the mini-bar and you can only open it if you request the key, which we obviously didn't want. At the Santa Monica location, however, they set out complementary bottled water. ANY hotel puts tags on the water if they plan on charging you for this... not here! The water's sitting right out there for the taking, no tags, no indication that they will be a charge, but get ready to pay $10.58 for two small waters when there is a CVS right across the street. This is just flat out b.s., don't rip me off with something like this. I called down, got a couple "Sirs" but they wouldn't take it off the bill. MISC: -There was a nail polish type of smell in the hallway every day. -$1 a page to print at the "Business Center"!? It's like $.05 at Kinkos (which is around the corner, thank God... my wife needed to print a 60 page script). -No free internet at this "luxury" hotel unless you're a member of the President's Club, which, fortunately, we were... sucks for other guests though. Internet is standard these days, it's like paying for cable. OVERALL: I gave it two stars because one star would have been overly harsh, a one star is something like a Motel 6, but the rooms aren't that much better - no pool, bad service, constantly nickle and dimed. What's the point of paying this price point? A hotel with basically the same location and everything else is Hotel 71 (where my parents stayed) for about $100 a night, a fraction of the Fairmont. I'd highly recommend that over this Fairmont. At the end of the day, would I come back? NEVER.
