Ate here on a Saturday evening at about 4. The place was very laid back and not stuffy. Even as the crowd started pouring in, it still remained very quiet with the way the place is laid out. The mac & cheese was tremendous. From the garlic crust on top to the spirals to the caramelized onions on the inside with tomatoes cooked so they weren't just soggy globs on the inside as well. The taste was all I was expecting after reading other reviews. Once I read the menu however, I wasn't sure that I wanted the mac & cheese, since there were so many choices that sounded just as good (I'm sure to go back and try at least five more dishes!). The beer selection was OK, though generally over-priced like so many restaurants downtown. Just why is a pint of good beer $3 in the 'burbs, but $6.75 to $7.25 downtown??? It's almost enough to make a grown man go permanently sober! The desert was freakin' awesome. The homemade Frango mint ice cream came out looking like a piece of cake, so at first I told the waiter he'd delivered the wrong thing. It was a slice of heaven. Oreo type crust on the bottom, small bite-sized cuts of Frango mints on the side, and ever so small chunks in the ice cream. It was as delicious as the mac had been. My only problem besides beer pricing was the service. As I waited for my mac, I finished off a beer, and wasn't offered another until my dinner arrived. My waitress passed by twice, and as I tried to signal her, she made a quick detour both times. Oh well, things like that happen. I figured the second replacement beer might happen sooner, but the same thing happened again. Apparently the waitstaff hadn't been told how much the restaurant makes in profit with every beer sold, or she would've been hovering over my table to serve more often! Overall, a delicious meal with a great desert and a laid back ambiance made this a very nice place for a dinner. I'd recommend it--especially at that hour. I could imagine the place being should-to-shoulder packed after about 7 or 8 at night with both bars in service.
