Aside this being really delicious, the location is prime. On Michigan Avenue across from Millennium Park. I'm noting this because you know that means that tourists or their families, fly like bullets at this location at certain times of day - particularly on the weekend. I consider it safest after 6pm during the week, and after 7pm on the weekend. Lunch hour can be open or slammed (so be smart and have a reservation). Personal delights: The mussels, house poutine (elk ragout covered fries), beet salad, seared scallops, wagyu sirloin, the gage burger, the brisket sandwich, fish and chips (yes wrapped in paper like they're suppose to be), turkey leg foncit, pheasant thigh appetizer, caramelized lobster, aged ribeye, deconstructed french toast dessert. There are few things I haven't enjoyed here (the lunch menu version of roasted chicken could be better - not sure if the meat is given a brine but it should be). I once had a salmon sandwich I didn't love.  But other than just a couple of experiments gone a rye, the food and expectations are met above and beyond. A fancy pub...with fancy pub food. That's what it is, and that's what you get. And then it goes into an eclectic beer selection, great cocktails, impressive wine selection, and the "champagne charlie". TOP FIVE REASONS TO GO TO THE GAGE: 1) It's some of the best food you'll get in the loop (like it or not) 2) The The mussels, house poutine (elk ragout covered fries), beet salad, seared scallops, wagyu sirloin, the gage burger with a cold beer on the right day is perfect, the brisket sandwich, fish and chips (yes wrapped in paper like they're suppose to be), turkey leg confit, pheasant thigh appetizer, caramelized lobster, aged ribeye, deconstructed french toast dessert. 3) Great array of beers and wine 4) Great location 5) (when it's not slammed!) It's very good service TOP FIVE REASONS NOT TO GO TO THE GAGE: 1) It can be annoying to be there when tourist rush is invading 2) It's so good and so popular it can be really loud at certain hours 3) Certain sandwiches on the lunch menu are a miss (although the rest of the menu is outstanding and with great quality ingredients) don't let a mosquito's wing throw you off the track 4) Little to no parking 5) The half sandwich half soup menu item should have more generous portions
