I was a little concerned going there because the reviews weren't sounding too great. Also, I couldn't even look at the website to preview the menu because my computer's security wouldn't let me, it said their website could be "harmful" to my computer (maybe a foreshadowing?). I will say that when I walked in, I really liked the ambiance and liked that it was intimate. However, once it gets really busy, then you have waiters, busboys and patrons bumping into you the whole night because it's pretty tight. One of the reviewers I had read said their waiter had zero personality. And that's who we got. I'm not sure this should be his desired way to make a living, because he clearly didn't seem to enjoy it. The food was pretty good, nothing special, and very small quantities for the price. The busboy took our water bottle away (a table of 7 people) before the main course arrived and never brought it back. It wouldn't have been too bad if I had the glass of wine I had ordered, but that was never brought either. The waiter apologized an hour later as we were paying asking if I wanted it now. Seriously?? Even my fellow diners had to grab the waiter to ask for more drinks, he never came back during a two and a half hour dinner to ask. The host had to actually go get us more water before we finished. Now that I think of it, the waiter and bartender could probably keep up with the orders if they weren't doing kitchen duties like plating appetizers or cutting bread for the bread baskets. The poor bartender looked like she was going to pass out because she was trying to fill all the drink requests and make appetizer plates for the whole restaurant. I'm thinking maybe once they've been open for a while they will get their bearings, then someone told me they've been open for 5 years. Wow. I don't think I've had that uncomfortable of a dining experience in the 15 years I've been in Chicago. Maybe it would be a better experience to go during a weekday when it's not busy. But with those prices, there are so many better options along Clark Street where you get the service you deserve.
