I dined at Alinea a few weeks ago with my son for his 25th birthday. He was quite excited to have scored tickets with their new ticketing system and on his birthday nonetheless! I had heard of Alinea a few years ago when they first opened and wondered what it was all about. My impression before going there was too expensive & "weird" food. Couldn't imagine eating that many courses. Well, what an amazing experience. I could only compare it to Charlie Trotter's where I dined a few months back. This blows Charlie's away. (Sorry Charlie) The restaurant doesn't have a sign out in front (liked that) & a nice young man greeted us & we entered. The hallway floor was real grass--real grass with a small set up with fresh lemonade. We were then led to our table. The restaurant has no music playing & is fairly modern but simple. They ask about allergies, wine pairings, etc and the experience begins.  I won't go into detail on every course as there were simply too many & I frankly couldn't remember what they consisted of. But there was a seafood course served on a piece of driftwood that was to die for. Also, a mushroom dish on hot stones that was amazing as well. A summer salad of some sort with everything fresh (delicious).  I can only remember disliking one dish & the little pieces of ginger they served on these little skewer things was just okay. The hot potato/cold potato & truffle explosion that I had heard of famously were also just amazing!  The service was excellent and the waiters each one nicer than the next. The courses were spaced apart nicely but not too far apart or close together.  They brought my son a special chocolate desert for his birthday compliments of the staff which was really nice (and no singing happy birthday!) The desert was amazing & then we had the privilege of having Chef Achatz serve us the famous white chocolate pinata himself! My son was awestruck & the expression on his face was priceless--well worth the price of the meal!  So was this worth it? It most definitely was. Years back, I could never have imagined spending that much money on a meal. But, the way I look at it, many people spend comparable amounts on dinner & a concert, dinner & movie, drinks out, a night at the opera or theter, whatever it is you like--cigarettes, Starbucks, etc. This was a magical night with my son & one we will always remember......can't put a price on that.
