This is a great place to go for a special event with a group of friends! I was lucky enough to have my 30th bday celebration there! The place is gorgeous, elaborate and vibrant like the other Jerry Kleiner restaurants. It is also very specious... it wasn't as big as I was imagining, but there were also hidden private rooms that I wasn't able to see. The decor and the trendy atmosphere is reason alone to go! I was seated on the ground level, right by a huge, beautiful painting that my friend, David Molinaro, painted. It made for a nice photo backdrop! :) We got there early so we sat in the bar and enjoyed the yummy guac and tasty drinks. Their mojitos are amazing and I also got a drink special that was a Caipirinha with mango and pineapple. It was very good but SUPER strong! Now, onto dinner. I read many of the yelp reviews and was excited about the pernil (pork shoulder) dish. I have to say, either it was an off night, or it just wasn't all that it was hyped to be. It had a good flavor, I think it was rum-glazed and it was a little sweet, but the shredded pork seemed a little dry. It wasn't awful, but it wasn't great. I did, however, try two of my friends' steak dishes and they were AMAZING! Super tender and really flavorful! I tried my other friend's chicken and it was not that great, either, but for me, chicken is hard to impress with. We also got the ceviche sampler and it was pretty tasty... I think the one with squid was my favorite. Oh, I did want to comment on the service, as well. At first, it was pretty good, but then near the end I felt like our server wasn't coming back to check up on us when he should have been. And, as with the other KDK restaurants, you are definitely paying the price for good food and a great atmosphere-it is not cheap, especially if you are drinking the yummy drinks... it adds up quickly! Overall, it was a great place to go for the ambiance and the atmosphere. It is lively, even on the weeknights, and it is bright and trendy. You just feel like you are in a happenin' place! I will definitely go back for another special occasion!
