Naperville Ribfest .. never again... SERIOUSLY! Once you come here, BBQ anywhere else is a waste of your time and money.  I have eaten BBQ in the south where BBQ to them is like a hotdog to us Chicagoans, yet this place is still better than anything I have had down there.  I came here with a big group of 18, 12 adults, 6 kids for my monthly foodie feasting with my closest friends for a Sunday lunch. Due to our large group, we asked for one of their private rooms, which ultimately was the best decision even though we had to make a $300 minimum, which with 12 adults, would not have been a problem. The room was set up with a bunch of tables put together to form one huge one and they had a flat screen hanging on the wall for the guys and their football obsession.  On the table are bowls of the tastiest homemade chips that I have ever tasted. They use the same rub on their pork as they do on their chips. WOW and their pickles... for some reason they were just so darn good; sweet, crunchy, and delicious.  They take our drink orders and we peruse the menu and come to a dish that is $305, no joke ... it's the whole pork shoulder. AH HA .. we all were on the same wave length and quickly start deliberating on whether the 11 of us carnivores are willing to take down the pork shoulder beast, we surely did and I would have made the decision again .. no regrets people. To top it off, Chef Lee Ann Whippen herself comes out and shreds the shoulder with massive bear claws (see pics that I have posted). She is known for slaying the BBQ dragon, Bobby Flay on his on show Throwdown! with Bobby Flay in Season 4. Coleslaw, Kobe beef baked beans, cornbread and pretzel roll buns all come with this amazing entree. The pork just melts in your mouth and with the four different sauces that you can try, it was just simply the most amazing BBQ I have ever tasted.  We also ordered the fried green tomatoes and the hush puppies. They were delicious as well, but definitely not the stars of the show. They also had a kids menu for our little tykes, their meal came with a big cookie at the end ... what kid wouldn't want that?? Service was 5 stars as well, they were very attentive and helpful.  I would come back here in a heartbeat if anyone wants to go eat BBQ!! YIKES, I was drooling writing this review!! HA
