We started out at Hamburger Mary's for dinner but wanted something else for dessert. After dinner we decided to go over to Anteprima. The place was packed and was buzzing with activity. As we walked in, I surveyed the dining area and there was but one available table by the front windows. The amiable hostess greeted us and asked for our reservations. Ooops. Sarah told her we hadn't made reservations but that we were only interested in dessert. The hostess asked us if we wouldn't mind sitting at the bar and we quickly made our way through the dining area towards the bar. The bartender was very likeable. Great ink Jasmine! Jasmine greeted us and gave us a couple of dessert menus. It was a short list but everything sounded good. The panna cotta with lemon sauce and torta della nonna sounded especially delicious so that's what we ordered. Jasmine asked us if we'd decided on our choice of drinks. We told her no. But after we told her what desserts we had just ordered, she suggested an espresso and sambuca (sp) drink. She explained that it would have a warming effect. That sounded good so we ordered two. And she was right! I generally don't like sambuca but it was tasty. Can't go wrong with a drink with both a stimulant and relaxant in one. Sarah liked it well enough but the alcohol was a bit much. Anyway, on to the desserts. First, you have to try the panna cotta. If you don't know what that is, it's heaven on a plate. It's basically cream, lemon, sugar, vanilla, gelatin, buttermilk (or some sort of acid). The texture was that of a very light and airy cream cheese. The flavor... What can I say?! It was rich and creamy with a lightly sweet taste and with just a touch of lemon and vanilla. I can eat this all day. It went well with the espresso/sambuca drink. The torta della nonna was just the opposite (texture wise) but was nearly equally tasty. It looked like a cheesecake with pine nuts mixed in but was not as heavy.  While I liked it, I preferred the panna cotta.  Service - Jasmine made us feel right at home. She warmly greeted us when we sat at the bar and made wonderful suggestions. Even gave us complimentary dessert wine which she said would go well with the panna cotta. It did! It was a moscato d'asti - Andrel Villa Giada. She suggested we try Andersonville Wine & Liquor to see if they could order it for us. Anyway, it wasn't overly sweet like some moscatos I've had. She was also good enough to give us a slice of another dessert but cannot recall what it was called. It had three layers - a buttery crust, chestnuts and some crumble-like topping. Light flavor with a mild sweet taste accompanied with the toasty and sweet flavor from the chestnuts. Very good. So there you have it. A dessert review at Anteprima. I highly recommend the panna cotta paired with a mascota d'asti. If you can live with it, forget the tables. Ask to be seated at the bar and ask Jasmine for some espresso. You won't regret it.
