Uber-foodies, you've found your mecca. But... I totally agree with David G. and James N. This was very disappointing and schizophrenic, but the concept is solid. They just need to figure out how to execute better. I gave it 2 stars, in lieu of 1, because my friend is the sous chef and he hails from Avec and always took great care of us. In any case...where to start: The seats: The cheap looking brass/gold rail and two-tone paint on the walls, reminds me of Tempo in the Gold Coast. Totally dumpy. I'm surprised there wasn't cheap, bad hotel art framed in matching brass. Bleh. The seating is ok, but the side corrals seemed a little weird. Sort of like a penalty box or something.   The meats: We started with the ham sampler. Good, but nothing I couldn't buy from Trader Joe's for 1/10 the cost. The oysters were pretty good, but my friend had a milky one and a lot of shells in hers. The ones I had were pretty tasty, but again they're pretty $$. We also had an heirloom apple salad, which was the best part of the meal, but it also reminded me a lot of something you'd get at Avec. The housemade pickles were ok, but nothing to rave about. And then, the topper to our mediocre meal...the chicken. It still had it's neck, was a grayish, brown color and looked like it was boiled. It was served with a short rib, which was good and a meatball of some sort that looked a lot like a testicle in too many ways to make me comfortable. Everything lacked flavor, even when you added the toppings they provided...salt, a cranberry paste and a mediterrenean salad thing. In the words of my friend Jen "if I were in a nursing home, this is what they would serve us." The beers: Everything we had was fine, but $$$ for beer. But, the server was very knowledgeable about the extensive list, so she gets props for that.  The other thing to note about this place is because it's trying to appeal to "uber-foodies" by serving sweetbreads, blood sausage, and pork cheeks, I think they forgot about the common eater. I am not unadventureous and will probably give them a try on another visit . But you also need to round out your menu with a few "every man's" meals. We wanted to order safe for our first visit and it was so safe, it was completely bland.  I want this place to do well for the sake of my friend and the owners. Everything they've done so far, has been great. I think this has potential, but they need to iron out the menu and add a LOT more flavor. Another chef friend told us that we should stick with the pork since the concept was built around our friendly piggy friend. Oh! And Stephanie Izzard was there...I'd be curious to know her thoughts, but since she's someone from the "industry" she probably got several things that weren't even on the menu. Maybe she's a Yelper? So, in short...give it some time, save up some $$ and hopefully they'll have it figured out in a few months. Cheers!
