Oh. My. Goodness. Let me start off by saying that as a vegetarian, I am often wary of visiting 1.) Mexican places, 2.) "gourmet" anything (because chefs like to show off, and that often means pancetta, bacon, etc. hidden in the food), and 3.) counter-ordering places (often means substitutions are less possible). I never should have feared; Rick Bayless gave this California girl some of the best Mexican food she's ever had, and it was 100% veggie, with no "hmm...I just won't ask if there's lard in the beans" moments. There was about a ten-minute wait, which was no biggie, and the food came out so quickly that I barely remembered the initial hold-up. Servers were attentive but not hovering, despite the shortage of tables, and we were seated as quickly as one became available. Rick himself was behind the counter tasting the beans, and he said hi to everyone in line and walked around asking how people were enjoying the food! The woman at the counter who took my order asked if I'm a vegetarian, because they have special veggie beans-- thanks, counter lady! I had the wild mushroom torta and JESUS CHRIST SUPERSTAR was it amazing! The bread! The bread ALONE was worth the price of the sandwich. Add to that goat cheese, perfectly cooked wild mushrooms, vegetarian beans, arugula, and the most delicious salsa for dipping...there are no words. My dining companion had the seafood caldo, which he reported was the perfect level of spicy (you get to choose the spice quotient) and I could see was chock-full of oceanic delicacies. Churros for dessert-- mmm. The people who call them tough have clearly never had traditional churros; maybe they're thinking of the glorified tubular donuts at Costco? I had the Mexico City-style hot chocolate for dipping, which was beautifully authentic and chewably thick. Mmmmm. My friend had the spicy one, which he says was pretty much a cup full of throat-coating deliciousness. I wasn't paying, so I didn't pay much attention to prices, but it seemed eminently reasonable for the quality of the food. In the words of my former Governator, I'll be back.
