I've definitely had better. Waiting in line here, was myself and a friend and two other parties of 2. There were two open tables that needed cleaned. The other party and mine had been waiting for about 15 minutes when the third party walked in. They saw the empty table and sat down. The hostess didn't do anything about it. He went over and waited on them. I didn't like the decor in there, very dark, and it seemed like they wanted to take themselves too seriously and all the waiters certainly did. When we were seated, I took our bottle of wine out of my bag and set it on the table, at the same time the hostess was placing our plates on the table. More like SLAMMING our plates on the table. He did it so hard that the bottle of wine shook and started to fall off the table. He caught it! Not without shooting me a very dirty look. Like I did something wrong. I just shrugged my shoulders and said , "wow you're fast, good catch." To which he said nothing. Ok. So I'm looking at the menu and notice that they charge extra for rice. The usual Thai restaurant I frequent does not. I didn't like that. We ordered the chicken satay. It was tasty, with the peanut sauce, and the cucumber salad was good too. It looked horrible though. The chef must not of ever heard of presentation. I had the tom yum soup with chicken ... 3 pieces of chicken in the whole soup. It tasted different than the tom yum soup I'm usually used to. The lime seemed too strong. We ordered the fried banana spring rolls for dessert. They were yummy! I really liked the honey on them. Before we went to the restaurant we called ahead and asked if there was a corkage fee. They told us there wasn't. When I got the bill there was a $2.50 bar charge. ( The owner contacted me and said that they do not charge a corkage fee, that the amount labeled "Bar Charge" was for the dessert. ) I've had SUCH better Thai food than this. I looked at all the great reviews and thought I would try a new place. I should have stuck to my old one!! Better food, Better service, Better decor, Better food, Better food, Better food ... STICKY RICE, why did I cheat on you?!?!
