So let me first preface this by saying I was here wth a group of ten people on NYE. Large groups are very awkward in this place, as my back was sandwiched against the side of someone else's table. I hope I didn't get hair in their food. We also may have been the only straight people here? I'm not terribly familiar with the neighborhoods in Chicago, but there were quite alot of (adorable) gay couples. Its all good. So initially, it was great... the bread was pretty good, the bartender made me a fantastic gin and tonic, etc. I had the oricchette, which was absolutely wonderful... perfect kick to the sausage and a nice sized portion as well. The pasta was nice and thick, like real pasta should be. The ravioli, although delicious, was not portioned well. Only eight raviolis come with the dish and they aren't much larger than the chef boyardee variety. So if you're coming to eat with a capital E, avoid filled pastas (which is pretty much the rule everywhere, yes?). The spaghetti was sort of boring. And I understand spaghetti can be fantastic if done well, even though it is a simple dish. This.. was not done well. Things were cooked properly, but it had the flavor of cooked celery, which is to say, not much. The duck with mushrooms and chestnuts was cooked quite well and was delicious, but the chestnuts themselves were sort of mealy and... not terribly tasty. The gnocchi was also good, from what I tried, but I'm pretty sure the oricchete was the best dish on our table. The desserts were decent but not anything to write home about. The chocolate hazelnut torte was pretty good, although it didn't warrant finishing the whole piece. And the chocolate mousse with almonds was also pretty good, as it had a wonderful creamy texture, but again, nothing outstanding. The biggest downfall was that the waitress couldn't have been any more blatant about how badly she wanted to get us out of there. I understand a ten top is a hassle, especially on an event night and in a small, intimate restaurant. But at least be cordial. I'd consider going back if I were in a group of two. And not on an event night. PS. Forgot to mention: their bathrooms are unisex and DONT HAVE LOCKS. This caused a ..."situation"... when I busted in on somebody. Good thing they were only washing their hands :/
