A thoroughly disappointing dining experience throughout. The service was immaculately orchestrated and beyond reproach in its timing and willingness to accommodate, but it could not pull this off without making us painfully aware of itself as such. All gestures were grandiose and the atmosphere became overbearing because the staff was so conspicuous in all its activities. Descriptions of dishes were given with the gravity of a military report and yet, still left us wondering about the exact preparation and ingredients used for each dish. Worst of all, we were constantly made aware of the corporate nature of TRU and this slick feeling of propriety and normalcy permeated every activity. Smiling, socializing, or any other deviation from the staff's beautifully choreographed routine is not permitted. But all this would have been gladly forgiven if the food would have been commensurate with our expectations (not to mention the prices). Long story short, it did not. Far and away the best part of our dinner was the wine, a hauntingly beautiful 2003 Grace Family cab that my friend picked out from the vast, well-chosen, reasonably priced, and overwhelmingly Francocentric wine list. We ordered the Market menu; a brief rundown of our courses follows: Amuse Bouche Thin slice of pear layered with a touch of olive oil and a shaving of aged Parmesan. Quite unspectacular, although the serving was very whimsical - the ingredients were layered in an oversized silver spoon (insert joke of choice here). The pear was under-ripe and unseasoned. Neither the ingredients nor the preparation were up to par. Sashimi Knife skills were flawless but once again, the ingredients were pedestrian at best. The fish was incredibly fresh but poorly sourced. The flounder had a pleasant mouth feel and an alluring richness but the tuna and yellowtail were lean and flavorless. The tuna especially felt like a blank canvass for the duo of sauces, both of which thoroughly overpowered the fish. The Uni sauce itself was quite pleasant but it had nothing on the authenticity and complexity of the Uni sauce we had in Mirai the next night. Oyster and Uni Tempura A definite upturn. The oyster was pristine and this was the only execution of Uni tempura I have ever had that really worked. The sorrel puree at the bottom was also very fresh and flavorful. Good. Rabbit Consomm The broth was deliciously complex and concentrated, if a bit overly salted. The rabbit torchon, however, was completely bland, as if the over-salted consomm was supposed to compensate for this. The puree was quite tasty but it and the nearly flavorless lavender foam were completely extraneous. Mediocre. Ricotta Tagliolini Turning ricotta cheese into extruded noodles was a neat trick but the resulting noodle had an unpleasantly slimy texture, a lukewarm temperature, and not an ounce of flavor. It made a suitable sponge for the basil and acacia foam but this dish didn't come together well. The charred cherry tomato was exceptional. Mediocre. Whipped Salt Cod The unquestioned star of the evening. This dish was absolutely perfect in conception and execution, the whipped brandade was intoxicatingly rich and creamy and the smoked, gelatinized potato noodles added greatly to the flavor and texture of the dish. Great Hawaiian Mong Chong The fish was expertly trimmed and quite generous for a tasting menu portion but the fish was over-poached to the point of being dried out and flaky and the Thai spices overwhelmed any nuance the dish may have had. Bad. Roasted Squab The squab was severely overcooked and just not good; the elaborate presentation (the bird was cooked whole, with the breast then being removed, boned, and served) meant that the dish was barely room temperature. The accompanying faro was delicious and toothsome but was also lukewarm. The pepper sauce did an admirable job of masking the taste of the squab, however. Terrible. Selection of Cheeses Solid choices, headed by Humboldt Fog, possibly my favorite cheese. No complaints here and the accompaniments were tasty and appropriate. Good. Bittersweet Chocolate Mousse, Lime, Milk Chocolate, Thyme Gale Gand is a master of her craft and the dessert course was absolutely sensational; several layers of chocolate, each with a markedly different flavor, barely accentuated by fragrant herb and citrus. Great. Sweets from the dessert cart. Great confections from the pastry chef. Nothing as rousing as the dessert course but very good nonetheless. Good. Out of the seven savory courses, one was great, one was very good, and the rest ranged between mediocre and inedible. The meal was marked by lackluster ingredients and strongly flavored sauces and accompaniments. Surprisingly, with all the intricate machinations of the wait staff, not once were we asked if we enjoyed the food, as if a question such as this would be beneath a well-oiled machine such as TRU.
