If you're PMSing, this is THE place to go!! Satisfy your salt crave here. This is no dis, I'm serious. Everything was perfectly seasoned with salt. Not overly salty, but it was definitely there.  I was a little nervous about coming here for lunch right after noon. Usually for hot spots, I like to get there early so I don't have to wait. I have my limits. I can eat anywhere, but I loathe waiting!! It's probably because I'm HUNGRY while I'm waiting. No fear though, this place was easy walk-in. And bc the weather was still good, there was outdoor seating available as well. I wonder if they close the tent up during the colder weather or do they just take it down. That would severely hamper the occupancy at this place.  Yes, so with regards to seating. Be prepared to sit at either a communal table or very close to another table. It did feel weird that I did not know my fellow diners as we were so close, several times, I swear some of them were reaching over for our food!! And since you are so close, be prepared to have to chat with your neighbors should they decide to talk to you.  The food is good and interesting. I like the whole tapas idea migrating outside of Spanish food. I always feel that sampling many is sometimes better than having a big honking plate of one thing. But I guess that depends on the many.  We ordered: 1. Pig's Ear with Crispy Kale, Pickled Cherry Peppers & Fried Egg (Excellent! Very crispety, crunchy. You don't even realize it's pig's ears. They reminded me of soft shell crabs. Love the fried egg on top.) 2. Lardo Crostini (Yeah, not for the weary at heart. It is basically, a thin slab of lard, not fried, a little rubbery. But still decadent. I'm not ashamed.) 3. Pork Neck Bone Gravy with Ricotta (This reminded me of the typical tapas dish with the tomato sauce and plop of goat cheese in the center. Although in this case, the sauce was stewy and the cheese was ricotta.) 4. Mussels with Pancetta, Crme Fraiche & Marjoram (oh how i wish there was more bread to sop up the sauce!!!) 5. calamari (we were a little hesitant to get this as we were told the calamari was "blanched". blanched? who blanches calamari? but it was good. a nice lighter dish compared to the other four heavy ones.) i liked the place. i would definitely go back. wonder what the crowd is like at night time.
