Beware: the owner may ruin your meal and embarass you with very unprofessional behavior!We have been to Spacca Napoli before and have loved the food and the service. The pizza (while a bit expensive) is so good and the wait staff is knowledgable and good with the details.This past Saturday, my partner and I invited friends from the city and suburbs to join us at what we thought was our local gem. We called for reservations, were told they would be busy that night, but to come early and hopefully we would get in. I told our party to meet at Spacca at 6pm. I arrived at 5:45 and checked in and was asked if my party was there (the restaurant was not full at the time). I explained that my partner was parking, one friend was on the train, almost there and two others were on lake shore drive. They didn't seem to care and sat me outside. My partner joined me at the table and we immediately ordered drinks and an appetizer. After 5 minutes, the owner came to the table and said, loudly, I thought you said your party was all here and I replied no, I said they would be here shortly. He was rude and was making a scene. My partner and I were embarassed and thought about leaving. The owner walked away. Our friend arrived and sat down and ordered a drink and ate some of our appetizer. Our other friends were stuck on LSD and couldn't help the traffic. The owner returned to our table again. This time he brought a big guy from the kitchen (i guess to intimidate us - it didn't work). He demanded to know what time our friends were going to arrive. Keep in mind that there were still open tables and nobody waiting to be seated. Also, we were seated at a four top with an extra chair and were now in three of the five seats.I asked the owner (calmly) if he planned to come back to the table every few minutes until my friends arrived because it was embarassing and people were looking at us. Other patrons were confused by his behavior as well. My partner had had enough and asked for the bill. The owner seemed shocked that we were going to go eat somewhere else. Rudely, he said he just needed to know what time they are going to arrive, but we had had enough. When we demanded the bill (at least $35 in drinks and apps) the owner said, I will comp it, just leave (comp?? Would he have comp'ed it if he was wrong? NO) So we did. No scene, like he was trying to start.It is sad. This was a great local restaurant with good food, but the owner is very unprofessional. I have never worked in the restaurant business, but have been eating in restaurants for 39 years and guess what ... things happen, people are late, etc. We are still shocked and saddened by what happened on Saturday. I would warn everyone to steer clear of the owner, who is the most unprofessional business owner I have ever met.
