Sometimes we all just get the strong desire to trade the urban, quotidian chaos for a breath of Southern comfort. At Chicago q, you can do just that without having to leave the liberal city boundaries. With a little bit of class (without following the trend of Gold Coast pretentiousness), plenty of charm and a lot of Southern flavors, q is definitely a pleaser. The ambience is full of light colors that open up to a spacious oasis of glossy hardwood floors, large light fixtures mingling with skylights, and enlarged photographs of centuries old oak trees lining country roads which continue as far as the eye can see. I love me some tea so I cooled down with a glass of iced Southern-style sweet tea.  The hospitable servers start you out with complimentary sweet pickles and cinnamon potato chips. I was in love and thankfully had a huge appetite that day. As addictive as these two are, q has been put on the map due to their BBq techniques and recipes involving numerous house-made rubs and a variety of woods for smoking their meats. Chef Lee Ann Whippen has won countless awards in barbeque competitions across the nation, but has also starred on TLC's "BBQ Pitmasters" and the Food Network's "Throwdown with Bobby Flay." She cooks the true backyard-style smoked meats, yet serves them within q's modern, comfortable environment. Q offers their very own "Competition" ribs every evening, but with a limited supply so make your OpenTable reservation somewhat early to get your hands on a slab. With so many meats to choose from and my indecisive habits, I started off with the BBq Flight appetizer combining q's kobe brisket (I LOOOVED their South Carolina mustard sauce with it), pulled pork and pulled chicken--each with three sauces to mix 'n match.  Your meal wouldn't be complete without some communal sides. A few favorites of mine are the house bacon cheddar hush puppies, classic corn bread with honey butter, and the sharp-flavored brled macaroni and cheese. I surely got a taste of why Paula Dean makes all of her silly faces and moans. I'll be sure to make another trip to q in the near future when my carnivorous teeth are craving some meat.
