The last time I reviewed Mercat I had dropped them down from a 5 star to a 2 star. I was sad to have to drop their stellar reviews but Mercat has more than redeemed itself based on the sincerity of the staff and their quick response to issues we had mentioned. Needless to say, Mercat will remain a 5 star restaurant, especially after tonight. I'm glad to say that I will continue to return to Mercat for their high quality food and their great customer service. I was promptly contacted by the Chef de Cuisine and we were invited back. This time service was stellar and we had a wonderful time there. Our server, Fred, is probably one of the best servers I have encountered in a long time. He was very personable and friendly. In addition, all of the issues that i had noted from my last dining experience there have been corrected and service was even better than before. We started out with the appetizer special, which was an Oxtail Empanada. The dough was nice and light and wasn't greasy at all. The oxtail was delicious and tender.We also enjoyed the Pulpo Con Patatas, which was tender and had a nice smoky taste. In addition, we ordered the Arroz ala Cazuela which was just divine. It was super flavorful and all the flavors were married really well. I would definitely order this again. Now the show stopper-- The half SUCKLING PIG was amazing. It was perfectly seasoned and had tons of umami.The skin was perfectly crisped. The table side presentation was also awesome. The chef neatly separated the parts of the pig while giving us an explanation and even discussed the process of cooking the pig with us, which was really nice. We are the adventurous type so we took advantage of the head and tried the jowl, brain, and ears. The brain was prepared with a cherry gastritis and it was magnificent. If you can try the suckling pig, do so! The pig was accompanied by wilted spinach w/ apples, fingerling potatoes, and rosemary white beans all of which were delicious as well. I'm so glad we went back. Mercat a la Planxa you have won my heart once again!
