First impressions : Expensive and Romantic! Pretty outside seating, inside it's old school and super dark ....candlelit and romantic- really kind of cute.... Husband and I sat at a booth that was cozy and of course romantic, we could even close the curtain for more privacy! The menu is a bit confusing if you have never been, but the waitress did a good job of explaining. We got 2 dinners- chicken and scallops & shrimp and chicken.. The dinners include a salad upfront, cheese fondue to share, the entrees, a chocolate fondue to share and plain coffee to finish your meal. To start, we split a pitcher of Red Sangria- Excellent..some of the best I have had in the city. It was well done with the combo of fruit, liquors, wine, etc...very tasty and easy to drink! WE WOULD GET THIS AGAIN. Salad- Mixed green salad with a honey mustard dressing. It was fine-fresh but nothing special. PASS. The Cheese Fondue - extremely creamy - pretty good. The flavors were of swiss and maybe some cream cheese with liquors-not as much straight up cheese as we would have preferred, but it was tasty and interesting to eat. The rye bread and onion bread weren't of exceptional quality BUT were a tasty way to dip. Also the apples and grapes were good in the cheese too. Overall the cheese fondue was decent and we WOULD GET THIS AGAIN. The Main Entree Dippers- You are given good quality, raw pieces of seafood, chicken breast, veggies, a vat of oil and told approximately how long to cook things. Overall, I am not a fan of this style of food preparation, but my husband didn't mind cooking. I prefer to have the restaurant do the cooking if I am paying so much to begin with! Anyway, after the meats are cooked you are given a choice of 8 mediocre dipping sauces-thumbs down These seemed to be out of jars - bbq, red pepper sauce, teriaki, dill, garlic butter, spicy - this stuff wasn't very good on it's own and paired with the bland, oily, unseasoned meat , it barely made an impact ... Overall disappointing. They do provide salt and pepper at the table, but I prefer my meat marinated for maximum flavor- so even when I did add some salt and pepper it didn't do much. This is definitely not my style of eating b/c the sauces aren't very good, the food was too oily and the meats aren't seasoned or cooked for you. The shrimp was the best b/c it cooked quickly and absorbed more flavors...Chicken was the worst since it was a thick chunk and it all tasted so bland and took so long to to cook.... Oh well, it's a cute idea...and can be of fun...but we prefer to have good food and have fun too! This was not for us and WE WOULD NOT GET THIS AGAIN. Chocolate Fondue - a seemingly dark chocolate base with strong liquor flavors accompanied with various dippers- marshmallows, pound cake, strawberries, melons, bananas, pineapples, etc. We didn't really like the flavors of the fondue- too dark and too strong tasting. Also, while the fruit dippers were good in terms of quality and freshness, the marshmallows were obviously store bought and I can only assume the same for the mediocre dry pound cake... WE WOULD NOT GET THIS AGAIN.. Coffee- Fine I guess-just plain black...PASS OVERALL - WE WOULD NOT COME BACK. BUT if we do - we would sit at the bar and get a pitcher of the Red Sangria and The Cheese Fondue!! My recommendation for a fondue place is Melting Pot- here you will find a huge variety of Cheese fondues- swiss, cheddar, Mexican combo, etc AND a ton of chocolate fondue combos including White chocolate Amaretto my personal favorite, chocolate peanut butter, orange chocolate,etc. - you get the idea, HEAVEN! The dippers at both places are of about the same quality fruit, veggies, bread,poundcake marshmallows- but the fondues at Melting Pot of are of a much higher quality and great taste! We can not recommend going to Geja since it was expensive and food was just average or below for us... Plus both our tummies were not very happy with us after- all the grease I assume is to blame...and possibly under cooked food?! Bottom Line - Skip IT...try Melting Pot instead and stick to their yummy drinks, cheese and choco fondues, I doubt you'll be disappointed. Enjoy!
