Tru is a very fine restaurant and, based on my experience dining at many Michellin-starred restaurants in Europe, certainly deserves its 1 star. There are plenty of previous detailed reviews on Yelp, so this review tries to capture the overall experience. Tru is all about luxury: The menu is heavy on dishes with foie gras and truffles and there is a dedicated caviar menu. The wine list is extensive but emphasizes high-end wines. You could pick something for $80 or $90 a bottle, but they are pushing the $200+ bottles. Oh, and $20 cocktails. Corkage is an excessive $50/bottle. (Obviously they are forcing you to give them the profit they would make on a minimum $80 bottle.) The room is elegant and high-ceilinged, with notable modern art (but a few of the pieces are copies, while the originals hide in the owner's residence.) You are warned multiple times there is a dress code requiring jackets for men - fair enough. There are 3 prix fixe menus: The standard 3 courses for $96 or tasting menus "Collections" for $110 or $145 with extra foie gras and truffle dishes. (We had both the $96 and $110 options.) The cooking is sometimes very creative (for example, sturgeon "caviar", which is a confection of white fish essence pearls), but not always, and the flavors can be on the muted side. A nice touch is the ability to select any dessert instead of the one in your Collection or to substitute a cheese course (as many cheeses from the cart as you like). The service is polished and somewhat stilted in a formal, deferential way, and is team-based, i.e. you will see (at least) 5 or 6 different people bringing items to the table. While we expected the support servers to bring breads or manage the wine, unlike some other star-level service teams, at Tru we experienced a fragmentation of the service, where we lost the feeling that one waiter was looking after us. So in summary, expect to spend (at least) $400 to $500 for a couple and get a competent and luxurious meal, but don't expect culinary fireworks.
