Thursday was a friends birthday and I wanted to treat her to brunch or lunch and I thought of Yolk because it is a little nicer of a place than she would normally go, and I remembered that they had good food and friendly service. We got a late start, didn't wonder in here till about two o clock. I was hungry, I skipped breakfast thinking we were going to get an earlier start because we were also planing on going to the Shedd. Anyway we were shown to a table and handed menus right away. My friend was amazed by the decor, it was just funny to see her reaction.It took us a while to choose since they have a pretty big selection. She went with the Texas something or other omelet and i went with the country skillet. Everything was fab the pancakes that we choose as the side were fluffy and sweet. My skillet was awesome. Had generous portions of ham, bacon and sausage, and the red potatoes were nice and soft and salty. They also topped it with just enough cheese and my eggs were cooked just like I wanted em. It also came with a side of saw mill gravy. It had a perfect flavor to it. Once I fished up the eggs I just poured the gravy over the rest of my taters and meat YUM! My friend loved her choice and I got a little taste of it, It had just a little kick to it. The waitress we had was super friendly and checked on us a few times while we ate and gave us coffee refills without us having to ask for them which is great in my book of things that make for awesome service. When it came for the check she asked if we were paying together or needed two checks. I said "Well its her birthday so I'm buying" She said "oh I wish I would have known before I brought the check would you like a little dessert or something?" How nice was that? She went off and just a couple minutes wait later she brought out a crepe that had fresh strawberries, whipped cream, and was filled with Nutella! There was even a candle in it! It was such a thoughtful gesture that I had to mention it. Lets not forget too, that it was an excellent crepe! (I still think the prices are a little wonky but in my opinion you really get what you pay for in this case! )
