Hands down the best meal you can ever "experience" We came here right March 2009. Alinea tops French Laundry, Piccaso, Gary Denko on my list of top restaurants in terms of originality, taste and creativity. Hot potato - cold potato, black truffle, butter - this is rather interesting dish. you pull a needle and let the truffle drop and drink it all at once. It's a bit salty Yuba - shrimp,miso, togarashi - this is like an appetizer with the shrimp entwining the pretzel stick. This is artistically beautiful Cauliflower - fiver coatings, three gels, cider - this is a big plate well presented. Very rich and filling with cheese Pear - olive oil, black pepper, eucalyptus - a bowl that when opened the smell of fried eucalyptus expose Wild striped bass - saffron, shellfish, parsnip - this is one of my favorite. Fish is perfectly cooked Yolk - soy, wasabi, yuzu - not good. not tasty just a yolk inside some gel Chicken - sesame, morel, indian flavors - this is another bigger plate. good flavor and pretty display Bacon - butterscotch, apple, thyme - just a piece of bacon which you have to tear down from a dangling steel holder Sweet potato - bourbon, brown sugar, smoldering cinnomons - this looks like a fried ball on an incense stick Mustard - passionfruit, allspice, soy - i think this was just a dab of ice sorbet Foie Gras - turnip, shiso, sudachi - yummy. Only 2 little cubes but taste great Lobster - popcorn, butter, curry - this is really good and fresh lobster Pork Belly - iceberg, cucumber, thai distillation - another rich dish Black truffle - explosion, romaine, parmesan - haha this is one of those that tastes very salty due to the truffle. You bite into a little wonton and the truffle juice is filling up your mouth Wagyu beef - powdered A-1, potato, chips - love love love the beef. freshest taste. This is paired with a dry ice aroma which started out as the centerpiece Grape soda - one bite - really this is just a gap filler piece of candy Yogurt - pomegranate, cassia - some tiny dessert . nothing too special Bubble gum - long pepper, hibiscus, creme fraiche - this is rather cute you are suppose to suck the candies out of the cube Transparency - of raspberry, yogurt - just a piece of candy. very light Rhubarb - goat milk, onion, lavender air - this dish is sit ontop of an object like a pillow which is filled with lavendar air. Chocolate - prune, olive, pine - i dont remember too much about this Dry caramel - salt - again just one small bite but we were very full by then Overall I am very impressed. Definitely the best upscale restaurant in the North America in terms of artistic presentation and taste.
