Oh Davanti...I had high hopes for you and I so want to give you more than three stars. But you haven't earned them. First off, this place is in university village, which I have never been to but actually quite adored. It is quite the charming little neighborhood. But anyway...on to my experience at Davanti. First off, I was accompanied by a handsome gentleman, always a good way to start dinner. Secondly, we were seated right away. We called ahead of time, and seeing as this was the Friday after Thanksgiving, there weren't massive crowds so the wait was non existent. The service here was laughable, unfortunately. Our waiter was nice and genuine, but he was more concerned with chatting it up with his friends at the other table. We seemed to be sitting for days before we were approached about ordering a bottle of wine and maybe some appetizers. And this happened more than once, which was a damn shame. The food was a hit and miss but I think we also may have ordered wrong. The star of the evening was the squash, fennel and goat cheese salad. This was by far the most delicious dish of the night. I could have eaten the entire thing on my own, and didn't really want to share, but I thought that was the nice thing to do (all dishes are meant to be shared). We also ordered the pizza, which was a sad sad story. Not good, at all. How can one really screw up pizza? I didn't think it was possible, but Davanti did manage to screw it up. It was just the margherita pizza but patrons: STEER CLEAR. We also ordered a beet salad, which I thought was just OK but DISCLAIMER: I don't like beets. Lastly, we ordered some pork stew thing which I did quite enjoy and I am not a big meat eater, but this was pretty darn good. The tipper of the evening, and I can ONLY imagine that this pisses customers off more than anything, is that we were charged a corkage fee. Yes yelpers, we were charged to de-cork (de-cork? un-cork?) a bottle of wine that we bought at the restaurant. I'll have to admit, their wine prices are quite low so I'm not totally shocked that they pulled a fast one on us. If this is some kind of marketing ploy to sell wine at cheaper prices but then hit their customers with the corkage fee, I'll have to say it kind of really sucks. And it only aggravated us. I tend to scrutinize the bill to make sure everything is right so of course I caught this. But I can imagine many parties just pay without even really looking...which is also a damn shame. Davanti, please change this policy. it is lame and makes me like you less. I would like to try Davanti again, but just switch up the ordering a bit. That awesome fennel, goat cheese, squash salad makes me believe that there are other equally amazing dishes on the menu that we just didn't have the opportunity to try. Also, make sure your waiters are doing their job and SERVING their customers.
