We went to Spacanappoli for the first time a few weeks ago, having wanted to try it out for several months. We arrived just before 7 pm on a Saturday night, but after about 10 minutes wait or so, were seated at a pleasant table by one of the windows. The place was busy, but we were able to have a conversation - likewise, the interior was bright and inviting. The chairs had the stiffest backs I have ever experience though, but after a minute or two, I stopped noticing. So from what I have heard and read, the establishment are sort of pizza-Nazis...I mean that in a good way. The will not deliver, and they are very hesitant about allowing take away (apart from one's left overs). Ever ingredient used is imported from Italy - being in the industry myself, I find this plausible, and yet VERY difficult to believe...the pricing and logistics of such a thing would be considerable. I understand the fixtures (the wood burning pizza oven hand crafted in Italy), but the flour? Tomato? Cheese? Meat? Everything? Their ingredient snobbery though, is the diners gain! The food is excellent. For a proper meal, I would suggest one pizza per person - it isn't pizza hut...besides, that allows one to try multiple type of pizza! I do not believe you can customize your pizza - you have to order one from the menu...I am not sure if it is verboten, but I wouldn't feel comfortable asking them to add, remove, or substitute something on my pizza...just order off the menu and don't be annoying! The pizzas arrive at the table uncut...each comes with its own, heavy pewter and steel pizza cutter. You might think it odd, but when was the last time you had a thin crust pizza arrive at your table belching clouds of steam due to it being literally 8 seconds out of the oven? Once cut, the pizza cools quickly. There are two types of pizza here...red (using various types of tomato sauces), or white...using no sauce, or something other than tomato. We ordered a red pizza with mozzarella, prosciutto and mushroom (I think)...it was very good... We also ordered a white pizza...upon seeing it, we were very disappointed, it looked like some had taken arugala, prosciutto and pecorino and dumped them (albeit carefully) onto a pizza crust...however, one bite and we bucked our American expectations and the white proved to be better than the red (even though that two was excellent). As an appetizer, we ordered the "fried special of the day" which basically described itself as "friend Italian street food." Two large fritter things arrived on a bed of warm tomato chutney...was it eggplant? We couldn't tell...what we discovered was that they were thick slabs of fresh mozzarella, prosciutto and whole leaves of basil...totally amazing, but almost too much food as an appetizer for two people.  Ingredients here are top notch - no shredded Kraft mozzarella or fountain drinks...in fact, I ordered a diet coke and it came in a 6 or 8 ounce glass bottle (no free refills here)...that isn't being pretentious either - in Europe, that is how it's done and they are trying (and succeeding in my estimation) to be as authentic as possible! With such attention to detail, I'll pay the $2.50 for the little coke, no questions asked! Pizzas are $13 to $17 bucks...but guess what? So is pappa johns and that is crap - it is the difference between a high quality dinner on par with a nice sushi or steak place...versus a huge quantity of cardboard from your local take-away pizza shop... We didn't try a desert...we were too stuffed! We will however...be back...I've had other pizza I like - your more American type junk food pizza that you order and love after a night out drinking...but this is some of the best quality pizza I have ever had!
