I did not know what to expect from this restaurant - I've heard that the restaurant itself looks like any other 'ordinary' building, without the name blazing about. They have valet, but you can find parking a few blocks away (non-permit). You enter the restaurant, and you walk down a short corridor that has purple lighting, and enter to your left. You are greeted by literally 5-7 men, dressed in suits, asking you the same question - 'How are you doing this evening?'. We were seated in the dining area on the ground level, a booth with some comfortable cushions. The waitstaff seems very particular in the placement of your beverages, and cleans up with a damp towel of any morsel or droplet of liquid that gets on the surface of the table. I tried the Green Tea/Grapefruit/Laven der, which was like a grapefruit sparking soda, with a hing of ginger. My cousin had the Ginger Citrus, which tasted literally like a strong ginger ale beverage (definitely better than the one at Wow Bao's). We had the Tasting Menu, and I expected probably a small morsel of anything, but I was actually surprised with the amount they give you for each plate. We first started off with the English Pea, and it tasted like green pea ice cream - slightly thick and creamy, and it was quite nice. The next was the Shad Roe, which tasted like a bacon tempura ball with a twig of bay leaves used as a skewer. The Distillation was a wine glass of Thai liquid, which was the least favorite of the dishes - it tasted like red pepper flakes with a hint of floral. The Pork Belly, which was my favorite of it all, was making your own spring roll with this rice paper that has beautiful little flowers within, and the restaurant presents you a glass platter of different ingredients that you build with - the braised pork was just delicious!!! The next dish we had was the Sturgeon, which were cubes of sturgeons with leek and croutons - great creamy sauce with smoked apple ribbon running across. Next was a cute little 3-part bowl with different tempered-Jonah Crab - it contained lobster mousse, king crab with crusted avocado, star anise bubble (which tasted creamy and black licorice-like). We had an offer of a glass of Sassporillo - really strong orange-colored root beer (not a fan of it). The next plate was the Filet de Boeuf, presented as a clock set-up, with little spoonfuls beef tongue (which was my absolute favorite since it was so awesome), duck was bleh, wagyu beef was kind of soft chewy, the panko too overly fried, the mushroom was just like a wet mushroom, cocksical (from the rooster) was gelatin-like - interesting experience. Next dish was the Duck, with cubes of duck with mushrooms, a cylindrical foie gras encrusted in dehydrated orange. Next was a spoonful of truffle ravioli - liquid 'explosion' of truffle inside. Next was the Earl Grey, the plate being set upon a fragrant Earl Grey pillow - the plate itself contained rounds of lemon curds with Earl Grey graham bits and a hint of rose water throughout. Next was a Chocolate dish, a trio of chocolate - chewy white bits, menthol, pudding, and several coral-like frozen chocolate at the end. As an extra treat, the restaurant gave us a ball of chocolate with melting cream (which was heavenly and good for the chocolate buffs). Our last dish was the Bubble Gum, which was a glass test tube-like filled with long pepper, hibiscus, and creme fraiche - I liked the bubble gum-flavored tapioca balls. The whole experience took about 3 hours, and be sure to ask the waitstaff if you could take a tour of the kitchen - it's cool to see a behind-the-scenes look at each of the carefully-made dish. You get a copy of the menu with explanations of the circles at the end of your meal as a 'souvenir.' Overall, I'm glad I had a chance to experience a restaurant that's rated as one of the top restaurants in the world, and the fact that it was located in Chicago! If I had all the money in the world, I would probably dine here everyday. It's quite interesting to get an attentive service like this, and enjoying the beautifully-presente d food that actually tastes good as well!Yay for this restaurant getting 3 Michelin stars - Chef Achatz totally deserves it.
