I've been wanting to go to this place for a long time, but since they don't take reservations, the wait was usually an hour or so. When you go in, if there is a wait, they take down your cell number and say they'll call. We were told it was a 45 to 60 minute wait, so we went down Michigan Avenue, and came back after 30 minutes, just to be on the safe side. I checked in with the hostess to see where we were on the list, and she said they had tried to call us. Well, I was holding my phone in my hand the entire time to be sure I didn't miss the call, AND my phone did not show any missed calls. But I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and assume that somehow my phone didn't work.  We made it in, and all I can say is that I don't understand what all of the hype is about. The atmosphere is awful. It's cramped and loud on the inside. I'm not opposed to the idea of communal tables. In fact, I wish we had gotten one of the communal tables! Instead, we got stuck at a small two-person table in the outside tent. We were fine with being outside, but we were literally by the opening of the tent, which made us cold, and right by the door to the inside, so people were constantly swinging the door and hitting my chair. Worst of all, it was windy, so the side of the tent kept blowing and hitting my husband. When I asked a server to do something about the side of the tent, he at first said there was nothing to be done! Then, I said there had to be something that could be done if they are actually sitting people in that spot, at which point he then moved another table to sort of hold back the side of the tent. Why bother putting a table in a spot where the dining experience is going to be so unpleasant? I could have let the bad table slide if the food and service had been extraordinary. But quite frankly, the service was mediocre (we had to wait at least 15 minutes for our last plate to come out, even after we asked the waiter what was taking so long), and the food was nothing special. I was not at all impressed with the fried deviled egg that everyone is raving about. We didn't even finish the porchette panini because the pork was bland. Everyone is entitled to their opinion, but my suspicion is that some of these reviewers on here are letting the hype cloud their judgment. Thumbs down for the Purple Pig. We will not be coming back.
