Taking advantage of Restaurant Week 2011, I decided it would be nice to try a new restaurant in the Gold Coast for once (one can only eat at Hub 51 and Sushi Samba so much). With my love of bbq and being skeptical of any place selling it that isn't named Smoque, I figured it would be a good time to try Q. Hidden on N. Dearbourn, the outside looks like someone's apartment only painted really nice. Once we stepped inside, it sort of resembled an Off Track Betting establishment but way fancier and without and sleezebags walking around holding losing tickets. Our party of four was early for our reservation, but they front desk sat us right away in a comfortable booth. From our view, we could see the kitchen, which was partially open and appeared extremely clean. Our server brought over some complimentary pickles and chips, and one could make a meal of this if they really wanted to. They keep filling them up to as they seem to disappear within minutes of being set on the table. AKA: they are addicting! Three of the four of us took advantage of the $33 Restaurant Week menu. We each tried a different appetizer: BBQ Lemon Shrimp with Grilled Polenta, BBQ Flight and the Hominy, Smoked Corn, and Black Bean Salad.  BBQ Lemon Shrimp with Grilled Polenta: The shrimp were plump and juicy and cooked perfectly with a hint of lemon. The polenta was dry as ever and needed some type of sauce (bbq was applied later) to make it more moist. BBQ Flight: This could easily be someone's meal and was a very satisfying appetizer. Three separate cups of pulled chicken, pulled pork, and chopped brisket along with not one, not two, but three slices of warm cornbread. Each meat was juicy. If picked to choose my favorite, the pork would be the choice. Hominy, Smoked Corn, and Black Bean Salad: served chilled, the salad was huge and would make for a better side dish than a salad. Almost all salads have lettuce, but this one didn't. What it did have was thick chunks of avocado and a aftertaste that easily made up for some dumb lettuce. For entrees, we ordered the Kobe Brisket and the Full Slab of St. Louis Ribs. Kobe Brisket: 6-8 giant slices of brisket served with yet another giant square of honey butter cornbread and pickled onions (these are phenomenal as well). The brisket was succulent but could've used some type of sauce.  Luckily, Q serves all of their meals with three different types of sauces. One was mild, one was more vinegar based, and one had chili flakes. The one with chili flakes was my personal favorite and made the brisket that much better. (Although "Kobe" and "Brisket" pretty much make that dish worth trying anyway) I couldn't eat more than two pieces without feeling like a bloated cow (Yes, I felt like a cow that would be considered "kobe"). Full Slab of St. Louis Ribs: I have never been a big rib fan, but these were right in between the tender and meaty debate that every rib person loves to talk about. They didn't fall off the bone with one little wiggle of the rib, but they didn't stay on the bone after one bite. basically, the perfect rib. The smoke ring on each rib goes to show the type of commitment Q has to cranking these babies out. The best part was the presentation, as I have never seen a plate of ribs that actually has all of the ribs on the plate. This one had about three ribs on each side hanging over, begging us the eat them first. We also ordered the Pulled Chicken Sandwich. The chicken was a blend of pulled white and dark meat and the bun held up very nicely to any sauce that was applied to it. Two side items were had to try included the Mac and Cheese and the Coleslaw. The Mac and Cheese is loaded with breadcrumbs, and my sister who absolutely hates all things cheese actually ate it and enjoyed it! The Coleslaw was addicting and hard to stop eating as well. For dessert, (and yes we were about to hurl but since three of us were guaranteed a dessert, might as well gorge ourselves) we chose the Key Lime Pie, the Milk and Cookies, and the Carrot Cake. Key Lime Pie: Plenty of taste and nothing beats a homemade graham cracker crust, but the slice was kind of small compared to every other item this kitchen cranks out. I was expecting a "Gibson-sized" slice of pie. My hips were happy, my eyes were not. The pie was still great and I would probably order this again. Carrot Cake: A thick layer of cream-cheese frosting always makes me happy, and this cake had that and more. The cake itself was kind of dry compared to every other carrot cake I've tried, but the frosting was spot-on. Milk and Cookies: the three cookies I believe were a oatmeal with bacon, a sugar cookie with caramel, and chocolate chip. After about five minutes all three of them had been magically consumed. Service deserves an A+ as our plates and silverware were replaced before each course. The only negative was the policy on no free refills of soda. Our water glass was never left empty though!
