To quote the wise, old Fozzie the Bear, "Waka, Waka, Waka!!!". Whether he's excited about the awesome food, adorable and kitchy bar or boys-town hot and heavy locale, there's clearly much to get pumped up about at Wakamono. Venturing out for new sushi inspiration can often leave one wanting for more (or at least me). In my personal estimation, Chicago sushi is ok... you see a lot of tempura flake, cream cheese, sauce and not much else... We've definitely dumbed down the maki market for meat and potatoes palates. You know what? It's all gravy, whatever gets people out stuffing fish in their faces. A particular high note though for me was seeing the Wakamono offerings of 'Contemporary Maki Rolls' and 'Classic Maki Rolls' - the right to choose is beautiful - you can hit up a Kani Chung Roll (tell me that ain't fabulous) with king crab, tempura crumbs over spicy albacore tuna, asparagus and unagi with toasted sesame or go for a nice and simple salmon cucumber maki. The blend of old school and new school is great... Alongside some perfectly sliced sashimi you should definitely add an oedipus roll - both delicious and gorgeous - or a peter parker spider roll chock full of softshell crab and adorned with quite the clever moniker. Funny little minxes! The space at Wakamono is picture perfect... very sleek and sexy with lots of candle light and fresh little arrangements at each modern-styled table. I was very impressed with the chic, intimate atmosphere and kept gushing at what a great date place this would be. Obviously the boys in the 'hood agree! The bar is equally as fabulous, but with a very kitchy twist... dark and packed with Japanese adornment it looks likes Granny Yoko's living room. I loved it... piled high pagoda style it was the perfect surrounding for my tasty Green Tea Martini... Oh yes, did I forget to mention they serve up the booze at Wakamono? You heard it, a full bar menu, actually... I know it's touted as a spot for BYOB but this isn't a liquor license issue. No Sir, they just throw the BYO atcha because they are that awesome. Awesomeness makes me very happy. And so did my jet-fresh sushi dinner at Waka, Waka, Wakamono!
