The first thing I noticed as the revolving door deposited me inside the GAGE was the noise level and how it seemed to envelope me in side a blanket sound, and it was that exact moment that the idea I had for a romantic dinner for two was completely lost with in it. Not saying that the Gage is a bad place to be. Quite the contrary. My only real problem I had as I entered was that I was actually an hour early for my reservation, and even though I told the girl at the front of house when I checked in that I was willing to wait, since it was my fault -I hadn't expected the Art Institute to dump us out into the street exactly at 8pm, so I made my res. for 9- she was kind even enough to seat us right away. We were shown a table near the bar and what seemed to be the center of the action, I was almost hoping as we were sat and going over our menus was that if maybe we could of waited and got closer to our actual reservation time that, maybe, we could have been seated near the back where it might have been a little quieter. But what the hell, we were seated, and on a night that was looking rather busy. The menu, unfortuneatly, is a little big and slightly confusing even though it's only made up of one page. The meals were laid out in different courses and you almost got the feeling that you have to order from each course. And with their prices could be very costly indeed, and the drink menu, while smaller in size compared to the entrees, was like reading a phone book of alcohol. Not that's a bad thing, but as soon as we were sat it seemed that our waiter, whose name was Kevin (I had thought he said Brian, while my with thought he told us something completely different, that's how loud it was. But I digress) was table side. My wife and I are usually big wine drinkers, and the Gage has a most impressive list (with prices ranging from $16 to over $400), but we opted for beer instead this evening (a list that was also impressive with everything from the usual domestic and imports to a slew of micro-brews, which we went with. The Chambay to be precise). We ordered appetizers, my wife went with the Scotch Egg (how can you go wrong with a large hard boiled egg coated in ground pork and deep fried in a batter served with course mustard?), I went with the Hot Pouched Shrimp. We shared and I found both plates to be stellar. For our main courses we went with the Fish and Chips (wife) and the 16oz Rib Eye (myself), which I ordered medium rare and to my delight was made perfectly. It's sometimes hard to get a steak that's till red and juicy in the center. I was hoping that both entrees would live up to the bar set by the appetizers and they far exceeded my expectations in excellence. Kevin brought over the dessert menu, and while everything on the front looked like it would amazing we decided to try a dessert wine from the other side. We settled on a 10 year old brandy that was so smooth that it was like drinking liquid silk. I found the Gage to an incredible dinning experience and can't wait to go back with friends this time around. Nicely situated across from Millennium Park and a half block away from the Art Institute, so if you're in that area I highly suggest that you stop in for at least an appetizer and a nice bottle of wine. (Side note: make sure you eat as much as you can of your order for the Gage does not have take out bags or doggie bags, and be prepared to spend some money if you are doing dinner. For the just the two of us we spent about $200 including tip.)
