I'm still thinking about this meal. It was THAT good. I came here with my cousin and my friend on a Saturday night. The host and hostess told us it would be 35-60 minutes and took down a cell phone number, so we went to a nearby bar to nurse a drink. (Sample conversation: Friend: "I'm so hungry; maybe I should order something small!" Me: "NO!") 45-50 minutes later, my cousin's phone rang... the sweetest sound ever! Our server was really nice, helpful, and patient. He explained that everything was small/medium plates that we could order everything at once or one at a time; it didn't matter as the dishes came out rather quickly. We had heard "meh" things about the ricotta/honeycomb vasso and the truffle egg toast, so we passed on those. We opted to share the pizza of the day, a salumi platter, a salad, and the linguini with sea urchin and crab (I keep wanting to call it linguini with uni, haha).  My friend and I also decided to share a quartino of wine (8.5 ounces, I think the server said?). I asked the server a million stupid questions about the wine list, and he was so nice about it. He recommended a red and a white, and we ended up with his choice of white - a Viognier that was refreshing and paired well with everything we ordered. The pizza arrived first. Thin crust, sweet fresh figs, amazingly flavorful homemade sausage, burrata, balsamic glaze, and fresh basil. AHHH! This pizza was so amazing. The only slight disappointment was that the burrata was melted. I had thought that little spoonfuls of burrata would have been dropped onto the pizza after it came out of the oven, so that one could fully enjoy its rich creaminess. Next came our salumi platter. We had selected soppressata (spicy red pepper salami), coppa (cured pork shoulder), and another type of salami with fennel seeds in it (forgot the name). All were very tasty. We'd hoped the soppressata would be spicier though. My friend and I liked the fennel seed salami the most; the fennel seed really perked up the flavor. My cousin preferred the coppa, which was also tasty and had a bit of funk to it, in a good way. The salad came next: escarole, thinly sliced gala apple, pecorino dolce, celery, and hazelnuts. This was very good and had the right amount of vinegar; too many vinaigrettes are too overpowering for my taste. The apple added a touch of sweetness, and the little cubes of pecorino provided the right amount of saltiness. None of us like celery in general, but this celery was thinly sliced and gave the salad a good crunch. And then the hazelnuts just made the salad that much more special. I am usually indifferent about salads, but this one was memorable. And then the linguini with sea urchin and crab arrived. The sea urchin was dissolved into the sauce, and some flakes of crab and bits of green onion sat on top. This dish was like eating the ocean... pure briny goodness. I liked the sea urchin sauce much better than eating straight up sea urchin. The linguini was cooked al dente. We then decided to press on and order one more dish. We had the giant rigatoni with sausage, oven-roasted tomato, and parmesan. This was simple but delicious. The sauce was just fantastic. Because we had already ordered way too much, we decided to share two desserts as well, the peach bread pudding with blueberries and vanilla ice cream on top, as well as the cantaloupe sorbetto. Both were very tasty, although just a tad too sweet. The peach bread pudding came in a tiny, hot cast iron pan, and the vanilla ice cream melted almost instantaneously (sadness). It reminded everyone of peach cobbler. The cantaloupe sorbetto was like eating a fresh cantaloupe (although with a lot of sugar added) and was the perfect end to a very indulgent meal. I can't wait to go back. NOTE: The bathroom on the right has a defective door/lock. Make sure you close the door very tightly before you lock it. A server/busser and I might have accidentally opened the door on a lady. Our faces looked like :O :O
