I have been meaning to come here for quite some time since I would walk past it several times walking home from the El. It's a great location being right next to the Montrose Brown Line stop, across the street from Margies Candies & Ice Cream and in the quaint community of Ravenswood. Here you've definitely come across where lots of the locals grab their fish 'n specials. Now for my experience to improve yours: If you're visiting on a weekend (even Sunday evening), I'd recommend you make a reservation. If you don't, you may have to try and squeeze somewhere where you're not in the way until you have a table set. I will admit that I loved the hostess who was very friendly and accommodating. They have a small bar that is decorated with a variety of cereal boxes (Lucky Charms, O's, Cheerios, Rice Krispies, and even PacMan). I guess this is only for the weekends when they offer Breakfast. You can get your choice of cereal (over 25 options) with a side of fruit and cold milk. 2nd and 3rd helpings are free. Cute idea for sure!  Next to this "Cereal Bar" there's a small chalkboard with "Name that Play or Movie." If you guess the answer, you get a free cup of soup. All my friends know that I am horrible at trivia, but I happened to somehow pull the correct movie of 'Dogma' out of my arse. I earned myself a delicious cup (well it was a coffee mug, I guess so you can spoon it or sip it) of Tomato Bisque for free! :) My friends would also agree that I love anything free or that offers a coupon. Other than the "Cereal Bar," another Glenn trademark would be the gigantic chalkboards listing the 16 fresh fish dishes of the day. First off, it's awkward reading the board because anyone sitting near them think you're either staring freakishly at them or checking them out. Weird!  Secondly, Glenn's boasts on having the most options of fresh fish in the city...which I believe only partially. Out of the 16 chalk-written fish specials, 7 have a little fish magnet that says "Sold Out".  I had ignored all the unavailable options and decided on the Canadian Potato-crusted Walleye. After ordering, the waiter returned 3 minutes later saying they were out of my fish. At that same instant, a guy moved the magnet from the swordfish which was previously "out" to my walleye. Swordfish anyone? I'm guessing that they move the magnets around at their leisure so the cooks don't have to cook up and offer all 16 different types of fish at one time...Just a guesstimate. This same thing happened to the table behind me with another type of fish. A bit aggravating, especially when they coin the phrase of having the largest variety of fish in the city at one time. All in all, I ended up ordering the Mushroom-Bacon Wine Sturgeon. I got my dish 'o fish which had a thick slice of Sturgeon, a side of asparagus, a yummy roasted potatoes and a slice of lemon to top it off. I enjoyed the flavors until the middle of the fish was somewhat raw as if I had bitten into sushi. A bit disappointing for a $22 item that wasn't my first choice! You must order a side of POTATO PANCAKES if it doesn't come with your meal. Creamy potato perfection! I loved that their fish truly tasted fresh (and a little too much that I thought it was going to squirm once or twice in my throat), yet it was a bit overpriced and remained completely random with their fish offerings. If you are going to hit this place up, I'd try out the scallops because I heard at least 4 people recommend it during my sit-down dinner. In addition, their "First Catch of the Day" lunch and early dinner specials and the "All You Can Eat" (and I'd add " 'N get messy") nights featuring Alaskan Red Crab Legs (Tuesdays), Baby Back Ribs (Wednesdays) & U-Peel-Em Shrimp (Thursdays) seem like quite the Deal & Steal!!
