This is our friend's favorite place and our one "nice" place on our list during a recent visit to Chicago. We started with drink at the bar and I sampled the mojito, which was traditional without the icky flavored syrup that so many places had adopted It was delicious, but I then settled on the mango mojito, which was fabulous. Once entering the dining room, I was amazed by how colorful and beautiful it was. We started with an order of guacamole, which was prepared to order and served with homemade chips. The chips were double layered and greasy, but delicious. The guac was out of this world!! The menu had a lot of great options but I went with the special, which featured black bass with yellow curry on mashed maple sweet potatoes and topped with shrimp and corn salsa. Wow.... the flavors and textures worked together beautifully. It was really amazing. The men each ordered the skirt steak with rice and beans and topped with chimichurri and onions. Another flavorful and amazing dish. I also sampled the pernil, which was a little dry but very tasty. We ordered broccoli with cheese and almonds and mac and cheese. The broccoli was very good, but not really complimenting any of the dishes and the mac and cheese was fairly boring. No dessert, as we were pretty full from the meal and the drinks. I have to comment on the service. I am a big advocate of service recovery. Working in the industry for many years, I have come to understand that things happen. It's not the issue, but how the restaurant handles issues that stands out in my mind. When first sitting down at the table, we sat for at least 10 minutes without being acknowledged. Not a huge issue, as we had our drinks from the bar, but we were definitely in need of a drink refresh and ready to order by the time the server came over to greet us and tell of the specials. He immediately acknowledged and apologized for the oversight and we weren't bothered and let it go. He was knowledgeable and helped with some menu selections. Once he had left, the manager came over with the guacamole, which we had ordered, and also apologized for the oversight and offered our appetizer complimentary. Our service was top notch, while remaining unobtrusive, for the rest of the evening and our meal flowed comfortably. We were all very pleased.
