For a recent trip to Chicago, I made the grave error of booking my hotel stay at The Congress Plaza Hotel....Here's where a typical hotel reservation turned into the worst hotel experience ever!In transit to Chicago, I realized I left my wallet at home. I had my passport & $300 cash so I figured I'd be fine for the weekend. When checkinginto The Congress, I was told by the clerk that my online reservation was for only 1 night. I apologized & explained that I left my wallet (with CCs) at home.I offered several options for me to pay for the remaining 2 nights: Paypal, wire transfer, or calling a friend who can pay for the room with their CC. The clerk said "I have to talk with my manager." The manager comes out & tells the clerk that I have to check out tomorrow. The manager didn't discuss the issue with me. Basically, he didn't try to find an acceptable solution . In the Morning :Called a friend to make an online payment on hotel website. Payment accepted. I feel the matter is resolved. I left my hotel room for breakfast. Returning to my room, I discover that my room card is deactivated. I go to the front desk & was told that the hotel canceled the online payment because it wasn't paid with my CC.ME: You got to be kidding me?!MANAGER: We can't accept payment if we don't have the CC holder info.ME: The payment was accepted and then you canceled it? How would you like me to pay for the room?MANAGER: You can call your friend & ask him to fax a copy of the back/front of his CC, driver license & letter stating he authorizes the payment.ME: Fine.Call to friend: I explained what the manager is requesting.FRIEND: OMG...I have my kids I can't do that right now.ME: Okay, don't worry; I'll call someone else.I reach another friend, explain the situation, and ask him for help. He has to drive to his office for a fax machine. After 45 minutes, my friend calls me & says that all the docs have been faxed to the hotel.ME: Did you receive fax from my friend?MANAGER: Yes.I called my friend to thank him, so he leaves the office. 5 minutes later the manager returns & tells me he needs another faxed copy of the CC, because the back of the CC is not signed & a CC authorization form has to be completed. I'm now frustrated & say "You couldn't tell me that the first time? My friend left his office.I called my friend back, "Sorry my man! ...FRIEND: I left the office! @#* &*!!!!!!!!!. Why didn't they tell you this before..?ME : I'm sorry but they're threatening to kick me out of the hotel, I don't have my wallet, my cash is running out...I truly need your help.FRIEND: OkMANAGER: I received the letter but it didn't note the precise amount for full payment of the hotel stay & it doesn't have the signature on the fax. ME TO MY FRIEND: The clerk says she doesn't have the fax with your signature.FRIEND: I sent it. The clerk was misspoke about not receiving the letter with my friend's signature. The manager comes out & says "I have it, but the signature on the CC & on the letter isn't the same. At this point, I lose my temper & started to scream. I said to the manager "Put yourself in my situation. I've proposed several different payment options, none of which you accepted; I have contacted 2 friends, both of whom made payment for this reservation but you canceled both payments...and you expect me be calm?! I've been down here for two hours trying to resolve this issue!"MANAGER: Sir, you are making a scene. Now you are not staying in the hotel. Hotel Security will escort you out of the hotel. HOTEL SECURITY: Sir, you have to leave.Before I knew it my belongings were put in trash bags & I was escorted by 4 chicago officers outside in front of a 4-star hotel. I'm very lucky that i wasn't arrested.
