Publican is a unique experience that tries hard but doesn't deliver. I really had a hard time deciding on the star rating because part of my issue with Publican is personal preference vs. failing to deliver. Bottom line, I wasn't overly impressed and probably won't be back. Background: Dinner, 7:45 on a Tuesday night Food: The quality of the food is, for the most part, good. However, the menu selection leaves a bit to be desired. Basically, the menu is set up as "Tapas Plus:" larger than tapas, but not a meal in and of itself. Here is a rundown of what my friend and I shared:   Chef's choice oysters - good selection, good flavor...but then again  oysters don't require cooking.   Daily Pickle plate - bread and butter pickles with some pickled vegetables as well. I really like pickled foods...but really didn't like this these items, simply based on flavor.   Trio of Hams - delicious thinly sliced hams. One of the best items we tried.   Steak Tartare - A steak tartare, what can I say. It was fine.   Boudin Blanc - The best item we had - deliciously seasoned. Beer:   Ohhhh the beer. They have a very substantial beer list. Luckily, they also have a very knowledgeable "beer expert" that can help you pair with what you are eating. The Saison with the oysters was a good call. Service: This is where the bottom fell out. Our server was HORRIBLE. He greeted us promptly, but then we said we need just a minute to look at the beer list he left us for 15 minutes before returning. When we asked him about popular items and to describe a few things he acted like it was a huge inconvenience. After the first round of beers our glasses sat empty for a good 10-15 minutes before he checked back. We actually started ordering from the food runners because they seemed to care more than our server and checked back. The server dropped off the check and then proceeded to go to the host stand and chit-chat for 10 minutes. This is was when I finally, got up, tracked down a manager and complained. It takes a LOT for me to get up and complain out a server. The manager listened intently and apologized for the inconvenience. Cost: It's billed as a high end restaurant, it's not cheap. I didn't think it delivered an experience or food aligned to the prices. 12 oz bottles of beer run from $5 up to $20. The food was somewhat overpriced for the portion and quality. Other considerations: The one cool thing Publican has going for it is the concept behind the restaurant - communal beer house. Big communal tables can be fun if you're in the right mind set, as can the booths that have doors on them. Definitely not the spot for a quite date, but a unique experience none the less.
