Where do I start off! I am not sure who paid off the Chicago Tribune food critics to vote the Art of Pizza the #1 Deep Dish Pizza in Chicago. I was really excited to try them and see how they stand up to the best.  Deep dish pizza has pretty much been like a food group in my family for my 39 years and we have a restaurant history in our family.  People... deep dish pizza does not have a soggy doughy thick bread crust! On my first attempt I stopped at their Ashland store in the afternoon for a slice of sausage. I asked the guy at the counter how long the pizza has been sitting and he said it just came out. Great...! I know pizza does not sit well so I knew I would be getting a good representation of their deep dish. First of all they call their deep dish pizza stuffed pizza.  It looks like a deep dish should but they put cheese on the bottom of the pizza and a layer of cheese above the ingredients followed by their sauce. What they were calling" deep dish or pan pizza" is a much thinner version which does not resemble deep dish. True Chicago deep dish pizza has crunchy crust on bottom followed by a thick layer of creamy mozzarella followed by veggies,sausage, ingredients etc... followed by a nice generous layer of tomato sauce followed by a sprinkling of Parmesan.  Anyways, the guy said the stuffed pizza is the one they are famous for.  I sat down and began to cut into my pizza with my knive. it was like cutting through doughy soggy bread. Deep dish crust is supposed to have a more dense almost pastry like dough crunch to it with rich flavor. This was pure mush!...I took a bite and the dough was absolute flavorlous. It had absolutely no memorable characteristics that deep dish dough should have. The sauce had a very funny taste to it ...I could tase oregano and garlic but there was something else in it which I didnt like. Possibly cheap tomatoes made it taste funny. Their pizza lacked enough tomato sauce and cheese. Deep dish should have a thick creamy stretchy mozzarella cheese running out of it. The sausage and cheese lacked flavor and they didn't put very much on the pizza.  I have to say I was completely disappointed. The cheap price they are charging for a slice reflects the pizzas quality. It is a filling pizza because the pizza is all bread. Ok I happened to be driving by with my mom who also loves deep dish and I said let's give it a second try maybe I just got a bad pizza the first time and I also wanted her opinion. We ordered a slice of deep dish with veggies and sausage and a slice of thin crust sausage. Nope! she also agreed it did not even resemble the good characteristics a deep dish pizza should have... and yes the crust was a soggy doughy thick bread again!! The thin crust used the same crust as the deep dish and was disgusting. We couldn't even finish half of the two slices they were that bad. There are only a handful of really good pizza places in the City of Chicago and this one is not one of them!!...I repeat....does not fall in to that category. I don't know how the reviewers could give this place high ratings if they have ever tried and compared it to good deep dish pizza like Pizano's, Peaquod's and Gino's East makes. Yes the prices for all their food are really cheap..!!! But you get what you pay for.  Unless you are a poor student on a budget looking for filler..Stay away!!!!
