I thought the food at Mercat was so good, that I cannot stop thinking about some of the dishes that I had!! My absolute faves were: First the bacon wrapped dates were the bomb! I cannot tell you how delicious they were!! We also had the fig salad, array of cheeses, and the butternut squash raviolis, which are OMG good. Apparently a woman comes in to make them and it is her only job! I wish I can have her phone number!! The meats are delectable!! The lamb, what can I say...literally melts in your mouth! Cannot stop thinking about the lamb! The best lamb I have ever eaten! Everything we tasted was recommended by our waiter and he brought us a few other great tasting dishes as well. The only two items that we ordered that I would not order again are the Spanish squid, I like squid but didn't think this was the "bomb" and the garlic shrimp, which you can really order anywhere. I thought both were a little tough too. Drinks, well they were very expensive! Holy cow expensive! I had the charred pineapple mojito which was served in a rocks glass for 13.00! I had a few and didn't catch a buzz :( I would think for the price of some of the drinks they would be a little potent and delicious!! Atmosphere was great! Dark and modern, very relaxing! Open kitchen. You can see the cooks prepare. I thought the waiter and the other servers who filled our water and cleared away plates were very attentive. We never had an empty water glass or messy table. I would agree that the food prices are $$$ One note: Today I went to my hair salon and my stylist told me about the really great restaurant in the city that is a must try. It was the Mercat a la Planxa!! What a coincidence.. I ate there on Friday and he on Saturday!! We were discussing the dishes that we loved. The dishes in common that we had, we both agreed were fantastic! Which was the bacon wrapped dates and the lamb!! He had other dishes that we did not because he and his guests ordered the tasting menu. But by the descriptions I must go back!!
