I love this restaurant. First let me start by saying that the waitstaff here is one of the friendliest and most polite in Chicago. They, alone, are reason enough to become repeat customers. This place is romantic so it's a given that on any arbitrary night you'll find young couples sitting on one side of a both smooching and enjoying chocolate fondue. It also seems to be a hit for ladies' nights. The premier dinners are filling and delicious. Salad, cheese fondue, fondue, chocolate fondue and coffee. I LOVE their green salad and their house dressing. It's honestly the salad I'd want served at my wedding. The cheese fondue is so authentically Swiss. So if you're expecting loads of ooey-gooey, neon yellow sticky cheese then you've come to the wrong place. This is Gruyere, good Gruyere at that. And booze. White wine and brandy. It's delicately bitter and smooth, as it should be and it pairs well with the assortment of breads and fruits that they give you. The oil fondue is to die for if you do it right. First time fondue-ers (is that a word?) might end up overcooking or undercooking the meats and veggies, burn their mouths on the fondue forks, LOOSE their food in the pot etc. etc. It pays to listen to your waiter's tips. You'll be doing it right in no time. And when you do it right, it is oh-so-good. Wonderfully tender cuts of beef and chicken. Tasty and crisp veggies. Flavorful shrimps, scallops and lobsters. It's a lot to cook and eat (the food comes out on a huge tray) but in the end it's fun and it lets you really ENJOY both the food and the company. And the sauces. Don't get me started on the sauces. The dessert fondue is a bittersweet chocolate with orange liqueur. I think it's the cutest thing how they set the chocolate aflame, allowing one to toast their marshmallows like a camp fire. The assortment of things to dip are varied and tasty as well. Morsels of pound cake, cuts of melon, pineapple, strawberries and bananas as well as maraschino cherries all work well with the chocolate. My girlfriend likes to scoop a little bit of the chocolate into her coffee as well. The coffee. I noticed that some people pass this up, and that's understandable if you're still trying to top off a glass of wine or two (their wine list is very extensive). You really shouldn't, however. You can get your coffee black, decaf, espresso, cafe au lait, cappuccino...every which way and it's good coffee. Like really good coffee. In the end, if you wanna fondue with a big group and want a festive and lively atmosphere, well...don't go here. Go to the Melting Pot or something. If you want romance or something a little more classy with your food, then this is the place. Sign up for their E-mails for some AWESOME coupons. Just make sure to read the fine print. - Eat on!
