I'm not sure what to make of this place. It's like they had a marketing meeting at the Panda Express & said, "We need to come up with a hip Asian concept! Stat!" The food is that mediocre and the atmosphere is that cheesey. Cue the obnoxious techno muzack, and play it LOUD! The people eating there literally look like a nightclub scene in a bad cliche movie, they are dressed so ridicuously that you wonder if they even have mirrors at home, or if they are just the victims of a casting agent with a sick sense of humor. And it would be easier to ignore if not for the fact that the tables in there are so jammed packed together that every 2 seconds you're getting elbowed in the nuts by a Paris Hilton/Brody Jenner wannabee or a wayward busboy. Un-friggin-comfortable. Which is only made worse by the fact that they don't pay attention to reservations. We waited 45 stupid minutes for this culinary torture, despite having a reservation.But let's talk about the food, since this is allegedly a restaurant. Oh, wow, it's a thousand item menu of nothing. Like the Cheesecake Factory. We tried about a zillion things, most of them at the insistence of our waitress who apparently has no tastebuds because everything we tried was hardly worth eating. Deep fried this, sauced up that, cliche sushi crap. What stands out are some dumplings that tasted like meatloaf, fried to the point of matchsticks lumpia eggrolls, over cooked fish in some awful La Choy teriyaki glaze, mushy mushroom goop, tough as nails pork shank, that signature crispy rice sushi that tasted like old tuna on a soggy Quaker rice cake, and some kind of deep fried sushi roll that we didn't order (why would anyone order a deep fried sushi roll? gross!) but the waitress insisted we did. Gotta love fighting with your server on a relaxing night out. At least she had the sense to take it off our check, or maybe we just got another table's order, which wouldn't be surprising because half of our orders kept ending up on the next table. No lie. Serious food delivery issues. Also, note to our waitress, you should check in with your table once in a while to see if they want more drinks, if anything it will bump up your tip. You would've been a great waitress if it was a byob restaurant. I have to say the busboys were great, though, since they were the only service we actually got. they cleared away our uneaten plates of food very quickly, they must have tasted the food & known we wouldn't want to eat it.Well in summary, I have to say that I would definitely go back but only on 2 conditions: I need a good laugh and I don't have to eat the food.
