Let me start by saying that I NEVER hang out in this neighborhood. Aside from a few random nights when I have ended up at Empire Liquors or Chaise Lounge, Bucktown/Wicker Park is a foreign land to me, inhabited by icky hipsters. So last night my friend, who lives in the area and is not a hipster, wanted to go out in her hood to watch the Oklahoma game. So I trek out there and get to her place around 7:00 and we head to The Boundary. There is an hour wait for a table, and we can't even squeeze in by the bar (except for one space that happens to be next to three guys I went to high school with--no thanks), so we decide to try somewhere else. A shame, though, because the male crowd at Boundary looked delicious. We walked into Fifty/50 and it was definitely smaller than Boundary, but not so crowded. We were greeted by two douchey looking guys in nearly identical t-shirts who were standing at the door but didn't seem to be doing anything. The hostess sat us at the last open table; a tall two-top smack in the middle of the bar. Kind of weird, but we were able to see TVs clearly and that was all that mattered. The set up here is weird; it is very narrow, with a cool looking upstairs and a downstairs that is more of a lounge atmosphere. To my knowledge, there is only one women's bathroom, which might be the smallest restroom I've ever seen with only two stalls in it. Not an ideal situation to say the least. Fifty/50's beer selection is meager, with the basic domestics and Stella, 312 and two other beers on draft. Cold weather always brings on a major Guinness kick for me and I was saddened by the fact that they did not have it. Our waitress, while a little slow at times, was really nice. At one point a patron squeezed behind her just as she was setting my beer down, and it spilled a little bit, mostly on her. She was very apologetic, immediately wiped off the table and kept apologizing. Not a big deal but her acknowledgment of the situation was appreciated. Even she noted the 'poor layout' of the bar. When I opened up the menu I saw a statement that brought a huge smile to my face: "All sandwiches can be made on a pretzel roll." YESSSSSSSS! So I ordered a chicken breast on pretzel bread with cheddar cheese and regular fries for my side. My friend got a reuben with sweet potato fries. The sandwich was delicious--the chicken was juicy, the cheese was ample and the pretzel bun was, of course, amazing. The fries were good and the accompanying pickle spear was huge and crunchy. My friend loved her meal, as well. A table near us ordered these nachos that were huge and looked amazing, and a few other food items that I saw go by also looked great though I couldn't quite identify what they were without blatantly staring. And the hot towels at the end of the meal? Totally out of place and I definitely made fun of them for doing it, but once that towel was on my hands I shut my mouth and enjoyed it. Overall, Fifty/50 was cramped, loud and poorly planned between the narrow walkways and limited bathroom space. But the food was great and the crowd was friendly and pretty laid back (aside from three guys who were hitting on EVERY girl in the bar). I wouldn't go here for a Friday or Saturday night, but for football viewing and dinner it was just fine.
