My boyfriend calls this my 'happy place'. And it's true. Whenever I go to Mayan Palace, it's an excellent night. It's our go-to place for Mexican and margaritas. The chips and salsa are excellent. The salsa is just spicy enough that we always ask for more and put it on everything. I've had some other appetizers here - the queso fuendido is meh but also not something I enjoy many other places, the guacamole is excellent, but the free chips and salsa really can't be beat. Favorite entree: flautas. Fried deliciousness. Their rice and beans are so so excellent. One of my friends who is Cuban and loves Mexican food also raves about the chicken and mole. I've also had their chimichanga, tamales, and enchiladas, and all have been really tasty. Pitchers of margaritas are also a must. The peach is my favorite since it isn't overly sweet, the strawberry is misleadingly tasty (as in you can't tell at all how much tequila is in it), and our most recent favorite is the jamaica flower, which internet searching tells me is flavored from the hibiscus flower. It tastes citrus-y and is a beautiful pink color. The service here is always really great. They pour your margaritas for you even though the pitcher is sitting at your table and you could do it yourself. They're always so nice and accommodating. The first time I came here was with a huge group of people, and thanks to problems on the train, I was over 45 minutes late meeting my group. I called in my order to them, and when I got to the restaurant, the server knew exactly who I was as he directed me to our table and said that they had been keeping my plate of food warm for me and had it brought out immediately as I was seated. The real kicker that brings this to five star for service is that the last time we were here, my boyfriend left the lights on his car and the car battery died. Our server (I forget his name, but we have him 9 out of 10 times we come here) kindly offered to give us a jump, and brought his car around. Definitely above the call of duty!
