I had been hoping to dine at Rick Bayless's restaurants during my trip to Chicago in October. When it was looking unlikely we'd make it to Frontera Grill for dinner, my friend and I decided to pop into XOCO for a late lunch. I ordered the day's special tortas--al pastor. The pork was smoked with red chilies and cooked with sweet pineapple. The sandwich was packed with lots of tender meat. It was so flavorful--sweet, spicy and savory all in one bite. And the bread--oh, the bread. The secret to a good torta is the bread--it should be toasted and crispy, providing a little crunch with each bite. The bread here was spot on. My friend ordered the seafood caldo. He gave it an enthusiastic thumbs-up and after the spoonful I tried, I'd have to agree. It was flavorful, with a mix of chilies and lime. There was tons of sustainable seafood in this soup--it's definitely a hearty meal in a bowl. But the real unsung star of lunch was the tortilla chips. Now I've eaten a lot of tortilla chips in my day, so I don't take what I'm about to write lightly. These just might be the best tortilla chips I've ever eaten. No joke. They were so fresh, very light and packed with corn flavor. The accompanying salsas were fresh and flavorful, nicely seasoned with a touch of spice. And the guacamole was great--very creamy, with a good balance of the buttery avocado and citrus. As if we weren't stuffed from lunch, we decided to try dessert too. We split a churro and a soft-serve ice cream. The churro was lightly fried, made fresh with a hint of corn and cinnamon. The soft-serve ice cream was smooth and rich, with crumbled brownie on top. The brownie was made with a hint of pasilla peppers, giving it a nice touch of heat that paired well with the sweet ice cream. We picked up some cookies for later, and they were all quite tasty too. I was really impressed how smoothly things ran at XOCO. When we walked in, I was a little worried how things might go since they don't offer waiter service--would it be like a land grab in the wild, wild west? Thankfully, the hostess here had things under control, setting aside tables as diner entered. I was thoroughly impressed how smoothly things ran--from getting a table to ordering to getting our food, it was a well-oiled, coordinated machine. I wish more fast casual shops were this efficient! XOCO isn't the most formal of eateries, but it's a good spot for a quick, casual lunch without having to sacrifice the quality of the food for price and convenience.
