I was SO excited to spend a night at the fabled Palmer House this past spring! My place of business had rented a room there so some of us could get changed after preparing for an event on Michigan Avenue, and I decided to crash there overnight before heading home the next morning. The room was small. Very small. But, okay, the Palmer House has been there since, when? the late 1800's? So I'll excuse the size of the room. Decorating? Gauche. And NO FAN in the BATHROOM! Imagine three women trying to shower, change, do hair in a postage stamp room when there's no fan in the bathroom. All of the mirrors were fogged over. NOT good.  After the event, I was ready for a great night's sleep. It was around 12:30 when I crawled into bed. At 1:45, someone started banging on the door across the hall, and yelling for "LaShonda" to wake up. this went on for about three minutes, and, just as I was about to call security, LaShonda got out of bed, opened the door, explained that she was drunk and had puked all over the place, and let the door banger in. I fell asleep again at about 2:30. At 4AM, the guy in the room next to me decided it was time to call Mike and see if they could "get some women." Bill, the other guy in Mike's friend's room, kept saying, "It's 4 o'clock in the morning." But Mike's friend, apparently had a deep need for a woman. I didn't know whether to call the front desk or yell through the wall the suggestion that Mike's friend and Bill go across the hall and get LaShonda. After about ten minutes, I heard the door bang and Bill and Mike's friend headed out onto the mean streets of Chicago to look for women. Then, at about 7, the families started trundling down the hall with their wheeled suitcases and squeaky-voiced children. This eventful night at the Palmer House set my company back $321. Maybe they have extremely nice suites available for more than that, with sound proofing that really keeps you from hearing about LaShonda's puking or Mike's friend's need for women, but I would not go back. Ever. We complained to the management, and they were unmoved. So, in this case, you get 'way less than you pay for. Does not live up to hype or its storied history.
