Came here on a Saturday night around 7:30 and were told the wait was 2 hours for a table for two - which was accurate almost down to the minute. I'm an impatient person when it comes to food and typically barely tolerate a 1 hour wait, but I've been dying to come to Longman & Eagle so I knew I have to tough it out. The bar was packed - I was actually a little surprised by how tight the quarters were in the dinging/bar area. I like lively places, but also don't love eating dinner with a crowd of people crammed around my table. Obviously they run a very strong bar service, so it's just something to expect. We walked around, and then when we returned at 9 there was some standing room by the bar. I had a whiskey cocktail, since I am not a whiskey drinker but wanted to branch out a little and figured this was the place to do it. Cocktail was tasty and well priced at $8. Then the food - two of us ordered two apps to share, two entrees, then a dessert - more than enough but perfect for us gluttons. We left feeling absolutely stuffed and we couldn't finish our very generous entree platters - even after waiting with grumbling stomachs for two hours.  Cheese platter - forget the names but it was a standard blue/mild/goat cheese trio. The selections were delicious and generously portioned. Even I, who can eat a block of cheese in one sitting would have been happy sharing with 2-3 other people. Apple/barely buzzed cheese/beet/salad - this could have so easily been a throwaway dish, but it was far from it. It's a fairly common combination of ingredients, but they made it special here. We were both absolutely intrigued by the barely buzzed cheese, and will likely be ordering a wedge or 5 online. Pork belly with risotto? Epic fail in terms of remembering the exact ingredients, but I was blindsided by the perfecting that is this dish. The slab of pork belly was huge, probably too big, but perfect in taste. And the risotto, sauce, and garnishes were insane - INSANE. Steak and eggs - good, but paled in comparison to my beloved pork belly. Impressed by the running egg in a ravioli... Dessert was shortbread with bacon ice cream, maple crumble, buttered popcorn mousse in a shot glass, with some sort of spiced apple? Another "i pork-belly blacked out and can't remember the details." Definitely on the savory side, but so interesting and complex for a mere 9 dolla. Highly recommended - so worth the wait.
