I've been to the Greek Islands a number of times, as well as numerous other Greek restaurants and I am very familiar with Greek food, seeing as I am Greek. I have to say, it's definitely one of the better Greek restaurants, although I'm really not a huge fan of Greek food since I've had so much of it in my life and only really go out for Greek food with yiayia and papou (grandma and grandpa in Greek). We didn't order any appetizers tonight, though I've had their cold octopus salad and like it. I don't know, everyone seems to rave about saganaki, probably because it's a nifty concept for non-Greeks to watch their cheese set on fire before their very eyes, but I'm not really a fan. As far as entres are concerned, i decided to try something I've never had before here: the grilled octopus. I was actually pretty disappointed by this. I mean, it tasted good, but it was way too heavy on the oil (though that's Greek food for you), and it was the same size as the appetizer portion, but $10 more. Kind of a waste of money, so if you want octopus, get one of the appetizers as your entre instead. The potato it came with was kind of burnt, but the rest of it was good, as was the rice. I do have a problem with the side items at Greek restaurants. I don't think I've ever been to a Greek restaurant where the sides are actually cooked to order. I'm pretty sure they're just sitting in a big tub of potatoes or briami or bamies in the kitchen and they just pile them on a plate for whoever orders them. I didn't have any of the Greek wines with my dinner, but instead went with a white zinfandel, which was delicious, but you can't really go wrong with white zin. Either they usually don't card here, I look way older than my 21 years (which makes me sad if it's true) or it's because I was eating with some old people. I don't know. For dessert, my mother and I split the rice pudding, which was tasty, but all rice pudding is tasty, so I wouldn't say it stands out. The waiters are nice here, but almost to the point of being annoying. It's like they were hovering silently behind me waiting for me to take a sip of water before they refilled my glass. Once they refilled it and I hadn't even taken a sip. Really? I like to finish my water before it's refilled. I can't possibly believe the waiters could be that bored that they resort to compulsively filling up water glasses, since the restaurant is always so crowded, but ah well. At least they weren't creepers like the waiters at other Greek restaurants. PS: the menu on their website is different than the menu they have in the restaurant, both in terms of menu items and in terms of prices.
