Chao, Tank Noodle! Ban la nguoi ban tot nhat cua toi moi! For those of you who are not Vietnamese (like me), I'll save you the Googling and let you know that Tank Noodle is now my new best friend! I have been PHO-king around the internetz and inquiring with friends for some delicious pho/Vietnamese cuisine before my upcoming trip to SE Asia, and many signs were pointing to a trip up to Tank Noodle. I've heard only great things about it and the place is always packed, so we set a reservation for dinner, hopped in the car, and trekked up to Uptown to get Tank'd. I found metered parking outside and we made it in just at 6:30. Per the restaurant, they will hold your reservation for 10 minutes, so try not to be late! The place was packed with patrons of all nationalities (that's one way to tell it's GOOD!), ages, families, everyone. I had Pho on the mind when I got there but made the mistake of not reading the menu beforehand - be warned, it's the size of a Rand McNally atlas, and they have just about everything. I ordered the #53 Pho Ga (sans onions) and went for a grilled beef banh mi (for $3.95, take that, Subway), while my friends went for some pho, appetizers, and a shrimp dish. The food came out at random times, but we had everything within 10 minutes. I enjoyed every slurp of the noodles and broth and, despite achy hand muscles, I was proud of myself for eating half a bowl of the pho using chopsticks the entire time (I avoided using a PHOrk... ohhh, that's a stretch for a pho-joke). As you'll note in past reviews, one bowl of pho at $7.95 is enough to feed two hungry people or be eaten as 3 separate meals, so come hungry, leave happy, and take leftovers. The banh mi and a quart of pho is for lunch today. The place is super aPHOrdable and, depending on what you get, $10-15 should cover you, tax and tip. It's BYOB, too. If only I can find some 333 beer somewhere... that's "Ba Ba Ba" for you kids. Toi se xem ban som! That's "I will see you soon"... according to Google, at least. I've still got a lot to learn before I head over there. Is it January yet?!
