We came on a random Tuesday to redeem our Groupon. I wasn't sure what to expect- I'm usually good with the research n' stuff but didn't do that this time. All I knew was that this was a fancy kinda place with tasting menus. So we ended up almost missing this place as the facade was pretty nondescript.  We walk in for our 6p reservation, and it was dead inside. We were baffled- did we come to the right place? Did they close down and neglect to tell people? Dammit am I going to miss using this Groupon that we'd had for the last year?!!? Looking around, we noticed there were a bunch of empty chairs and tables in this rather surprisingly small space and the cool slate blue walls emitted a modernly sleek vibe. The center wall which hits you as soon as you walk in featured cutouts with pretty floral arrangements, and we realized that the kitchen was directly behind this wall. We finally heard rumblings in the back that echoed louder than the crickets chirping so we felt a little more relieved. Finally after a long couple of minutes we were acknowledged and were given a choice of seats. Once seated, the waiter just kinda left without explanation of anything. Again we were left to our own devices. This place does not follow your typical restaurant protocol apparently. We sat in the corner by the window and saw other people coming in and also getting seated. After a few minutes the waiter shows up with our first course. Unexpected but nice! It was a Thai curry inspired quail lollipop. I thought it was tasty, though the sauce didn't stick to the lollipop. You kinda had to drink the sauce after to kinda taste the curry, which was ok by me. It was after he brought the first dish that he let us know how the place worked. So we ended up getting the eight course tasting, rather than the thirteen courses. The second course comes out and it's a piece of lake trout. The butter poached trout was perfectly cooked, the pea puree delicate and sweet, and the sunflower tuille added the crunch factor. Overall a great dish. The third course, quite possibly my fave dish of the night, was the Motoyaki. Who doesn't love scallops drenched in a creamy mayo with some kick? DELICIOUS and decadent... YUM!! Here is where things start to taper off a little for me. The fourth course is the deconstructed loaded potato. Presentation was visually whimsically interesting. Ok, so super tiny portions of mashed potato with freeze-dried sour cream on the side, a cheddar creme anglaise, a small pile of pulverized pancetta.. I get the inventive/playfulness but the portion sizes were crazy small and the mashed potato was kinda dry. Add dried sour cream, dried pancetta , crispy potato skin and you get kinda a... (surprise!) dry dish... This dish failed in execution a little for me. Fifth course, pork tenderloin and pork belly. The sake broth was soooo "umamic", and the cherry chutney added a nice acidic touch, I LOVED this dish. The peas, though fresh, were "meh", I don't think they were fully in season yet as the peas were kinda hard. Sixth course (don't worry folks, we're almost done) was the prime rib tonkatsu. This dish was boring as hell. The beef was cooked well but it lacked seasoning and the blueberry-basil biscuits were dry and bitter. The black bean gravy was good, not great. They need to re-think this dish a little. Seventh course, reverse cheese and crackers with some homemade salami. Salami was tasty, the cheese tasted like Laughing Cow, and I think the cracker was a homemade Parmesan tuille. Could've done without this course. Eighth and final course, a tray of mini desserts featuring chocolate. Oh man, so exciting!!! Reluctantly devouring the treats, my faves were the chocolate brulee with peanut butter, a chocolate mousse, the mint chocolate brownie and the chocolate flourless cake. The others were not worth mentioning. All in all I'm glad we came here. Aside from the service blips, it was a good experience. I'm glad we had a Groupon, because I think the $85pp is a little steep for this place.
