I think I've seen this restaurant before. Yes! It's an American version of an Irish (or British, depending on how the light catches it) gastro pub, right down to the monumental bar, deep booths, a fireplace, and sausages on the menu. And it's on Michigan Avenue of all places, across the street from Millennium Park and The Art Institute -- two of the most toured spots in this big-shouldered city. Next. No! But wait! We needed a place to eat after an afternoon at the ballet (pronounce it "ball-ee" and get a free appetizer!) and it seemed like it could be delicious (friends who work in the area have raved about its lunch) and not terribly expensive. After being seated in a 32-person banquette (we were but three svelte sirs) and arranging ourselves so we could hear one another from across the table, we gazed at the menu. Since we'd had brunch not too many hours before, Daniel and I split the rabbit salad and a plate of "locally crafted sausages." The salad, I thought, was lovely. The arugula was vibrantly green, as though it had something to prove, and sprinkled with crisp rice -- a textural nuance I very much enjoyed. The rabbit, hiding coquettishly under the bush, was warm, appropriately gamey (Daniel found it a bit too gamey), and plentiful. I was a bit put off by the wedge of cheese, which I only found a few bites away from the end of my portion; it was ostentatious and didn't play nicely with the rest of the ingredients. I don't know if you've noticed, but sausage is all the rage right now. That means that if you're going to do it, you'd better do it right. The Gage, alas, overshot. Two links of a basil-infused sausage were much too fatty -- I could barely pick up my knife again after a few bites, thanks to the onset of Food Coma -- and a ruddy meat blend of a third link was only average. What's more, the beautiful, speckled mound of mustard was a total pacifist in its approach to flavor. Next to the heavy sausages was a charming pot of roasted potatoes -- oh wait, not just potatoes, but also BRIE. Really? It was a prelude to gout on a plate, it was. Dessert made up for some of those missteps -- a rich and complex gingerbread came topped with brown sugar gelato and dried fruits. It's too bad we didn't try the peanut butter beignets, but there will be more ballets in the future, I suppose, and the beer selection would beckon me back after touring with the tourists. But with so many similar outposts direct from the Isles on the north side, I'm not sure I'd return to The Gage to get my gastro pub on.
