Yelping Alinea seems stupid, since it's universally accepted as the best restaurant in Chicago, if not the country, but I do have one thing I would like to contribute to the discussion, on the subject of price, particularly for those who have never been before. I want to add that you cannot compare the expense to prior dining experiences, but rather to some other entertainment, or even travel. Here's a scenario: you get a couple choice tickets to the theater, orchestra, Hawks game, whatever ($200?), have a reasonably priced meal with wine for two before or after ($150?). There. You're about at the price for two for Alinea, and since Alinea dining averages four hours, you've spent the same amount of time either night. Compare the price to that, not to that of your (current) favorite restaurant. And I'm willing to bet that Alinea would be the one of the two options above that you remember for the rest of your life. It's definitely more out of this world. My wife and I do not have money fights. She's a teacher, I'm a community college mid-level administrator. We made it work to come here, twice, by not dining out for a few weeks in a row and giving up booze each time, which is not exactly a sacrifice in order to afford something for which there exists simply no other comparable or approximate experience. Alinea is not another restaurant - it's its own type of satisfaction.  A digressing note to any Alinea employee potentially reading this. Off the bat, you all do perfect work, thank you for doing so much to really enhance the first and second best dining experiences I've ever had. I admire your memory capabilities, agility juggling dishes and superlative commitment to service. It is in the most constructive vein that I suggest you stop the practice of pretending to remember - to the very date even -- the last time a customer dined at your restaurant. It's at best cute when you open a food explanation with a pseudo-spontaneous "I believe when you were here last April, the 12th was it, when you had the..." Especially when you did not serve us last time. Maybe some CRM research shows other diners think you really remembered them and appreciate the fleeting specialness, but I doubt it. And nothing else you do is transparent.
