Four stars hands down if you know what Neapolitan style pizza entails, but pegging it against the typical pizza that Chicago has to offer, you'll be sorely disappointed. My boyfriend and I decided to go to Spacca around 7pm without a reservation, and we were able to walk up and get a table outside without a wait! Upon being seated our waitress came over to tell us of the specials for the evening (there were several!) and took our drink orders. We both decided to try a traditional Merreti style beer, and this came out promptly after we ordered. After pouring over the menu we picked out an appetizer and a pizza that we wanted for our meal. They were as follows: 1) Prosciutto e Bufala (Prosciutto crudo, mozzarella di bufala, basil): My oh my. This appetizer made me change all of my previous thoughts/ideas about what prosciutto and mozzarella cheese entailed. I was blown away by how fresh and flavorful this dish was. The mozzarella had an almost ricotta like texture to it and was incredibly flavorful. This wasn't your dry and squeaky run of the mill mozzarella cheese, it was so much more and you'll never go back to what your local grocer offers. Hell, I'd go there just to buy a piece of this cheese off of them. As for the prosciutto, it was also very flavorful and had the right amount of salt. This paired with the mozzarella was unreal, and a small bite of the basil with each forkful of meat and cheese was outstanding. I'd come here just to have this appetizer time and time again. One of the best appetizers I've ever had, and as it should be considering it cost a whopping $15. 2) Diavola Pizza (Mozzarella di Bufala, Spicy Salami, Red Pepper Flakes, Basil): Apparently we just couldn't stay away from the Bufala cheese and had to get it on this pizza. This pizza was your typical "pepperoni" pizza, but... so much more. The base was incredibly thin, but a large crust was present--and extremely airy and fluffy. The tomato sauce was freshly made and flavorful, and it went well with the scattered cheese and salami, lightly spiced with the red pepper flakes. My only "gripe" about this pizza was that you had to cut it yourself, and all of the toppings seemed to come off with the first bite. That aside, it was incredibly fresh and tasty! The service was attentive and spot on, from the busboys to the waitress. Everyone was extremely nice inside and helpful, I can't say anything bad about this aspect of the business. All in all, I had a great experience, but it is pricey for what you get. We walked away still a little hungry, and I think the norm (someone correct me if I'm wrong?) is to get more than one pizza? When we inhaled our pizza, one of the busboys asked if he could clear away our dishes if we weren't planning on getting another pizza. The pizza isn't incredibly filling and the portions are small (outside of the appetizer) but it's very fresh and tasty, so they win four stars in my book.
