I've been waiting for some time to finally make the trek over to L&E and yesterday was finally the day. I had been hoping that by going not super late (7pm) on a Tuesday that we'd be able to avoid a super long wait. Wrong. Wah-wah. It was about a 1.5 hour wait, though a wait that was well worth it.  We hunkered down for the long wait with some libations and bar snacks. I had the Harvest sidecar, which I thought was delicious and went down like water. My dining companions all started with the Cabin Swill, which was also delicious (we like to share). After downing my sidecar, I decided to embrace Thirsty Tuesday (not the same ring as a Thirsty Thursday) and get another. We still had a good 45 minutes to wait afterall. The second drink I had was a surprise from the bartender. I can't remember what it was called but it was something with gin and looked greenish, even though the bartender swore it was purple. Either way, a surprising success for someone who isn't the biggest fan of gin. The bar noshes - pretzel with Welsh rarebit and olives, were a solid beginning to the night. The olives were surprisingly unsalty (in a good way) and the Welsh rarebit surprisingly contained no rabbit (bad joke). I love a good pretzel with cheese sauce and this was a substantial improvement over the normal ballpark fare.  Once we were seated, we started with three appetizers: the Ipswich clam belly sandwich, the pumpkin angolotti, and the meatballs. While I generally don't care for savory things involving squash/pumpkin, the agnolotti were actually quite tasty. I didn't get much of the foie gras that was supposed to be shaved on top but overall quite good. The meatballs and the clam belly sandwich were both awesome. The meatballs were tiny but packed a huge punch of flavor and the polenta/sauce/fonduta/pesto combo was a perfect compliment. I love that places around here are starting to put Ipswich clam bellies on the menu more and these were worth it. The celery root remoulade was delicious.  I had been eying the wild boar sloppy joe during my standard pre-meal online menu review and had a hard time looking at any other entree. I was not sorry I ordered it - the portion was huge, especially compared to the rest of the entree portions. The beef fat fries were awesome and perfectly crispy.  The sloppy joe was a way better version than what my mom used to make. It wasn't too sweet, which can be a problem with sloppy joes (for me anyway) and I thought the sage and jalapeno really elevated the dish to a new level. I sampled my friends' pork belly, which was awesome. I wanted to order the dish myself but based on my aforementioned dislike of savory squash dishes (this came with butternut squash risotto), I had to turn it down. I didn't really taste the accoutrements that came with the pork belly, but the belly itself was ridiculously good.  We shared two desserts: the chocolate pave and the cornbread bread pudding. While both were good (especially the caramel pudding on the pave), they weren't quite as good as the savory dishes, so next time, I think I'll order one more small plate and forgo dessert.
