The Bongo Room has its appeal, but it's definitely not for me. To my tastebuds, when it come to breakfast and brunch foods, savory fare is where it's at. So when I attempted the Bongo this Labor Day morning with some friends knowing that it was more famous for its pancakes and the like than its salty and hearty options, my expectations weren't particularly high to begin with. We had to wait an hour and twenty minutes for a table. Whatever, it's a holiday. We'd have to wait anywhere we go and bless the staff who come in to work on a national holiday. The service was excellent throughout the meal. The waitress refilled our coffees diligently, was prompt but didn't make us feel rushed, and was friendly without being overbearing. No complaints there. It is a kind of strange atmosphere, though-- like it's trying to be hip but just misses the mark in a way you can't quite explain. Maybe it's the color scheme-- the dull, unappetizing blues and greens make Bongo's seem more like a suburban hair salon than a city eatery. My three friends respectively ordered orange-ricotta griddlecakes, the chocolate french toast stack, and eggs benedict. I got an egg white omelet with mozzarella, basil, tomato, and chicken sausage. The griddlecakes were alright, but they were intensely sweet, even with the ginger butter on the side. My girlfriend liked them for the first few bites, but really couldn't finish more than one of them. My omelet was mediocre-- the sausage was flavorless, the eggs a touch overcooked, the mozzarella unexceptional. Y'all, for a year I had a student job making omelets in my college cafeteria, and for all that I didn't give the remotest shit about that job, I made more tender and flavorful omelets. It's not that hard. After dousing that puppy in Cholula it was alright, but I wish it had had some bite and flavor on its own. To Bongo's credit, my other two friends really enjoyed their entrees. It's not that the food was awful. It was hugely portioned and entirely edible-- akin to what you might expect out of a 24-hour diner. Yet there's a certain price point at which my expectations start to change. The omelet was $15. For $15 an entree, I could have eaten at Lula or Birchwood Kitchen, both of which have wowed me with their offerings. At Longman and Eagle last weekend I got a phenomenal duck confit hash with the most delectable potatoes and tender duck meat and finger-licking sauce for $2 less than I paid today. In a city with so many amazing brunch options, I just don't see myself ever going back to the Bongo Room.
