Now in its third year, Revolution has been a welcome addition to Chicago's brewing scene. For the first time, Chicago has begun to seem hospitable to good brewpubs and microbreweries, which once came and went with a depressing rapidity. I'll leave comments on the food to those who have actually, oh, I don't know, tried it. I was there primarily for the beers, with emphasis on rotating specials which were new since my last visit to Chicago a year or so ago. I was able to try eight new-to-me items, all available in 5-ounce taters, mostly at $2.00 each.  Star of the show was Rise, a wonderful stout, with hints of chocolate and coffee on the palate, perhaps hoppier than usual for stouts. My only criticism is that it was served possibly a bit too cold for the style, a problem which time and a bit of fondling of the glass took care of quite nicely. Also worthy of note: a variant on Eugene Porter, one of Revolution's permanent lines, but currently available on cask and with enough added coffee to show up prominently in the nose. Night Moves, described as a Belgo-style dark wheat ale. (What's that you say? There's no such style? Well, there is now!) This one struck me as rather like a porter; I don't think I would have suspected the wheat malt in a blind tasting. Fairly low alcohol at 4.7% ABV; this one would be my choice as a session beer. A Little Crazy, a pils with citra and cascade hops and a hint or orange rind. Flavor profile is oddly reminiscent of a witbier, probably my reaction to the orange. Solitaire: a Belgian single (enkel), Revolution's entry in this year's Illinois Craft Brewers' Guild Replicale competition, in which fifteen regional breweries all tried to produce a beer in the same style, using the same recipe. (I'd have loved to try all fifteen in a horizontal tasting, but the only other one to fall into my clutches so far has been Haymarket's version.) Oktoberfest Revolution Marzen: A nice malty mainstream rendition of the style. Riot: A Czech-style pils; Saaz (Zatec) hops added at four points in the brewing process, but somehow not displaying the grassy notes I associate with that variety.. . Rosa: A reddish ale brewed with (so help me) hibiscus flowers. Speaking of things I wouldn't have identified in a blind tasting... Friendly, informed bartender, and the five-ouncers make this a real bargain for "tickers." Good public transit access; a block or so from the California Avenue Blue Line station, and on the 74-Fullerton and 56-Milwaukee bus lines. For those trying to arrange a pub crawl, within two miles of the Map Room, Quencher's, Moonshine, and Beer Bistro's Fullerton Avenue location.
