Terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible. If you only read one part of my post, read this: DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL.I stayed at the Allerton for a few nights over new years as a getaway with my fianc, who was very ill at the time. The opportunity to get away was much needed for the both of us. We decided to book the Allerton because it seemed like a nice hotel, and more importantly, it was smoke free (as my fianc could not be around ANY smoke).When we arrived at the hotel, the room was very nice, a little small, but that's OK. It has a nice location. Checking in was easy and I have no complaints about the service we received up until the final night we were there. The last night we were getting ready to sleep; when cigarette smoke starting billowing out of the bathroom vent (which I presume was from the guest next door). We immediately telephoned the front desk to have our room moved.This is when THE MESS that is The Allerton Hotel began...Moving our room was quite a process. The front desk said that I needed to go down to the lobby in order to get the new keys for the new room. I went down to get the new keys and the attendant did not even offer an apology, even though I made it abundantly clear how much of a big deal--A HEALTH ISSUE--it was that there was smoking in the room. We also received no help with taking our baggage from our old room, to the new room.As if that was not frustrating enough...the story continues...The next day, after needing to switch rooms, and trying to sleep after my fianc felt awful from being around the cigarette smoke, I once again went to the front desk upon checkout to let them know how thoroughly disappointed I was in the situation. The front desk attendant was mildly helpful and apologized and offered to refund me about $100. I thought that this was the LEAST that they could do considering the situation.About a week goes by and I hear nothing from the hotel, and no refund is granted on my credit card. I called The Allerton and once again they reassured me that the refund would be coming and that they just needed to let "accounting" know.Fast forward two months...Still nothing from the hotel and at this point I have spoken to:The front desk attendant the night of the incidentThe front desk attendant the morning of the checkoutSomeone in accountingTwo different managersThis began the process of calling the Allerton and having them call me back, apologizing of the inconvenience about not giving me my refund. I even wrote a letter to the hotel, which they received and called me once they read it. Again, a refund was promised, but never given.It is now August 2010 (MORE THAN TWO YEARS AFTER THIS HAPPENED)...and still...NO REFUND.I will never, never, never, never, never, never stay this hotel...I suggest that you do not either.
