Well, everyone has praised this place to high heaven. Booze-wise, I think justifiably so. Excellent beer menu, to cater to all tastes! Food here as well deserves praise. I'm pork-averse but I almost ate up all the side order of bacon that we had for brunch. It was delicious, smoky, and had just the right amount of sweetness to it. Also had the frittata, which was massive and came with some really potato salad. My parents loved the pork rinds, which if you're familiar with Filipino food is basically really good chicaron, and seasoned at that. The portions here are huge by the way, so if you're not super hungry consider ordering a couple sides or splitting something with a friend. One thing though that I want to say is that I have never before eaten around so many people that I would like to punch between bites. It's very, very loud already, so you can't really ignore them, and apparently the wait staff doesn't mind if some patrons get out of control. One party in the "pens" was drunk and disruptive, and the staff did nothing. In addition to shouting, they were even harassing diners around them... nothing mean, just being really obnoxious and constantly interrupting others even when it looked like they wanted to be left alone. I guess the Publican wants to look like a chill place, but I felt the staff should've mentioned something and asked them to keep things in check. In terms of "types" populating the Publican, there are a lot of trustafarians (read: college girls with Balenciaga bags), grown-up frat boys reusing those popped-up collar polo shirts from 2004, twenty-somethings who take those American Apparel ads with minimal clothing a bit too literally, and the kind of obnoxious poser hipsters who give the actual hipsters a bad name. While I don't usually pay too much attention to other diners, factors like the close quarters with the communal tables, the tremendous volume, and having to navigate between people standing around the bar to get to your seat, all these mean that other diners are very much a part of your Publican experience. If you can deal, good on you, enjoy the deliciousness. But I would definitely pause eating at the Publican again if it looked super full. Some minor quibbles -- we had a reservation, but they still crammed us tightly next to some other people on the communal table. This was despite the numerous empty spaces further down the communal table, which remained empty for our entire meal. Also, considering it was brunch, there was a massive fail on the staff's part on keeping the coffee cups filled. Tsk, tsk.
