Holy moly, the food here is sooooo good! Every bite, every morsel, was delish! I went here for the first time with a group of 6 and we were seated at a great table right by the 2 story window with views of Grant Park. We ordered a bunch of plates to share as a table - after all, this is a tapas place, you gotta share! Our waiter was very attentive and started us off with some tomato bread (kind of like a spanish bruschetta). The unique and robust flavor was due to sherry vinegar. Yum! And we began with a pitcher of the red sangria...very good and a MUST!  Our tapas meal started off with my all-time favorite - Datiles con Almendras (bacon wrapped dates stuffed with almonds). Omg, the sauce they put pour on top when the bring it to your table is yummy! Then we had the Gambas al Ajillo (garlic shrimp). I'm not much of a shrimp person so I didn't try this one, but I'll have to take my friends word for it that it was good as well. After that, we had the Gambas con Garbanzos (flatbread with shrimp, chorizo & garbanzo bean puree). Wow...very flavorful and just wonderful! The next dish was Albondigas de Venera (scallop & shrimp meatballs, marinated grapes & shaved idiazabal). This was probably my favorite dish of the night. The texture of the meatball was amazing...very smooth. And the grapes added just the right amount of acidity to this dish. I wanted to soak up the sauce that was left in the dish it was so good! That dish was the fastest to empty. We also ordered Patatas Bravas (spicy potatoes with spicy paprika aioli) and that was tasty too...nothing too different than other places that I've been to in taste/flavor, but the presentation was beautiful (all of the dishes were presented beautifully; very simple and classy). The Setas al Horno (wild mushrooms, confit potato, shallot & parsley dish) was amazing too. The flavor they pulled from the mushrooms was outstanding... very savory. The last tapas dish we had was Tocino con Cidra (slow-cooked pork belly, cider glaze, green apples & truffle). This was my secondfavorite dish of the night. The dish had this parsnip puree on it that was to die for! Such a great textural addition to the dish. And the green apple & truffle salad was a nice and light compliment to the savory, flavorful, well-balanced pork belly. Melt in your mouth wonderfulness. We ended the meal with a fantastic sweet note. Croquetas De Xocolata (milk chocolate croquettes, banana marshmallow, rosemary caramel, arbequina olive oil). You have to try this! Talk about an experience! I highly, highly, HIGHLY recommend this place. It's a bit pricey, more than Cafe Iberico, but I think it's worth it. I loved every dish that we ordered. And there are so many more on the menu that I am dying to come back and try! The sexy ambiance with high ceilings, swanky decor, and friendly staff makes it a great place for a date or a get together with friends. Our waiter, Fred, was especially awesome. So attentive and friendly. He made a point to explain everything that came to the table. You could tell he believed in the food, supported the chef, and loved working at this restaurant. Just listening to his descriptions of each dish made your mouth water! If you're ever downtown and want something amazing to treat yourself with....check this place out.
