O dear!!! Where do i begin... It was a friday night, the boyfriend and i were at lost to where to go to for dinner at 830pm with no reservations. After a long while picking and choosing places, I suggested us to go to Owen and Engine. We love that place. But once we got there, we couldn't find parking. The boyfriend hates driving around to find a parking spot.. So.. what to do... what to do... Then, it hit me... I suggested us to go to Longman and Eagle. Parking? not a problem. There a huge parking lot across the street. I've been to L&E once, about a year ago for drinks, leaving the place, wasted. But, I remembered everything being so good and tasty. Therefore I was super excited to come in for the second time, even though i was a little nervous about the wait. But to my surprise, the wait was only 20 minutes, not even!!!! While we were waiting, my boyfriend bought us each some whiskey cocktails to try. He had the January V and I had the Shrubbery. YUMMMMNESSS!!! I liked my drink better, it's sweet and sour, definitely tasty. His drink was a lot heavier and minty. But, it was perfect to his liking. Not too long after, the friendly host came to sit us. Dinner time!!! Our server came to greet us. He was very friendly and professional. He recommended us to try the small plates and to share the entree. And that's exactly what we did; we ordered the Tartare that came with rye toasts which was very good. Pastrami Spiced Pig Head that was served with Sauerkraut Gnocchi was amazing!!! That was my favorite. It was super delicious. My boyfriend was giving me a funny look when I mentioned that we have to try that, good thing I didin't listen to him and ordered it anyways because it was amazing!!! We also had the Kentucky Fried Quail that came with Foie Gras Corn Bread. Ohhh my Lord!!! It was delicious!!! Just thinking about those two dishes makes me hungry for L&E again. Lastly, we had the Deconstructed Rabbit Pot Pie, which was good but not my favorite. However, the boyfriend finished every last bits of it. I stayed with my Shrubbery drink while my boyfriend ordered one of his favorite, the Old Fashioned, which was very strong and sharp and really good. And here comes the entree... The probably 5 pounds pork shank. I saw it coming from a distance and I knew it was ours, i was like "holy cannolli!!!" It was huge!!! We took a few bites and were already full. It was delicious. We took it home with us and ate it for the next 2 days. Still delicious!!! And for dessert, we had the Dark Chocolate Crispy Fernet Pave, Malt Gelato, Caramel Pudding. That was also very good. Then the bill came, it came up to $130 something. It was pretty pricey but to really think about it... We had at least 4 drinks, 4 appropriate sized small plates, a giant entree and a dessert??!?!?!! I think that wasn't that bad. I was also very impressed on all the servers. They definitely know their food and drinks. Our waiter recommendations were right on the spot and the rest of the servers who came to dropped off the plates for us explained everything in details what is in that plate. It can get really loud there and the waiting can get a little inconvenience since there was no waiting room and everyone just piled up around the bar area, making the entrance is a little inconvenience.The front dining room is pretty small and crammed, so, you have to walk through carefully in the dark while people are eating. But hey... once you're sat with drinks and these amazing food, you'll soon forget about all that husslings around you. This place is a must try!!!!
