As someone coming from a Colombian background, i'm offended by the lack of authentic-ness of this restaurant. If you're looking for authentic Colombian food this is not the place! I truly hope this isn't what people think the food my parents homeland has. Yes they try, but fail miserably in the little things. For example, the arepa (sort of a cornbread type flat bread). I, myself dont know how to cook at all but I even know how to make an arepa. Las Tablas arepas are store bought which are offensive to any Colombian considering it takes less than 10 minutes to prepare the real version. ESPECIALLY, when the texture and taste of a store bought arepa are COMPLETELY different. (think, elementary school cafeteria burger compared to a Kuma's burger, that big of a difference... ) Yes, I feel this strongly about it and the only other Colombian i've met in Chicago, agrees. I ordered the Bandeja Paisa which is probably the most popular dish in Colombia. and whoa! what a disappointment. Again, the lack of authentic-ness. This isn't one of those 'oh my mom makes it a certain way and this restaurant does it differently'... it's very hard to screw up the bandeja paisa and well las tablas did just that. First off, if you dont have the right ingredients, you're setting yourself up for failure. There's a specific type of bean thats used in this meal and las tablas resorted to some mexican beans.. wtf. might as well rename the dish to Mexican Bandeja. The peasants in Colombia would legit be up in arms about this. Enough about the beans and fake arepa, everything tasted dry, even the egg was a poor excuse for an egg. As you may have guessed it, I will not be returning to Las Tablas. The service was good and considering all the interesting artistic things Colombia has to offer, the decor also receives 1 star. In all honesty, if they weren't preaching their Colombian side and people weren't telling me this is the best Colombian food in Chicago, I would say, yea, go ahead and try it. But sadly, my hunt for real authentic Colombian food continues.
