Sometimes restaurants are just special. As generic as that sounds, but The Publican is one of those places. We were able to drop in at 9:30 on a Friday night and get a space at the bar. The atmosphere was one part sheik New York meat packing district, one part local diner, and maybe a little bit of Chicago's mid west flair to round it off. We started with a couple of drinks, and an order of some of the freshest oysters that I've had in memory. We had a dozen of the sampler, served with a garlic malt vinegar. 6 different types of oysters, from everywhere that's good on the east coast, west coast, and Canada. Liquor and tasting like the ocean! Excellent. Next I had to try the Serrano ham. Although it was a simple presentation thinly shaved ham and bread, that's all it really needed. It tasted of acorns. No seriously, it really did. I'll probably get shit from my chef friends for saying that, but you can't fight the truth. The steak tartar came next, and I think that's when I absolutely fell in love with this place. Roughly ground steak seasoned perfectly and served with soft-boiled eggs, parsley, and fingerlings. Absolutely fucking awesome. I really can't say it any other way. Which takes us to our next dish, a dish that I didn't really need, because we were full already, but was so so glad we decided to pull the trigger on. Think about the best Cioppino you've ever had, and it probably didn't taste as good as this. Now I know that's a bold statement, but if you follow me on Pinterest, all 26 of you, you'd see what I was talking about.  Maybe I'm just a food blogger that doesn't know anything, and I always want someone to take my reviews with a grain of salt, if they disagree, but I have to say, after eating at The Publican, I really got everything they were trying to do there. Unfuckingbelievable, to put it lightly. And oh yah, if your full after all that, and your waiter tells you there's still room for a caramel ice cream and a waffle, just listen to him. He knows what he's talking about.
