I really wanted to like this place. I enjoyed the food and drinks, but service and management was really poor. We got there a bit before our reservation and so sat at the bar where I enjoyed a fantastic caipirinha and my wife had a great mojito. The trouble came when the rest of our group arrived right on time for our 8 pm reservation and we were told that the table would be ready soon. Not a problem -- we're patient people. Except that soon = 40 minutes. A few complaints lodged and a few apologies offered, but they did nothing of substance to make up for us finally being seated at 8:40. What is the point of having a reservation if we'd have to wait for 40 minutes for the table? Our server was nice and genial but she was slow. Probably not her fault -- maybe no one told her that we had been waiting for 40 minutes and were very hungry -- and the 20-25 minutes it took her to come around to take our order seemed like an eternity when your previous meal was 9 hours past. By the way, 20 minutes between menu drop off and first order-taking appearance isn't so bad, but under these circumstances, it just added to the collective bad mood. The kitchen did move quickly and we finally ate -- the table ordered the Cuban roast pork, ropa vieja, steak and the oft-mentioned pork chop, and they were all pretty darn good. One of my friends wanted to order dessert, and she promptly dropped off the dessert menus, only to disappear for another 10 minutes. I then saw her sitting with another table -- apparently friends -- chatting away for yet another 10 minutes giving us a total of 20 minutes between when she dropped off the menu and came back to take the dessert order. I really wanted just to leave at that point, but there's no stopping my buddy from his chocolate cake, so we went ahead and ordered (I'm told the cake was awesome). Any one of those lapses would be forgivable alone, but put together, soured the entire experience for me. We finally left at 10:30. Food was great, but my experience with service and management was terrible -- so the average is 2 stars. Sorry Cafe 28. Won't be coming back. Which is a shame...
