This was my first visit to the Purple Pig after hearing all the rave reviews. I must say, every one of them is right!My boyfriend and I came in for a late lunchtime snack before dinner later in the evening and just expected a pleasant bite to tide us over. The place was very busy. We were greeted by a very sweet hostess who made time to greet us the second we walked in the door (despite the barrage of job applicants!) She politely excused herself from them and headed straight over to greet us. We requested outside seating and were promptly sat at the first large table.We were stunned by the lovely foliage that surrounded us, although the bees were the downside of that factor. Almost immediately after being seated our server came over to say that she'd be right with us. She carried several wine bottles in her hands and was seemingly very busy (the patio was packed) although she never showed it.A few minutes later our server (Kate) returned and told us about the menu. We explained that it was our first visit and she broke down the menu for us and the style of service. Then she explained the few items that were unavailable until after 4 pm. We were disappointed by the Deviled Eggs not being available (We heard they were great) but she quickly directed us towards the Fried Manchego, saying that it had a great Spanish flair served over membrillo and was well worth the trip. We also ordered the Bread Balls. We were then directed towards the wine list and she offered to pair our food with a few different Portuguese wines that she liked. The wine list reads like a novel, a bit intimidating. But after explaining the different sizes, we were less confused, but only slightly. We decided against wine since we were eating dinner in a few hours. We got our food pretty quickly and just minutes apart. The Bread Balls were ok. Tasted a little common, but the manchego was delicious!! We wanted to try a panini and Kate suggested the porcetta panini for us to share because it was served as two separate pieces and was the most delicious sandwich...EVER. I have to say, that as a person who doesn't like rosemary, I hated the salsa on the sandwich. My boyfriend, however, ate every last bite! He raved about it for the remainder of our visit. (and long after!)We were brought dessert menus and told that the iris was the way to go. We were full and declined. We sat for a little while longer and enjoyed the casual atmosphere around us. It cleared up quite a bit and we chatted with Kate for most of the rest of our visit. We joked about all the press and she joked about chasing off the paparazzi on her way out of work. Her kind and professional demeanor made it clear (along with the hostess and myriad of people who came to check on us, deliver food, etc) that this was a great place to work and eat. We eagerly await our next visit to try the wine and experiment more with the menu. Bravo!
