I would actually give Anteprima 4 1/2 stars. We went on a Saturday night around 8 p.m. - to this latest "it" spot in Andersonville - so it was pretty much our fault that we waited for nearly an hour and a half to sit down to eat (they don't take resos). Boy was it worth it though!  The space is quite adorable and home-y, but with an equally elegant feel. Our experience from start to finish was wonderful. Even though it was later - nearly 10p.m.- when we got sat (and they close at like 11) our server was helpful and tourguided us through all the specials, menu and wine list. The service and food were prompt (I'm sure they knew after all the wait we were hungry), but we did not feel rushed at all.  All of our food was flavorful and perfectly done. We started with a chilly bottle of Prosecco, along with a special, and amazing Leek Tart for an appetizer. God that was good! We also shared an arugula salad. The combination of the spicy dressing with the arugula salad was a bit overpowering (all the peppery flavor) but still it was pretty good. At the suggestion of my friend, who had been there before, all three of us at my table got the NY Strip steak. OMG was it perfectly seasoned and crusted on the outside yet tender and juicy on the inside. Exceptionally perfect! That may have been one of the most beautifully presented and best tasting steaks I've ever had (and from a little Andersonville storefront type Italian restaurant none-the-less!!). I would go back just for that. I think the steak came with some spinach salad and other greens, which was Italian-appropriate and made the entire dish somewhat lighter. I appreciated that. We had been drinking a lot of white wine/sparkling, so wanted to stick with white, even though we were having red meat. Our server came to the rescue and recommend a completely perfect, tad heavier white wine (it was Italian, but don't remember the grape) that worked just beautifully with the meat. It actually REALLY complimented it! Our server was really great!  The desserts we shared, a chocolate hazelnut pie and berry tart, were very nice also. The best part was definitely that steak though. I WILL BE BACK!
