Gilt Bar has all the major elements that make up an epic Girl's Night Out. Beautiful space. It's dark, very urban with wide wood tables, soft leather seating, vintage decor and gorgeous and elaborate chandeliers. On a date? The dim lighting will be sure to show off only your best assets. While we were upstairs in the dining room, we did take a peek into the lower level lounge. Dark, sultry and very sexy, this is the place to break out the Loubies and mingle with pretty people. Leave your puffy coats at home. Delicious cocktails. There is never a bad time for St. Germain cocktails! Sweet and bubbly, they go down a little too fast, which just adds to the fun! They also have an expansive wine list if you're in the mood for something a little more serious. Decadent, rich and sinful food. I'm somewhat relieved it took me this long to get to Gilt Bar. The menu features rustic bistro fare, all of which is very heavily loaded with butter. With six girls at our table, I was able to try a nice sampling of the menu. High points include: + Steak Tartare. This dish comes with super buttery toast, a garlic/mayonnaise butter spread, and tart gerkins. The portion size is quite large and is topped with a runny egg. + Garlic Toast. Warning. If you are on a date or planning on getting lucky, I would advise against this dish! A loaf of rustic bread sits in a pool of roasted garlic cloves in balsamic vinegar, olive oil and I'm sure... butter. Be careful, Vampires!! + Pear Salad. To be honest, I should have gotten the pear salad and stopped there!! The huge six once-ish portion of blue cheese was intense!! With delicate greens and sweet pears, it would have been just enough. Or maybe not... + Cod. Drowning in butter. Girls on a diet... you just can't win here. Just don't try!! + Bouchot mussels with white wine, shallots, herbs. While the mussels were very good, they weren't the best I've ever had. + Chocolate Pie. I'm not really in to super chocolatey desserts, but this dessert was like sex. It actually might be better. So there you go. If you love delicious food, got in a good workout and are looking to have a great evening, Gilt Bar is a good choice. Make a reservation!
