I figured I should revisit this review as I actually sat down and ate at Chicago q this time. I helped my friend move out an old couch and move in a new one on Saturday, so he said he'd take me out to dinner on Sunday and I picked this place. (Oh and when I use the word "couch", I'm talking about some ridiculous 3 piece monster couch. Just to set the record straight.) Anyways, upon walking into this place, my first thought was that it was much bigger than I thought it was going to be. It has a very prominent bar area in the front that is pretty well set-off from the dining area in the back part of the restaurant. The dining area is pretty open, with a large window into the kitchen. There's also a staircase in the center that leads to an upstairs dining area? I wasn't fancy enough to go up there though. Most everything is made of dark wood and the atmosphere is semi-casual, semi-fancy. One weird part, in my opinion, was the very large, two-story, back-lit picture of a gloomy day in the country. Why so large? Why so gloomy?? Overall though, the place has a classier feel to it, which you might think is weird for a BBQ place. It really isn't, especially once you sit down and are focused on your giant rack of ribs. We were seated and we started ordering. We got the cheddar/bacon hush puppies. They were good, but I didn't taste much cheddar and I didn't taste any bacon at all. The dipping sauce they came with was delicious though. We used the excess for our complementary (kettle?) chips. Soon, we all ordered the "q2". Between us we had pretty much everything: ribs, pulled pork, chicken, brisket. I had the baby back ribs and pulled pork. All delicious. This place has very good ribs. The pulled pork was the best of the non-rib meats, in my opinion. They also supply 3 different BBQ sauce, and I think they changed out the third and worst sauce from last time I had takeout with a better new one, so that was good. At the end, my friend paid and we walked out. On the way past the hostess desk, I was about to put my moves on the pretty, Winona Ryder-in-Beetlejuice-eque hostess, but right then we were chased down by our mustached waiter (a lot of waiters here had mustaches). He asked us if "everything was alright" because apparently my friend forgot to put the tip down. Super embarrassing. I knew I shouldn't have let him handle the bill... plus he blew my chance with Winona. Oh well, next time?
