OK, so people like the pizza, I get it. It's definitely a gem when it comes to thin crust pizza in a world of deep dish behemoths. However, let's also take into consideration the service; neo hippi twenty somethings really give you that "we dont give a s*** about you" service with a smile.  I arrived at Piece at about 7:30pm on a Friday, which is pretty much prime-time for them. They said there was going to be a 1 hour wait, which I can definitely handle. I put my name down on a list with the hostess at the front who assured me that their full proof system of "hey, we'll find you" really works. So, we go to the bar and start drinking, about a half hour goes by so I check back to see how close we were to being seated and also to let them know exactly where I would be sitting at the bar to make it easier for them to find me.  Another 45 minutes go by and still no one has "found me".  So I go back to visit the girl at the front, I ask "where are we now on the list?" She looks up what appears to be a scratched out line on her list. She then says, "oh, like, we looked for you twice, and like, yelled and stuff. And we like, couldn't find you". So i quickly reply, "ok, well, if you recall, i specifically came out here to let you know where I was," obviously with no faith in this half ass system. With no apology, remorse, and concern for a patrons well being she simply says she'll "get me into the next table". These tatted up, indy high school drop outs could not have had a further clue about customer service.  I get that you drink PBR and draw on your Chuck Taylors, and that's cute n' all, but when you are at a place of business, act like it.  Despite the half ass service, the pizza was very good. I think there pepperoni is some of the best; it appears to be something a little bit more traditional with spots of white fat on it that can only add to the overall flavor.  The "meatballs" were not really meatballs as much as they were ground beef, calling it "ground beef" works too. This place is definitely worth a visit, but the owner needs to have a talk with some of their staff.
