We went there this past Friday night (6/15/12) with a $20 voucher from Living Social, which was enough to cover the cost of one of our entrees. This place is only a few blocks from home, and we've been wanting to try it for some time. As soon as we walked in, we experienced the wonderful aromas of all the delicious foods being prepared in the kitchen. The waitstaff was friendly enough, although it seemed as though every waitress in the building was taking turns at our table, probably because there were only a few other patrons dining at the time. The food was delicious -we had the Braised Short Rib Goulash & the Pork Schnitzel- but the servings were a bit too conservative for the price, in my opinion. Perhaps I've been spoiled by large Western portions my entire life, but if I'm laying out that kind of dough for a meal, I not only expect to be full (we were) but I also wouldn't mind taking a doggy bag home to enjoy later, so as to relive the wonderful flavors one more time. Had we not had the discount voucher, I would not have elected to pay the comparatively exorbitant prices(s) for dinner.Also, since we did have a coupon, the waitress asked us if we'd mind if she added the tax & tip before subtracting the voucher. This took us both completely by surprise, as we'd never been asked such a thing before. Thus we were caught off guard, and agreed that that would be fine, thinking she meant to include the tax on the full total, and then we would know to add the gratuity according to the pre-discounted amount. Having worked in the restaurant industry, I fully appreciate the astonishing frequency with which servers get stiffed, so I had no problem tipping on the full total. But when she brought back the bill, it seemed as though there'd been a funny bit of jiggery poker with the numbers, which made us both feel as though we were being fooled by some subtle sleight-of-hand attempt to bilk more money out of us. She added her own tip, which seemed very presumptuous (typically a gratuity is only added to the check for parties of 6 or more), but it turned out to be less than we would've wound up tipping had she simply allowed us to do so on our own. That being said, perhaps the waitress learned a lesson that night.Also, there was some live music entertainment, which was delightful. But the silence between songs was deafening, which made for awkward conversational pauses, because it seemed as though everyone in the whole place could hear us, including one of the waitresses, who was casually eavesdropping as she repeatedly walked by our table. She even banged into a chair at one point, because she was paying more attention to our conversation instead of where she was walking.Finally, when the bill was brought to us, there was an envelope for the entertainment with a suggested donation of $5-$10 PER GUEST. As a performer myself, I understand wanting to be compensated for my services, and I'm not normally opposed to a pass the hat situation. But at a nice-ish restaurant like Little Bucharest, I don't expect to be hit with a cover charge like that, ESPECIALLY with such overpriced menu items. Again: rather presumptuous. If the owner can't afford live entertainment (or just chooses not to pay the performers), then perhaps an iPod or CD would be a better choice. It certainly seemed like bad form & poor etiquette to expect the patrons to pony up even more money on top of an overly expensive meal.We will not be going back.
