Sundaaaaaaaa. After missing our flight from ORD to MIA we decided to spend another night in Chicago. I wanted sushi so of course, I turned to Yelp and was not disappointed. We arrived around 8 o'clock Monday evening and the place was packed! They offered us a place at the sushi bar, communal high tables or regular bar. We chose the bar (if you read my other reviews, you'll understand why).     Our bartender/waitress was incredibly knowledgable and friendly. She walked us through the menu and convinced to drink over six glasses of Moet as a result of the cute raffle they had going on. Each glass would get you some sort of prize, either a moet inspired stocking stuffer (I won a keychain, candle and flashlight) or a free glass of champagne. I was obsessed.    On to the food. We were both really hungry and wanting to try everything (or maybe it was me). Either way, as appetizers for the two of us, we ordered the dim sum style pork dumplings, edamame and miso soup (plain). Then as entrees we ordered the lobster and wagyu beef rolls and dragon rolls. As well as an order of the 6 oz wagyu beef filet because desperately wanted to try it and see if it lived up to the hype. It did. It was delicious and served with a bowl of sticky, sticky awesome rice. The steak melts in your mouth the way every steak should. Amazing.    The lobster and waygu rolls were so fantastic. They were spicy as they had some sort of wasabi sauce and jalepeno tucked inside, but the spice was a gradual heat that wasn't overwhelming and didn't take away from the rest of the roll. We ended up asking for another order they were so good. The dragon rolls were the best I've ever had. The avocado was fresh and actually had the taste of avocado which seems to fade at typical sushi places. The dumplings were served in a dim sum box and were sticky and tasty! The miso soup was also really good and not overly salty. My only regret is that I wish I would have tried it with oxtails. Overall, everything was fresh, which is what stood out the most to me. **** The only reason that I'm not giving Sunda five stars is that all of the food was brought out AT ONCE! We had ordered everything hoping to take our time and enjoy our courses, but it was a little bit difficult with seven plates of food in front of you. Either way, we made due and absolutely enjoyed it. I really want to go back. :(
