I'm not typically one for elitist type bars - I mean, I'm from Austin... It's all about the humble dive bar here! But I must say, there is a certain intrigue about The Violet Hour. The door doesn't look like a door, the exterior is regularly repainted to confuse passerby's, once inside, the minimalist hallway adds to the anticipation... What will it be like? Will the drinks live up to the hype? The interior is very understated and elegant, reminiscent of 20s glamour. Lush velvet curtains hanging from warehouse height ceilings dividing the large space, crystal chandeliers dot the room with low light. Our party of four was sat at a booth in the middle part of the lounge. And then you hear the music. The only fail of this cocktail lounge. Not only too loud but very odd music selection. I want to talk to my friends, instead I was yelling. And then whispering. And then startled back to yelling again. Not what I want to experience in such an elegant space. Maybe jazz would be a better option? Or just turning down the volume? The drinks. Yes. The jewels of this establishment. Let me start by saying it did my Texas hill country heart proud to see Austin made Tito's as the only vodka on their specialty drink selection. Yes. Tito's is the best. Thank you for recognizing that fact, Chicago. At our table, we enjoyed Thick as Thieves, the Blinker, Austin 75, Old Fashioned, Fang's Out and the Juliet and Romeo. Each one was perfectly crafted and delicious. Our waiter was helpful but a little absent. The bartender catered to the pregnant woman at the table by mixing a delicious $5 mocktail. $12 for each drink is pricey but worth it when mixed as thoughtfully as ours were. Some reviewers have mentioned the list of rules. Well, on a Tuesday night, it seems they weren't strictly enforced - we saw a young man in a wife beater (not that I particularly cared). We did wait about 20 minutes to get a table and I'm not sure I would wait in a line that went around the block, but overall, I believe the Violet Hour was a worthy Chicago experience.
