I went there with some friends one night. I'm not sure why intelligent people would spend hard earned money to be treated like 6 year olds.Here are some of the things I learned were NOT allowed:- NO standing - You will be shown to your seat by a Violet Robot. You are not allowed to move from your seating area. I don't think you need to ask permission to use the washroom (I didn't have to go, but would have raised my hand if I needed to), but you are not allowed to move about your area. Yes, you are in a group timeout.- NO Cell Phones - Now, I think this is actually a good rule. Sitting around people constantly yammering into their phones is no good, but there are times when a quick text comes in handy. Trying to coordinate a large group sometimes calls for improv, but no, don't think of texting here. It's against the rules, and this is actually written and posted somewhere.-NO deviating from the menu - Don't even think that just because they have Vodka and Cranberry juice behind the bar, you'll be able to get a Vodka Cranberry. What, are you crazy? You have to order from the list of items on the menu. I tried to get something else, no go, even though they had the ingredients. So I dutifully ordered off the menu, like a good boy, lest I get sent to the Principal's office, or perhaps even expelled!-NO moving of the furniture - Ok, before anyone thinks I'm some aspiring interior decorator, let me explain. We were seated in a large group, and I was on one end of our seating situation in some type of Alice in Wonderland huge chair. The conversation at the other end caught my attention, and I leaned in to hear. I already knew I wasn't allowed to actually walk over there, that would require standing, a punishable offense. So I moved my chair in a bit, no more than a foot, and by no means causing anyone any inconvenience. I was chastised by a Violet Robot - Sorry sir, you're not allowed to move the furniture. Ok. Got it. I just sat in my throne of isolation wondering what I could do, and thinking the drinks must be the stuff of legends for people to pay for this experience.Well the drinks came and they were tasty. But the night was already ruined for me. And, by the way, they were gracious enough to include the tip on the bill. Yes, true to form and in the spirit of treating patrons like small children, they were nice enough to calculate it for us, and give themselves a tidy 20 percent tip in the process. I guess that's the going rate for babysitting these days.DO go there if you need structure, if you have no social skills, if you don't value your money, and you are into being treated like a small child.Don't go there if you like choices, if you want something simple to drink, if you think waitstaff should actually WORK for tips, and if you want to just chill out and relax. I found nothing relaxing about being chastised every so often...One star for the comedy. I mean, it's kind of funny when I think of the absurdity of it all, but once was one time too many.
