One of the guys The Housemate works with likes to joke that they have a parking lot attendant because the people who eat there don't like starting their own cars. Yeah, it's that sort of Old Skool Italian, and I really enjoy it. The food isn't the best Italian I ever ate, but it's good. It's the circus side of Bread and Circuses where Sabatino's really shines. Enter through the bar area which has a nice 50s-60s lounge feel complete with a baby grand piano, and entertainer. We sat out there for about twenty minutes waiting for our table and noticed that one of the owners seemed to know almost everyone who came in. There's a lot of hugging and kissing that goes on at Sabatino's along with the usual "How's the family?" stuff. The dining areas are also pretty classic. There's one of those taverna-style rooms with the faux grapes hanging from the ceiling, and a more formal room with oil paintings of Venetian canals and elderly peasants. You know what I'm talking about. There are also classic 50s favorites like Oysters Rockefeller, Shrimp de Jonghe, Steak Diane (prepared at your table!), Chateaubriand and the ubiquitous Cesar Salad. "Genuine" Roquefort dressing is extra, and yes that does mean something. Roquefort is not just any old blue cheese, and it's kind of cool that they know this and yeah, charge accordingly. The cocktails are nice and strong, and you can get the brands you want (The Housemate and I both like Bombay Sapphire gin and that's what we asked for.) at what I thought was a pretty reasonable price. The menu is large; there's something for everyone here from steaks to seafood, though if you're vegan you're probably out of luck. Still there's a lot of different pasta choices and they do offer sides of asparagus, broccoli or spinach with garlic and oil. You could probably do pretty well, if you had to. I had shrimp de jonghe and it was a bit over done, IMO. The breadcrumbs were very brown where they ought to have been golden, and the shrimp were the tiniest bit tough. Good flavor, though, and a generous portion went a long way toward making it better. The side of spaghetti was delicious as was the salad, the soup and my dessert of profiteroles with hot fudge sauce. Very nice cappuccino, too, though the regular coffee looked pretty thin, and Meester Jim and The Housemate agreed that it was pretty much what we call church coffee. Service was good in spite of how jammed the place was. There were always refills for our water, more bread, more coffee. Dirty dishes got cleared away quickly and fairly unobtrusively. The servers had that air of having been there since forever and they were all pleasant and helpful. Prices were pretty average for a place like this, and I was surprised that our bill ended up being so low. In fact we asked our waiter to be sure he hadn't left off anything, for which he thanked us. But no, it was all on there. Frankly I thought for what we got, it was pretty reasonable. Over all I'd say that Sabatino's is one of those fun places where you go for an experience more than just a meal. It's a nice place for grown-ups, particularly if you have a lively sense of nostalgia. We'll be going back for sure.
