I had dinner here for the first time on Thursday.  They have an EXCELLENT bourbon/whiskey/scotch menu. It is perfect for the conisseur or a beginner. My buddy had 2 different flights, and said both were very good (and he LIKES scotch) and reasonably priced. We next tried several small plates. The pretzel and welsh rarebit was good, but was nothing unusual. They had a small plate special of lobster, gnocchi, mushrooms, etc. This was excellent. My friend also had the English Pea Agnolotti, Roasted Trumpet Royal Mushrooms, Grana Padano, Black Truffle Vinaigrette and tried the beef tartar with the quail egg, pickled shallots and capers, which he said were well done. The bone marrow dish was also very flavorful, with an excellent red onion jam. Again well executed, but nothing shocking. For the entree, I tried the beef brisket. It had duck fat fingerlings (very good), a pasta filled with bone marrow, and was good for the first few bites. However, of the 5 slices of beef, 2 were complete cuts of fat. While I expect brisket to have fat on it, serving 2 slices of pure fat with no beef at all was not good. However, our server, Jacob, came over to check on us at just that time, and when he looked at the brisket, he commented that this was unacceptable, before I had even mentioned anything. He insisted on bringing me another dish and taking the beef off our tab. I instead tried the suckling pig. This was INCREDIBLE! The pig was extremely juicy and flavorful. It had what I would describe as a corn puree surrounding it that was an excellent balance to the pig. It also had a small amount diced fruit on top of the pig and a pimento oil sauce drizzled around it that worked well with the pork. My friend tried a bite and agreed it was the best thing we had eaten there that evening. I would recommend this to anyone. All in all, a VERY good meal. 2 flights of alcohol, 6-7 well executed small plates and a delicious entree for under $100. And Jacob, our server, was very attentive, especially during the dinner rush. I'll be back.
