I've been lucky enough to have been traveling to Andersonville to hit up the Hopleaf for several years, pretty much since I moved to Chicago.  First and foremost, the selection of beers is fantastic, especially in regard to those of the Belgian persuasion. I've been lucky enough to sample some incredibly rare (oh, and tasty) Belgians here. For those of you lambic lovers, the Hopleaf has, at times, been lucky enough to get Cantillon Jonge Lambik on draught. I've heard from fairly reputable sources that it may be the only time it's been available outside Belgium. And it's not just the incredibly rare. They have a few beers in almost every sub-genre of Belgian style beer. It's almost guaranteed they have some stuff you've never had before. Always cool. In the past couple of years, they've expanded drastically. In this new space, they've opened a second, smaller bar and a full kitchen and (smoke-free!!!!) dining room. The menu is small, but quite diverse in selection and always has interesting selections. This past weekend, wild boar stew and veal sweetbreads sat aside the more common steak frites and ham sandwich. Their specialty (surprisingly) is Belgian-influenced foods, especially mussels and fries. You're also likely to find at least a couple of dishes made with beer as an ingredient. Reward your taste buds with one of these fine dishes. Occasionally, I have a gripe with the service. Sometimes it can be quite gruff and cold. However, my last trip was actually the best service I've ever had there. Perhaps it's an issue they're addressing. We were asked to vacate our table, which was a little frustrating. However, upon leaving it turns out we were asked by another selfish, ridiculous patron and not by the staff. They apologized profusely and told us we were welcome to stay as long as we wanted. My only true complaint is that I was unable to tell the bastard my true thoughts. Anyway, I'm a fan of the Hopleaf and would recommend it anyone. Hopefully you'll enjoy your experience and try an awesome new Saison or Flemish Sour Ale while you're there.
