The only thing preventing me from rating this restaurant at least 5 stars is the experience was only for lunch and one visit.  It takes another Yelper to take you to a new spot. On my recent visit to Chicago, I went to various places, some I have eaten at before and others relatively new. My experience with Sunda was great. Lyn P whose review you can find here too, recommended and met me at Sunda while she was on a short visit to Chicago post her vacation to other lands. Her company was very much appreciated because she knows her food and upon her great recommendation I found a new place to take friends to when I visit.  Jojo - if you are downtown on your visit, I recommend this place. Sunda labels itself Asian Fusion which usually means a slight higher level of Asian food with a mix of various dishes from other Asian countries. Sushi predominates the menu but you see a sprinkling of Filipino, Korean and Thai influences. The Filipino dishes are presented in a familiar but tasty presentation. The fried egg rolls are thin and meaty. The sauces on the side gives you an option of the vinegar or sweet n sour sauces. I prefer the sour, Lyn prefers the sweet. I also ordered the Pork buns (pulled pork that is placed in between steamed buns and delicately flavored). As with new places I over order and also got the spicy tuna sushi which had the nice spiciness that I craved for with some crunch as you bit into it. Lyn ordered the garlic noodle dish and was happy with her choice. We had some tea with pomegranate juice (you are provided both items separately (small glass on top of the pitcher that you mix together to get the right taste for you). Overall, the food was good, pricing reasonable and since I overordered, I brought my leftover pork buns to savor for dinner. Note: Lyn mentioned that the Chef was Filipino which is why there were some Filipino dishes in the menut that often are lacking with Asian fusion cuisine restaurant. Most Filipino dishes are mix of various cultures from Indiai to Chinese to Malayan and Spanish influences.
