First time in...Will I be back...? hhmmmmmm Well I have to say this place can really pack 'em in. The place was crammed on a Tuesday night. When calling for a reservation use this simple key to select the area you'd like to sit. Bar -- I want to sit in a space that's cramped, filled with loud piano music and shouting people and won't be able to hear myself think over the ear piercing noise Upstairs -- Quiet yet social setting a bit removed from the hubbub but can still hear the muted piano through the floor Dining Room -- Really nice set up that allows for conversation and swank surroundings. why can I still hear the piano No matter where you sit...the service is about the best I've experienced. Knowledgeable staff perfectly attentive (not there when you don't want them and always there when you do) really personable and impeccably trained. truly sets this steakhouse apart from the dozen or more alternatives. Wine list was VERY extensive as were the prices for some pretty low brow choices. We had the XD Founders Reserve 2009. Fantastic Pinot...140.00 a bottle...gulp! you'll find what your looking for on the wine list for sure!  Apps were the highlight of the event. The selection was great (oysters, caviar, tuna tartare, carpaccio and lobster bisque to name a few) very well balanced offering for any taste and really well prepared. The bisque needed a bit more kick. Perhaps a dash of brandy or some red pepper in the stock phase would make the difference. Settled for peppering it at the table and it made do. Main courses were top rate meats with many many selections for size, cut and flavor. The bone in rib eye was astonishing as was the bone in fillet. As you'd expect....well demand for a 60 dollar steak....they were cooked to perfection. It's not the hardest thing in the world to do, and they really got it right here. The Tomahawk was a sight to behold. From 40 feet away it was a sight to behold. Side dishes we tried were the lobster mashed potatoes and the sauteed spinach. Both great tasting and prepared very well. The lobster potatoes got a bit sticky through the meal. If you order those...make sure you eat them fast. They definitely firmed up and were a bit a of paste later on. Dessert....Man....The Butter cake at this place was AWESOME!!!! Leave room for it. Totally worth it. I could probably go back for that alone! Ok....so after thinking it through there are a couple things. Yea the food was good, but it's a steak and it's not really an amazing feat of culinary genius to get one done right. The service was fantastic and the 'experience' of the service was something I'll remember for a while. The sides were creative and well planned and it's always a nice surprise to find. So what is it about this place that didn't WOW me? What would I tell my mom to do if she asked about going there?  I don't think I'd recommend it. It's a matter of value. the bill came and it was huge for two of us and I can't say that all the stuff added up to be worth the price they charge for it. The individual elements were nice and the food was OK, but at the end of the day I'm looking to say that this place is amazing. but I can't; the value and it just isn't there. Cut the prices in half...Absolutely. GREAT value. at over 500.00 for a party of two. Hhmmmmmm. I'm happy to spend that kind of money on dining out. Just don't think I'll be back to that place.
