Wish there were negative stars for Green Mill. I cannot believe you people gave it 4 and 1/2 stars. Perhaps they have good jazz bands playing, but I'd rather stay home forever and listen to my MP3s then let myself and my guests be humiliated by their lowlife bouncer (some old tattooed gorilla), their attitude-driven waiters, or their impolite manager. The other night I went there with my guest (a lady visiting me from abroad who happens to be an elite French socialite); please put yourself in my shoes for one moment when the bouncer started telling us in harsh words that we're here to enjoy the music and better keep our mouths shut, turn off our cell phones, OR ELSE! Remember, this was an introduction, we gave no reason to believe we were there to disturb anyone. Then, the gorilla asked me for their cover charge. Already baffled by his unexpectedly rude welcome, I fumbled through my pocket, grabbed some dollar bills, and added them together randomly just to gather the required sum, rushing to pay and end this conversation before it would ruin our night. When I handed him the money, he asked me what country we were from, and continued in the same incredibly rude tone: "is this how you handle money in your country?". (As a context reminder: yes, he had to count the money I gave him in a random pile of 4 singles and a twenty - a daunting challenge for this primate - but there was no line behind us, not even a soul waiting impatiently, to justify - if there is any valid justification - the bouncer's attitude. Contrary to my better judgment, I did not yank my money out of his hand and leave, because Green Mill is Uptown, far from any alternative entertainment spot, and I did not want to spend our Saturday night behind the wheel. Instead, I persisted in my mistake and stayed. The place was stuffed, no room to even stand. Apparently, overcrowding was not contradicting Green Mill's "concert hall policy". They would stuff far more inside then probably their legal capacity, as long as people would pay the cover and the overpriced cheap wine they serve. That is, if you have the patience to wait standing QUIETLY half and hour to be noticed by the waiter. My advice: go there if you feel like being humiliated on a beautiful jazzy musical background. Highly recommended for masochists. My advice to the Green Mill staff: to the benefit of this historic locale, please start (quietly) firing (at?) each other. This used to be one of Al Capone's favorite spots. Just imagine how would he handle this...
