To preface this review, I must say that I am a bit pretentious myself, perhaps lending to my insatiable need to frequent The Violet Hour as much as possible. That being said, I'm going to write this review as sort of a point-counterpoint to all the 1-star reviews I've been reading (and laughing at). Playing the role of Point are the mongoloids that cannot discern the difference between mixology and oenology (and probably can't pronounce the latter), and playing the role of Counterpoint are my words, the reasons why I love this place so much. Point: OMG, so, lyk, I tried to order a RedBull and Burnett's Cherry Vodka (my fav, totes!), and they got all snobbish and shyt. What doz this place think it is? Trump Tower? OMG! Counterpoint: You must be one of those people that goes to a restaurant and tries to order something that's not even closely related to a menu item. The point of going to The Violet Hour is to try the drinks off the menu. You can order a Red Bull - Vodka anywhere; however, try ordering an Oldest Living Confederate Widow at any other bar in the city. If you really MUST have a vodka soda, keep reading the menu -- they offer a wide variety of specific spirits that the bartender will whip up for you with a mixer (one they have, obviously). Sure, they don't have Grey Goose, but if you think Grey Goose is the best vodka ever made, go back to Manor, and stay there. Please. Point: So we r 15 hot gurlzzzzzzz and we got in line at like 11 on Friday nite and ther was a looooong ass line and the bouncer wouldn't even except a blowjob as a way of getting us in! Terrible service like whoa. Counterpoint: Go earlier. If you want to make a night out of The Violet Hour, you've really only got two options. Go early and chill there for a while, drink some drinks, soak in the ambience, and chat your night away. Option two? Stand in line. Don't like going to places early? It's not my problem, nor should it be TVH's problem. Maybe it's based upon my preference to arrive early and on weekdays (preferring to spend my weekends at house parties and the like, things that aren't available on a Wednesday evening at 8 pm). Maybe I like to use my brain too much. I don't know. In regards to service, every server I've had there has been witty, not pushy, and incredibly knowledgeable about the drinks and mixology in general. Call it luck of the draw, but I calls 'em like I sees 'em. Point: There rulez on the wall r soo dumb.  Counterpoint: Do you walk into a mosque drinking a beer with your shoes on? No. Do you go to your mother's house and piss on the floor? I'd hope not. You go somewhere - they have rules - respect the rules. I might think it's dumb that my mother won't let me piss on her floor, but I'll respect that because I'm a guest at her establishment. Perhaps working in a restaurant has sullied my opinion on being a "guest," or perhaps I'm just respectful. Either way, baseball caps at the bar are for douchebags and actual baseball players. And perhaps hip-hop artists. TVH's rules add a bit of classiness to a part of town that's being taken over by the nouveau college grads that still frat it up on the weekend, slaying ho's and whatnot. Point: Y is it so dark? And Y are the drinks sooo xpensiv?! Counterpoint: Eat more carrots, and live within your means, respectively. The ambience is classic and refined (refer to my earlier counterpoint on classiness at TVH), and their prices reflect the effort that not only goes into engineering the cocktails, but also the ambience. It's not cheap to carry as many obscure liquors as they do, and to cut down on the number of original cocktails or the number of ingredients would do an injustice to the world of finely crafted cocktails and the overall theme of TVH. I don't eat at Alinea because I can't afford it. If you don't like 12 dollar cocktails that take time and effort to make, then go to whatever dive-y crap you prefer and enjoy your dollar beers, poser. Spend money on your passions. Some people's passion happens to be mixology.  --- Overall, if you're into a dimly lit, classy atmosphere centered around an experience that's best experienced at a slow pace (a pace that many people in America seem to have forgotten), then visit TVH. You won't be let down. I love it, and I've turned many people onto it in the times I've gone. I will return until they stock Grey Goose behind the bar. At that point, I will have lost all hope for humanity.
