If I had to choose one word to describe Lockdown, it would have to be "Inconsistent". Here's why... I've ordered food from this establishment many, many times. I've had it delivered to my residence as well as eaten in the restaurant. I've tried almost all the burger selections (there's some I won't try that contain items I can't stand, like the "This is Sparta" burger) as well as the various appetizers, so you know I can be a fair judge of the varying quality of the food. Almost every time I order the "Barb'd Wire" appetizer, which is either chips or fries paired with a chorizo cheese dip, the dip is completely different from the last time I ordered it. I think I've had 6 variations so far. One was like gloopy cheese you get at a fast food restaurant, one was like some sort of corn cheese soup, one was just like the menu states, one was an inedible mix of grease and meat that separated in the container and had almost curdled, and the others were just so-so combinations of the main ingredients, one had green onions all over it, the other without. I don't know if they're constantly tweaking the recipe or the chefs there don't know how to make something as simple as a chorizo cheese dip, but I think I'm through being their guinea pig with this dish. I want it the way the menu describes and that's all. Is that too much to ask? Next is the burgers. While I do enjoy their unique creations ("The Ponzi Scheme" is a nice combo of fruit/meat), the chefs don't seem to know what the hell "Medium Rare" means. I either get it ultra rare or totally overcooked. I think I received ONE out of TEN the way I like it. Disappointing in the extreme when something this basic seems to be a major issue. Lastly, the fries. Is it so hard to get fries that are crispy? Every single time I order a burger with the fries they show up as a soggy, undercooked mess that leaks oil all over my plate. A couple more minutes in the fryer would solve this problem, but I guess that's too much to ask. I've resorted to ordering the baked mac-n-cheese in place of the fries even though here's a pretty big upcharge for it. And even lately the M&C has changed. Now it's filled with bacon and green onions (I HATE GREEN ONIONS!). LOCKDOWN... PICK ONE RECIPE AND STICK TO IT! Why do I keep going back? The burger combinations are very tasty when done right, and during this time of the year when Kuma's doesn't offer take-out this is my only option within driving distance of my home. I love your restaurant. The atmosphere is great, the people are friendly and the food has the potential to be stellar. All the components are there, you just need to get all your eggs in one basket and weed out the issues with consistency before you actually become stellar.
