9PM dinner? Not really my style and I was starving by the time I got to Publican. Unfortunately, this was the only time they had that fit our schedule. My friends from NYC were in town and I wanted to show them a hip new restaurant and I picked this one but I was a little worried since it said it was "pub" style and I thought it would be too casual. Arrived at 8:55PM and stood near the "bar" area which I thought was super cool and unique. We could see all the dishes passing by and actually chatted with some random people who were standing at our bar table. The bf and I had the Brasserie St. Feuillien (abbey style), which was light and crisp, just the way I love my beer. They come in cute beer cups too. 15 minutes later, we were seated in a long communal table which I typically don't like but for some reason, I didn't mind this time. We chatted with a couple seated next to us and were recommended some dishes. Our waiter was "typical", nothing unique about him but he did know his dishes and did let us know that we would have more than enough dishes for the four of us. Here is our list of food in the order it came out: Dozen oysters (4 bagaduce, 4 kusshi, & 4 penn cove) - amazing oysters! so fresh and crisp. Frites with George's organic eggs- Nothing spectacular but it was surprising how eggs go along with fries! You need to eat a piece of fry with a piece of egg and you will understand that it goes perfect. Sweet Potatoes - AMAZING. How can sweet potatoes go so well with capers? I dislike capers but it was crunchy and deliciousss. Best sweet potatoes dish ever! Provencal fisherman's stew - mussels were so damn good! the sauce is savory too. You have to put the sauce inside with the mussel so you can eat it together. YUMMY YUMMY. Lamb meatballs - There was only two meatballs but each couple got to share one. Although they weren't too big, they were pretty chewy and savory. Perfect. Duck - SO GOOD. The skin was crispy and the meat was so unbelievably tender. IT WAS FANTASTIC. At this point, my stomach was bulging and I was having trouble eating cause I was so full but I still wanted to try the remaining dishes so I had couple bites of the last two. Chicken - When this dish came out, I was like Oh, here's a dish I won't like finally. It looks plain and simple. WRONG! How do they get this chicken so tender? It was the best chicken hands down. I am not a huge fan of chicken, too much chicken gets me sick but I almost didn't want to put my fork down cause it was so good. Ribs - Finally our last dish! Amazing amazing. Meat so tender, and sauce so tasty. We didn't get to finish the last two dishes so we bagged it and quite frankly, everyone was super happy with this choice of restaurant. YAY ME! OK, so I give the food A plus plus PLUS. Interior is very unique and decorative with huge pictures of fat pigs (huh?!) It kind of reminded me of my fat dog. HAHA. Love high ceilings and I love the whole wood theme. I am not a fan of communal seating but it was a great experience here. The bathrooms are quite interesting but I got to say that I am a huge fan of it. I was going to give this place 4 stars because we had to wait about 15 minutes and we had a reservation but since the food was so good, I let it slide. I will definitely be back here SOON to get my pig on.
