It is a beautiful Saturday afternoon and my wife and I are home with our two younger children. They both love Mexican food, so we decide to take them out for lunch to a Mexican restaurant. I take a look at my Check Please database (I know I'm a nut about that show) and we decide on Nuevo Leon. We have never been there before, my older two children have (and they loved it). We have heard rave reviews, so let's give it a try. We arrive in Pilsen, after a good 40 to 45 mile drive. The place is busy for a late lunch, early dinner time period. We get seated almost right away. The place is really colorful inside with all the nice decorations. So we start with a mini-taco appetizer. There were six delicious tacos on the plate. They also brought out chips, two different salsas and a complimentary appetizer of Puerico Asado, a bean and red pepper sauce (like a chili almost) that was truly outstanding on it's own. We even asked for an order to go, it was so good! Then for our main course my wife and I ordered a Carna Asada type dish (only difference was no salad and an enchilida instead). The thin skirt steak was unbelievable. My wife and I both thought the steak was so well season and just out of this world. The only negative was we thought the guacamole on our plates was bland. Also if you are not a lover of Mole sauce (a type of dark chocolate and peanut butter mixed sauce), which my wife and I think is great for desert but not on our enchilidas, be aware that the Mole sauce is on your tasty cheese enchilidas. Well my youngest daughter ordered a burrito plate and my youngest son ordered a taco plate. They both loved their dishes and finished everything off. Being the Dad I of course had to sample and I will say that the burrito and taco tasted like some of the best I have ever had. So after being quite stuffed my wife and daughter both had a little bit of room for desert. So they both ordered Flan. I'm not a big Flan lover fan, it seems like people either love it or don't. Well they both loved it. They said it was some of the best Flan they have ever ordered. So after finishing our lunch and feeling like we are ready to burst we get the bill. It was only $67 dollars, I think that is a good deal for all the food we ordered. The service was outstanding! Our waitress was so friendly, my wife said she reminded her of her mother. I will say she did remind me of my mother-in-law, with that friendly, caring type approach. So will we go back to Nuevo Leon in Pilsen for more flavorful Mexican food? The answer is YES! It was definitely worth the 40 to 45 mile drive north for us. My family and I highly recommend Nuevo Leon!!
