My boyfriend Josh and I celebrated our 8th anniversary on January 15th at The Gage, where we had dinner reservations. We'd never eaten there before, but it has excellent reviews on Yelp, and a few of my friends highly recommended it. It was soooooo delicious. We were seated in the back next to the kitchen, so we got to witness all of the excitement of the restaurant firsthand. A couple at the table next to us were celebrating a birthday with a tasting menu prepared by Dirk Flanigan, the executive chef. We told our waiter, who was extremely eccentric (in a good way), that it was our anniversary. He promptly brought us out some delicious prosecco (my new favorite)! We started with the amazing scallops, which were served with melted onions, orange segments, crispy chicken skin, and a house-made olive tapenade. The chicken skin added an earthy, savory note to the dish, while the orange segments provided the needed acid and freshness to the dish. Following the scallops, which I am totally craving right at this moment, I ordered the duck leg confit and roasted breast, while Josh ordered the fish and chips (which were flying out of the kitchen left and right). My duck came with roasted endive, wilted grapes and a natural jus. Unbelievable. This was my first time eating a duck, and it won't be the last! The confit leg was just encredible, I don't have words to describe it, but I'll try: earthy, crispy, moist, deep (does that make sense?), tender, succulent.....I loved every bite. The roasted breast was also quite delicious, cooked perfectly (so I'm told), and provided a much-needed contrast to the confit leg. The combination of the grapes, which were sweet, with the endive, which was quite bitter, was awesome. And if you succeeded to get a bit of everything into one bite, it was utter bliss. Mr. Flanigan himself asked me how I was enjoying the duck (quite a bit!) and explained to me the balance of the grapes with the endive. It was great to get such personal service - especially at a restaurant that we'd never been to before. Guess that means we'll definitely be going back! The fish & chips - the ones that kept flying out of the kitchen - were the best I've ever had. The batter was appropriately light and crispy, but you could still taste the Guinness. The chips, which seemed to be twice-fried, could have satisfied me as a meal on their own! And even the tartar sauce was unique and delicious. Super good. I'd definitely recommend you try the fish & chips at The Gage. Then we had an amazing desert, which was a play on french toast and espresso. I don't remember the details, sadly, but I do remember it was delicious, and I would totally get it again. Yum! At long last we were finished, and it was time to go. The Gage picked up our prosecco and desert in honor of our anniversary - how nice! And every employee we passed on the way out took the time to say thanks or goodnight, even though the place was busy. Needless to say, it was an experience that I will not soon forget. Check out my delicious blog post about The Gage: http://breeeatschicago.w
