Alinea is the best eating experience I've ever had. Simply amazing. My GF surprised me with a dinner here on my birthday. From the moment we walked in, I felt like I was on sensory overload. Hard to imagine almost four hours flying by that quickly! We did the full menu (26 courses) with the wine pairing and it was just phenomenal. I do have to say, while it's worth experiencing the full deal just once, we will definitely opt for the 12 course next time. By the 20th plate, it was starting to get a little overwhelming!  For me, great dining is about four things: Ambiance, Service, Wine, and Food. Alinea delivers 5 stars on all four: Ambiance - It's such a cool little spot, it only holds about 30 people, but it's nicely decorated in a modern/minimalist style. Despite the intimacy of the space, I didn't feel encroached by the neighboring tables. The clever and innovative designs of the serving devices/vessels were an unexpected surprise and was another demonstration of how much thought is put into the experience.  Service - The hostess, wait staff and servers are amazing. They so obviously know and love their craft and they practice it with aplomb . I loved hearing the story behind the wine selections and the wonderful descriptions of the food offerings.  Wine - What an experience! The wine pairings are so well thought out and added another dimension to the experience. Most were obscure selections which only added to the mystique.  Food - The food was edible art. The tastes were like music, so much depth and complexity but all in perfect harmony. There were creative pairings, wonderful and unexpected shapes and textures, and most interestingly, the use of complimentary scents to enhance the tasting of the foods. This was a full blown Wagner opera of food. Honestly, this place tickled my soul. I've been to a lot of restaurants that were highly rated but turned out to be all hype. For me, Alinea exceeded my most optimistic expectations.  I think a second visit will be even better, since there won't be as much sensory overload and hopefully I can better appreciate and understand the experience. I can't wait to return!
