I recently stayed at the W Lakeshore for a few days and as time progressed I was less and less impressed with the joint. The rooms (and hotel) is pretty modern, but you can tell it was a holiday inn that got converted. Although my room wasn't bad, a friend of mine got stuck with a really crappy room where the wallpaper was peeling off, the shades were broken, and the shower wasn't the rain shower advertised. I had a "city view" room and wasn't impressed with the view. Basically it was looking directly into another hotel or office building, and looking down into an alley. Lake view rooms are the way to go. The W however does shine in the attention to detail department. If you are able to focus listening to the techno music in the elevator you would see the floor mats are updated throughout the day to say "Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening", which is something I haven't seen at any other hotel. I attended a wedding on here and the ballroom was converted to a very intimate setting, which was unexpected. The reception was held on the 33rd floor in a nice hall overlooking the lake and city. This was the best part of my stay here. The Whiskey Sky bar on the 33rd floor is dark and small, and drinks are expensive. After one drink in here I had to take off as I couldn't stand being unable to see my hand in front of my face and couldn't move without bumping into someone. Picture being in a walk in closet with the lights off and you'll get the same feel as this place. As others have reported, the lobby doubles as a lounge for the first floor bar at night, so if possible try to avoid this area at night. You won't be able to hear anyone working the counter, and they won't be able to hear you. If you aren't in 'clubbing' attire you probably will catch a few unwelcoming glances by the older crowd drinking at the bar. Another disappointing aspect of this joint is the pool on the 7th floor. It leaves much to be desired. Also, don't go into this place looking for a hot tub, because there isn't one to be found. Very surprising for such an expensive place. The gym however looked pretty nice, with free weights, machines, a cardio deck and kettle balls. All in all, if you want to get more bang for your buck, stay somewhere else in the city. If you do find yourself staying here, get a lake view room and hope for good weather so you aren't trapped in a real life version of A Night at the Roxbury.
