I am at ease that I FINALLY got to try Hot Doug's. In fact, I think I might mark it on my calendar. Over the years, I have heard so many wonderful things about this place, but for reasons (mostly because they close at 4, and I work on Saturdays), I haven't been able to make it there. So today was the day! Natalie M. and I went today, a Thursday afternoon at about 1:30pm. We thought that were were going to miss the lunch rush, but there was a wait. After about 10 minutes or so (not bad at all) it was finally our turn. Doug was very nice and very patient in taking our order. Natalie M. recognized him right away from all the exposure he's had on TV., however I recognized him from his BIG poster at Kendall College. The guy is a Chicago Culinary icon! You could tell that he loves his job and appreciates all the business. A lot of hot dog joints are extremely fast paced and you really have to be prepared to order, and you better order fast and NOT pause or else you might get chewed out. But not here. The whole experience is very pleasant and it's pretty calm. So, we get our drinks and sit down at a table to wait for our food. Our two Pete Shelly's and fries come out in about 3 minutes. The buns were fresh and the dogs were big and flavorful! I loved the fresh, snappy pickle that was COLD (not flimsy and hot) that came on my dog. The relish was just about the best relish ever and complimented the dog very well. The only criticism I found was that the fries were a little too well done for me...idk to me, they were pretty dark. I had a great lunch at Hot Doug's. I recommend that everyone go there to have a great dog and a great time. The prices are great, the food is delicious and it is definitely worth the wait! Hot Doug's seems to feed ALL types of people from all types of backgrounds, who belong to all social statuses. There were younger people, older people, businessmen and women and families. To me, if you can lure that many types of people to your food, then you must be good! Great Job, Hot Doug's!
