Awwww I LOVE this place!! They're food was fun, innovative and extremely special! It was just what the boyfriend and I were looking for for our last dinner in Chicago - a feat that seemed hard to fill. Major, major kudos to the backup server/pt filipino-looking bartender (he looked it.. i didn't ask... but he did work as both a server and bartender). If it weren't for him, I think the boyfriend would've walked out after the first taste of strange and stale popcorn and the overly expensive menu. Thank goodness he came to our rescue though, because our meal was truly memorable. As explained by our new friend, the tasting menu was simply "the chef's best of". If you want to get an idea of what he thinks is best, just order parts of that. We did exactly such for our entrees, ordering both the halibut and wagyu steak. Since he also recommended that we get 1 dish from both the cold and hot menu as well, we go the sashimi and the duck... a blend of light and heavy... summer and fall... yummy and yummier. =) What can I say except that it blew our minds away. The pairing of the sorbet w/ the sashimi and the liquified avocado was essently like a cool cucumber splash on a hot miami day. If you're into fashion, it was like wearing bright lime green against everything dreary and grey. It was like a kick in the face to say "HEY! Wake up!! It's time to eat your meal!!". It was really just that special! As for the halibut and the steak... oh the heavenly party in my mouth that took place after a meal from those two. Separately, every ingredient seemed ok but together they seemed strange. Thankfully, GE did it just right though, and was able to pull it off in a way that was like a roller coaster cab flying through the air as if it were never to fall crashingly to the ground. It was like Aladdin's magic carpet... a method of transport to your own lovely dream. And the portions... well the portions were perfect! There's nothing I can't stand more than the over-abundance that the USA is, especially when it comes to food. WE DON'T NEED ALL THAT FOOD!! That said, the portions were served perfectly. We walked away feeling full, but not to the point that we needed to sleep. My only complaint, though, was that the wine was just too damned expensive!! I know the restaurant was more fine-dining than it was a regular night out, but for me to find nothing less than $70 for a bottle of red was insane! My boyfriend and I both expected that there'd be at least one bottle for around $50. And for a meal that was that thought out, having just 1 glass didn't seem fitting. If there were wine, I think my meal would've been a full 5 red stars. For me though, a meal just isn't a meal w/o a nice glass of red. So dear Graham Elliot, please fix that!
