YAY! I finally went to Xoco last Saturday- I know, it only opened Tuesday but the wait felt like an eternity!! I went on a beautiful Saturday afternoon at 2:30-thankfully after the lunch rush-but still waited in line for an hour. The wait went by fairly fast since I spent about 30 minutes looking over the menu and deciding on all the delicious goodies to get! And I still ended up changing my order 3 times! From the entrance of the restaurant to actually ordering took another 20 minutes-but once I was inside, the wonderful mix of rich chocolate and other fragrances took over. Also the fact that Rick Bayless was in the kitchen almost the whole time, and I oogled him from 3 feet away was AWESOME! At one point, my boyfriend had to tell me to calm down cuz I was acting like a school girl frazzled by the hot science teacher (Ha! j/k) SO THE FOOD!!!!! The Mexican Hazelnut chocolate chip cookie probably the best cookie I've ever had. It was rich, LOTS of chocolate, soft but not without texture. The Chips & Salsa: 2 different salsas-green and red. Both delicious! THE CHURROS!!!!! Why don't all churros taste this delicious?!?!?!? Sugary, crispy, the right amount of cinnamon! RAWR!!! I want moremoremore! The Pepito was soo tender and tasted like it was cooked and marinated forever! yumyumyum! The torta bread was crispy and not too much bread! The Ahogada was spicy awesome! The tomato dip is very well seasoned. My bf ordered the medium and it was the perfect amount of spicy, not at all wimpy! I can't imagine what the hot tastes like?!?! Also it was super awesome cuz Rick Bayless actually put the final touches on this torta himself! AHHHHH The Azteca chocolate: very well balanced-great chili taste, light and balances out the chocolate well to let out its natural sweetness. I love that you can sip the drink and really taste all the flavors instead of artificial sweetness like chocolate drinks at other places. The meal was amazing! I can't wait wait wait to go back when the line's under 30 minutes! I seriously want to try all soups and tortas on the menu. There was a saturday special featuring headcheese, sounded awesome!!!!!!
