One day my boyfriend came up to me and said that he want to go eat at Alinea when his friends visited in Chicago. I had never heard of Alinea nor Chef Grant at that time, so I was not that excited about going to a high priced restaurant like Alinea to eat plates with a bite or two of food. At the same time, I was very excited to dress up and eating at the number one restaurant in North America with the man that I love. Before Alinea, I rated most places a 4 or 5, but Alinea changed my mind on what it means to be a 5 star restaurant. Alinea was the most amazing dining experience. The amazing experience began the moment we walked up to the restaurant. We were greeted by name and was seated at a large black table with plenty of leg and arm room. We had two servers to wait on us. The restaurant is divided into sections with around six tables in each section. It appeared like each section had two main servers. In other words, you will be well taken care of. They will provide you will just about anything you may need, including aspirin. They pulled the chair out everytime we went to the bathroom and was ready to seat us as we walked to the table from the bathroom. I tried one time to get up without their help. I think it is impossible.  The food was the most amazing food I had ever put into my mouth. We got the 28-course dinner that took us around 6 hours to eat. Oh my goodness, that was mind blowing. I don't want to tell you all the courses, because that may destroy the experience that you could have on your visit. I will tell you that Alinea does not serve a specific kind of food. I was asked by friends and family, "What kind of food does Alinea serve?" Well, Alinea isn't American, French, Indian, Mexican or any other nationality of food. It is just Alinean food. Every dish uses texture, smell, taste and sight to explode your mind with pleasure. The dessert was even more special. Chef Grant and an assistant personal made the dessert right there at our table. I may not be the biggest foodie out there, but I became a real food critic after experiencing the best food in Chicago and maybe in the world. Go to Alinea and have your best food experience. It is completely worth it.
