It is tradition to head downtown for my bday. i choose the restaurant (dad treats for all 10 of us) then we look at the windows. I wanted something not too far and something different than the usual steakhouses we tend to choose. i found The Purple Pig on Yelp and decided to give it a try. I read that it was a "small place", but I didn't realize just how small. This is not a criticism, just an observation... It is more of a wine bar. Communal seating of a high top 10, a high top 12 and low seating half booth, half chair along the wall (about 20 worth?) The bar has seating all around it. not much room to wait inside. OUTSIDE, though was fine even in December! Grab a gladd of wine, stand by the heat lamp and enjoy the city. I can imagine that it would be filled during the warmer months. We went at 4:30 on a Saturday during Christmas season. They took our name and cell #, said about an hour and told us to walk around for a while. We had 10 in our party 6 adults 4 kids (12, 9, 5 &2). They have been to MANY restaurants as my family are foodies. We were sat in about an hour and a half at a communal table with one other couple. they were very nice and really did not seem bothered by us in the least.  Service (Maya) was EXCELLENT. A party of 10 can sometimes be a disaster.  Drinks were served promptly, wines were suggested. We ordered just about everything you could imagine and there was nothing that I disliked. Kids loved the Turkey legs.  We ordered a pig platter of cured meats - very fun! I wanted a sample of their very large cheese selection, but was overwhelmed. Our waitress, chose for me and did a great job! Lamb was perfectly seasoned and had a bit of lemon zest with a fresh tzaziki sauce. FRIED DEVILED EGGS! I took a yelpers advice and ordered the bone marrow smear...yep! It was tasty! Pork shank w/mashed potatoes. Waygu beef razorneck clams mussels chorizo stuffed olives The only thing I didn't like was the prawns. they were mushy. Once we were seated we had a wonderful time trying foods we never would have dared! Definitely would recommend. Just plan on waiting and take a stroll on Michigan ave to look up Marilyn's dress!
