I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE THE VIOLET HOUR. With that said, I have to say to my fellow Yelpers, DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT, visit this establishment. It's only due to the fact that I am absolutely selfish and want the vibe of this place all of my self. The sumptuous decor, the delectable drinks and the decadent, but oh so tasty menu items, how could anyone not love the Violet Hour?? First of all, the fact that is hidden by a large wooden facade is intriguing enough to be attracted to it. As you walk towards the industrial size door and open, you are faced with plain old dry wall. Still intrigued...just walk a few more feet, where right in front of you is a blue velvet curtain. Once pulled back, you are taken to a place where sensuality and playfulness walk hand in hand and enjoy a cocktail or two...or three...You have just entered a modern speakeasy (I am convinced I was once a flapper in my past life). Your are surrounded by gorgeous hardwood floors, blue leather high-backed chairs, chandeliers, white tables with a "crown-molding" like look, a fireplace and did I mention blue velvet curtains!!! The second I walked into the Violet Hour I knew I didn't want to leave. The seating and layout is set up for intimate conversations; the music played throughout the lounge is hip enough that you can groove to but not so loud that you have to strain to hear your companion's every word. The vibe is close and sexy, I would recommend the Violet Hour for an intimate rendezvous with your sweetheart. The dim lighting and fireplace will add a little extra romance to your evening out. The decor made me stay but the cocktails made me want to move right in. The first time I visited the Violet Hour, I was mystified by the unique cocktails the mixologists were concocting. A gin cocktail by the name of "Juliet & Romeo" and a rum cocktail by the name of "Stewed, Screwed & Tattooed"; the names alone make you want to drink them. But the mixologists are extremely knowledgable and experts in the art of cocktails. The cocktails at the Violet Hour were oh so tasty; they put non-alcoholic drinks to absolute shame. Which is why I was hesitant to visit the Violet Hour during my pregnancy; I didn't think a virgin alternative to the extensive menu would be available to me. But I was wrong, the mixologists were so eager to experiment with the cocktails on the menu to make them mocktails for me. That level of impeccable service was suberb and I definitely cannot wait to revisit the Violet Hour when I can have cocktails again. Not only were the cocktails and mocktails heavenly, the food was to die for. Now the menu changes periodically, but the unique take on classic comfort foods gives this establishment it's hint of playfulness. My last visit to Violet Hour, had me munching on a tasty version of deviled eggs, tater tots and a mini Chicago hot dog. The items were delicious and sated me and my belly bump. I cannot wait to try the new and adventurous takes on comfort food the Violet Hour chefs will be preparing. The overall service by the wait staff couldn't have been better. The staff is friendly, courteous and willing to assist patrons with drinking and dining recommendations. As I read my review, I have had a sudden change of heart...During the season of giving and because I want to remain on the "NICE" list, I encourage the entire Yelp community to visit the Violet Hour. You will not be disappointed. But please, visit in moderation, I still would like to have my wait to be seated at the Violet Hour at a minimum.
