TRU is a sophisticated, elegant and enjoyable dining experience. That being said you will not be overwhelmed with the magnificent flavor of any of the dishes - they all taste very good but nothing will knock your socks off or leave you feeling like you need to return for that dish. The service is what is amazing and the quite, hushed tones of the other diners makes you feel like you are in a food house of worship. The staff is extremely well trained. You are doted on without it feeling obtrusive. Every plate and utensil is always where it should be. Errant crumbs are whisked away at every course. We were there for a 90th birthday and all the staff greeted us with birthday wishes. The give-away amuse bouches - two to start, were delicious - a Comte Cheese gougere and a lemon mousse with a roasted fennel puree. We ordered the Chef's Collection of 9 courses. The three tastiest were the smoked sturgeon "caviar", the butternut squash soup with ginger marshmallows and the duroc pork belly roulade. The pork had great flavor but was a bit drier than one would expect for pork belly. The bread service is great with buttery mini brioche and crispy cheesy, delicate Parmesan crackers. Our biggest complaint would be that there was never enough delicious sauce served - even when a sauce "pusher"/knife was given to use. After dinner the mignardises were a nice touch - the lemongrass French macaron not so great but the fried thimbles (not that small though) of custardy like dough were really good as well as the apricot soft gummy-like dot. The liquid raspberry filled thin shell of chocolate with hints of gold leaf on top were a nice way to end the meal. As we departed they gave a a customized menu as a momento and a neatly wrapped almond/cherry mini cake sporting a TRU tag. The mini cake was delicious with coffee the next morning and one of those endearing touches that leaves a warm feeling for the place. Special Dishes: Duroc pork belly, butternut squash soup with ginger marshmallows, smoked sturgeon "caviar", mini brioche, Parmesan crackers
