We were at the zoo and wandered over for lunch. We arrived just a few minutes after they opened and were immediately seated. We are one of those infamous "People with baby and stroller (insert scary organ music)" people. We parked our stroller up by the bar and had a high chair.  The service was perfect, we ordered our food and I was at the salad bar with no lines of people. It always feels good to be one of the first people to dig into a fresh salad bar. I love this salad bar. No, it is not 10 miles long with exotic foods from across the seas, but it is fresh and delicious. The tuna salad and lemon potato salad are my favorites. Then you have all your fresh veggies and toppings. Lots of fresh fruit, the infamous chocolate chip cream cheese, jello, etc. My son is 1 year old and it was fun to give him tastings of the various items. Big hits-feta cheese and the balsamic mushrooms!  And the soup. The Cream of Mushroom soup was the best soup I have ever had. I basically filled up on bowls of the soup and had no room for my sandwich. But that's cool because I just ate the left overs a minute ago! Our food was quick which is good when you are eating with a baby. They have small windows of happy time in high chairs so that was a big plus. Patty Melt. Warning-the medium rare at RJ Grunts is extremely rare. Like, they shot one of the cows from the zoo, chopped it up and broiled it for 30 seconds before putting it on the table. I love me some medium rare but I did have to send it back to be cooked a bit more. I would say medium is a good bet. My husband had some kind of burger. I don't remember what because I was happy with my soup and salad bar. No fries but the chip things were much better than I remember them being. They also heat up nicely in the toaster oven.  We were just finishing up when the place really picked up for the lunch crowd. The space is small so I suggest avoiding the big rush times. A little early or a little late and the place is comfortable.  To the parents-they are kid friendly with chairs, booster seats and crayons etc, but the bathrooms are small and have no changing tables.
