Great cocktails, great food, great service.  I took my girlfriend here for her birthday. We had heard how busy it gets and how they give only very limited reservations so we showed up at 6:00 pm on a Thursday night. We were told it was going to be an hour and half wait. We were ok with that so we went up to the packed bar and ordered some margaritas. They were delicious. If people don't think that these were amazing they don't like tequila. They were perfect.  After our first margarita we were called for our table... so that was only approximately 30 minutes. We were quite pleased.  We ordered 2 appetizers to try some different things. Oysters and the Yellowfin tuna cocktail. The oysters were very good, but the tuna blew my mind. It was served with tomatoes on top with guacamole on the bottom in a martini glass. That recipe was perfectly designed for ultimate flavor.  By the time we ordered our entres the whole place was packed. There was barely anywhere for people to stand so I do recommend getting there early or be ready to stand waiting hours for a table.  For dinner we had amazing skirt steak. The black beans were very boring and the rice was as well. I get better black beans in the hole in the walls near my house in wheeling.The food is very expensive so I expect even the sides to be perfect which is my reason for giving 4 stars. I walked out of there with a $220 bill. Good thing I had a $100 gift card. Granted... the bottle of wine was $75... and worth every penny!!! We met the manager while we were waiting on our entres. She personally poured our wine.  We showed that we like to talk and she sat with us for about 10 minutes shooting the breeze about the wine I chose... which was also amazing! Portuguese everything is great!  The manager listened when i said that we were there for my girlfriend's birthday and without saying anything she sent out a chocolate cake and spicy ice cream for a free desert. I do not expect such things from upper class restaurants and was quite happy to see how well they treat their customers.
