I have been going to Lockdown since shortly after it opened it's doors. It's amazing! While I realize that it is a direct 100% copy of Kuma's corner, I don't really care. I don't have to wait 2 hours only to be rushed out of my table so the next customer can sit, YES, they will put the game on (at least football on Saturday and Sunday - they even put sound on for the football games on Sunday), they have an awesome outside including a side walk cafe and an entire back patio that is enclosed, the wait staff is all super nice, with the exception of one or two of the employees (there is one bartender that seems to care more about having drinks themselves and socializing with the regulars and their friends more than they do about serving everyone, so that's annoying, but no place is perfect), their wait staff is pretty great over all, the burgers are better than Kuma's I think. Where Kuma's has this tiny, exposed, 2-person kitchen, where they slop together everyone's burgers as fast as they can, Lockdown puts their burgers together so perfectly that each bite is just as good as the one before. I do recommend ordering the fries well done though as they can be kind of soggy otherwise. I get my burgers MR. They over cook them once in a while, so you might want to order one degree less than what you want, but they get it right about 50% of the time. Their mac n cheese is actually better than Kuma's. Just like Kuma's, you can build your own, or you can order it the standard way, which has green onion, bread crumbs and awesome, super thick bacon! You can also order it as a side instead of fries for only a $2 up-charge. They also offer a flight of burgers, which is 3 of their gourmet burgers, but smaller. The nice thing about the flight is that the burgers are just as good as they are on the big ones. They don't use different meat. They literally take your one big burger patty and split it into 3. So, that's a nice way to get a good selection. I do dislike the music that they play. That is one thing I wish they didn't copy of f of Kuma's. How many people out there really like heavy metal? I mean are there so many that they need to have the two best places to get a burger in the entire city both play metal all the time? Why is that? Because of that, I don't go very often in the winter because I can't sit outside and avoid the music. I will still o on a Sunday though since they have the sound for the football games on. I wish they would put the sound on Saturday's too, but maybe they will sometime down the line. It would be nice if they could at least turn the volume down a little lower. They seem like they let the staff do whatever they want there. So, the staff is usually partaking in drinking themselves, so they always want to crank the music. They also have it super cold in there, obviously because the wait staff is hot because they are running around. I worked as a bartender for about 10 years, and I ma ashamed to admit that I did all that stuff too, but I was a kid. I realize now, that was crappy. They turn the music so loud you can't even talk to anyone near you. I brought a co-worker there that was hear from Kansas City because she loves burgers. We were literally screaming, and we couldn't even hear each other. The food took like 40 minutes too, and we were one of like 3 tables in there. I asked them to turn the music down, but they wouldn't, which was kind of rude. I mean, the music, drinking, temperature isn't for the employees. It's supposed to be for the customers. Fine, if you want to have a drink here and there or a shot with a customer, fine if you want to turn up your favorite song a little. Fine if you want to turn the heat down just a little because you are super busy. But, they really overdo all of that. The music is probably the worst part. I mean, can't you at least turn it down to normal volume during the day?  I would bring in a ton of work lunches there if it weren't for the fact that I know that music will be blasting. I spend a lot of money on work lunches every month. I am sure I am not the only one who feels that way either. I bet they are literally losing thousands of dollars because they play the music way to loud at inappropriate times, particularly at lunch. It's one thing if it's 10:00 pm. But, if people are coming in to eat, they at least want to be able to talk a little too. It isn't even really a bar. It's more a restaurant. They shouldn't do that. Don't get me wrong. I am sure there are about 50 people out there that love that. However, there are hundreds of thousands that don't! Word to the wise Lockdown - Turn your music down until at least after 9:00 pm, consider turning it off all together, or turning on more normal music at a reasonable volume during the weekdays during lunch time. I would just make a rule that the music can never be blasting so loud that people can't talk until the kitchen is closed!!!
