If Old World Italian + Modern Italian Flair were to procreate and have a gurgling little baby 9 months later.....you would name the little rascal Davanti Enoteca. Chicago's "Little Italy" has a plucky new kid in town. I adore the laid back environment that has a " La Familia" aesthetic but still rebels with an open kitchen that is not the "norm" for a good ol' Italian neighborhood restaurant. The layout reminds you of a family member's kitchen with beautiful decorative accent pieces throughout. Although this brand new dining establishment is in it's infant stages, you can already sense a bright future. I don't even think the paint has dried from the walls! The staff dotes with frequent affirmations and service. I personally love the little touch with the staff's uniform that includes a classic (yet relaxed) baseball tee. It just adds to the ambiance of effortless style and execution. You sincerely get the impression that everything is very thoughtful and chosen with a love for the Chicago community. Our table started off with flavorful Roasted Beets ($6). This appetizer included the flavors of walnut butter and candied walnuts. I am already craving another portion or two of these as we speak.... This is a MUST HAVE! I followed up with the Shaved Fresh Hearts Of Palm Salad ($8) that included chili aioli, spinach, and lemon. It was a satisfying salad that boasted and unexpected burst of flavor. Lastly, the Cacio e Pepe ($7) was an inspiring entree because it elegantly executed a simple recipe of linguine noodles, pecorino, and black pepper. The serving size was also perfect while the flavor was robust and comforting at the same time. We all guzzled a bottle of wine between our trio and were shocked and pleased by the $18 price tag for a delicious bottle of Pinot Noir. Due to the "bottles on the go" concept here...all you pay is a $7 corkage fee along with the rock bottom prices for your favorite vinos here. Does it get any better? Possibly. I suppose that I will just have to order dessert next time.
