Pronounced "Poo-blican" according to my sister. So a Mr. M and I have been having a great time exploring the city together (e.g. ventured south to the Oriental Institute and Medici Bakery earlier today, both delightful). After reading the Chicago Glutton review of the Publican, it became a high priority on the list of things-to-do in this great city of ours. So, following a delightful chamber music concert presented by the Chicago-Institute for the Law and Humanities, we made the short walk over to Fulton Market. Around 9 p.m. on a Tuesday night, the Publican was still going, but not too loud, and we were seated immediately. M later reported that he was put-off by the host, as his attempt at imitating Adrian Grenier's look was a little too literal. Regardless, the place looks great, as if sister-restaurant Avec had expanded and manned-up a bit. Hanging pendant lamps are beautifully repeated across the ceiling, but provide subdued lighting; you and your date will both look handsome here (not that M and I need any help in that department). Food (and libations): Just okay. The d-baggy expense accounters next to us highly recommended the mussels. Now, I had never had mussels before, so I was a little apprehensive about these. However, for a first experience, they were quite good--not chewy at all, covered in a light-ish butter sauce that gave way to just a hint of the sea after a few (hesitant) chews. However, we followed this with the half-chicken course, which was just too salty, nothing special. It sad atop a bed of ho-hum fries and oily, salty sauce. All of this was paired nicely with a Belgian Pale Ale. If I were to come back, I would get much less food and just enjoy one of the many great beers offered. In the interest of full disclosure, the beer recommendation wasn't brilliantly inspired. My teetotaler friends could have come up with the mussels/Belgian white combo. Still good, but the lack of creativity was kind of a drag. Service: A little funky. Started off with the Grenier-wannabe host, and things got weirder from there. Our waitress seemed drunk or high or something. Very wobbly, in a bobble-head way. She was very nice, but the wobbliness led to her pouring an entire glass of head rather than beer. Disappointing at such a beer-centric place. Also some creepy guy comes out with your food, so apparently her only function was to bob up and down while making recommendations to us. Adam Smith would be fascinated by this division of labor (and possibly the gratuity). Value: I'll just say, all of the above may have been forgivable, as this place does have a nice beer menu, a great location, and style. But, not worth it when the ho-hum chicken, mussels, and poorly-poured beer ran up a $71 bill.
