After a year and a half or so of talking about coming here, I finally made the trek out to Logan Square last night. Hey, taking action on things I want to do is my 2012 New Year's Resolution. One week in and going strong.  I have to say, shame on me for not getting here sooner. Holy deliciousness. Started out with the bacon fat popcorn and the jowl bacon ragout, which tastes a whole lot better than it sounds. I really liked the popcorn but thought that the bacon flavor came more from the plethora of bacon pieces tossed with the popcorn than the fact that it may have been popped in bacon fat. Regardless...popcorn...good. bacon...good. Popcorn and bacon mixed together....goooooood. The ragout was a pleasant surprise...our waiter talked us into it, claiming it's one of the restaurant's most popular and loved dishes. So we tried it out. Salty, sweet, porky - all the components of this dish blended together in perfect harmony.  I was struggling with my entree selection because the beef stew sounded delicious but I really hate mashed potatoes (yes, I know that's weird). When our waiter (who was a gem BTW but I unfortunately forgot his name...bad habit of mine) came to take our order, I told him I was struggling with my entree selection because of the mashed potato dilemma. A fellow mashed potato-hater (what there are more of us?!), he suggested I do what he does and put the stew over fries. Like poutine.  This man is a genius! I was full approximately 5 bites into my delicious stew but like the true warrior I am, I took one for the team and finished every last bite. This was one of the best beef stews I've ever had - the addition of the balsamic really elevates the flavor profile to a new level. And throwing the whole thing over a batch of crispy fries...my hat's off to you, waiter who's name I forgot. I also tried a bite of the Hombre burger and thought it was delicious as well. My Belgian Wit beer capped off a truly stellar night of dining. Hopefully it doesn't take me a year and half to get back here since there are about 15 other things on the menu that I'm dying to try.
