So, I had been wanting to come here since before I moved to Chicago (as a child, I watched Gale Gand on Food Network a bit too much) To my utter surprise and pleasure, BF took me here for Valentines Day! When we walked in, I said "I didn't even know that you knew that Tru was a thing!" To which he replied "I didn't!" Yay for happy coincidences. We chose the 9 course tasting, which I believe is worth the price when considering other options. I've heard people leave after the 3 or 6 course menus a bit hungry still. We were NOT hungry in the LEAST after the 9 courses (plus lots of tiny things in between). The food was solid, for sure. I think I've probably had slightly better elements here and there, but this was definitely worth it for the experience and the decadence. One of our dishes came with gold-freakin-leaf as a garnish... The service... here... I'm torn. I appreciate an attentive wait-staff, and the synchronized serving, etc was fun the first couple of times, but it ended up feeling a little contrived and awkward. Also, I felt like every time I tried to rest my elbows on the table between courses, someone came by to scrape crumbs off the table (invisible crumbs, I suppose, I never saw any). Also, after BF spilled something on the table cloth, they spread a napkin over the soiled portion of table cloth, which was kind of weird. I have to say I would have enjoyed my evening much more had the service been dialed back a notch. I hope that management reads their reviews, although they probably don't considering it's Tru. What I will remember the most about this meal was the exploding chocolates at the end. Literally a crisp chocolate shell encasing a flavor-du-jour liquid. Thankfully the waitress counseled us that "exploding" wasn't an exaggeration and they should be eaten in one bite. Our flavor was passion fruit, and although I was feeling extremely full to the point of being uncomfortable, I could have eaten like 100 more of those passion fruit exploding chocolates. So refreshing and delicious. Personally, I think they made passion-fruit ice cubes, then dipped in tempered chocolate, and let the ice slowly melt in the fridge. That's how I would do it, anyway. Also, the financiers they sent us home with were quite delicious, although in my time living in Paris, I never saw a financier bigger than a small bite-size, these mamas were like baseballs. Tasty though. Will we be back? Not sure. Was it an excellent experience worth every one of BF's pennies? You betcher.
