Went here with the BF to celebrate our anniversary. I joined their mailing list because I've been wanting to try out all the brazilian steakhouses in the area (hoping for some deals because I'm not a big meat-eater) and they sent me a coupon for our anniversary for one complimentary dinner. They accept opentable reservations, if you want points, FYI. You can do valet parking or they validate parking in the lot across the street ($11 for 4 hours).  I've only been to Brazazz so can only compare TdB to that. TdB's decor definitely beats Brazaaz. You walk in and there is a spacious lounge/bar area although there was no one there. The waiting area is also more spacious but we didn't have to wait on a Sunday 6:45 PM reservation. The actual dining area is a mixture of dark wood and paint, gives it an old castle feel with high ceilings. There is also a 2nd level seating (it was empty), where the restrooms also are. Now for the food: I would say the salad bar at Brazazz def beats TdB. They both offer sushi, cheese and meat selection along with fresh veggies. Brazazz offers raw oysters and several different types of salads along with risotto and pasta dishes. TdB has a good lobster bisque and some hot side items (mushrooms, au gratin potatoes) and less variety of special salads. Being as I cannot consume a lot of meat at one time, the salad bar is important to me. At Brazazz, I can switch to eating some fresh raw oysters or strawberry salad but felt like I had less options at TDB. For the meat, TdB definitely has more seasoning and flavor in the meat but its actually a tad too much. All of the pork was overseasoned and tasted like salt. The parmesan crusted chicken was good though. Beef ribs weren't so special (everyone talks about it at yelp so I requested for it) so I was a bit disappointed. We left room for dessert (too much meat) and had the banana foster and cheesecake. Both were good and refreshing to have after all the meat. The banana foster was nice and light - not too heavy so it was the perfect treat for someone who doesn't have a big sweet tooth. Service was excellent. The waiter was very attentive, always folded napkins if we left the table, cleared the table, refilled our water and gave good descriptions on the desserts. The special thing they have is the wine lady, who spins and dances while grabbing the wine bottles. Unfortunately, there is a big floral bouquet over the salad bar that blocks a view of her. Not so special to me though but I guess it added to the ambiance of the place. This place has a more romantic feel than Brazzazz. I wouldn't necessarily come back unless one of my friends want to go but It was nice to try.
