I wish I could give three and a half stars, but three will have to do. Had dinner with friends at Purple Pig on a Tuesday night. Purple Pig is essentially a victim of its own success, because most of my "cons" have to do with the fact that so many people want to eat there.  Pros: --good food, with decent prices. I particularly recommend the whipped feta smear, the salt-roasted beets with goat cheese, the milk braised pork shoulder, any of the cheeses, and the silician iris for dessert (ricotta and chocolate chips inside a fried brioche: heaven!). Nice to have something different on Michigan Ave. ---nice looking space, with a lively atmosphere. Bonus points for the particularly good, and varied, background music. ---unlike other reviewers, we had excellent service. Our waitress was fun (wish I'd gotten her name), busboys attentive, etc. Cons: ---the space is very small, which leads to a very crowded evening. Our group of 4 sat at a communal table, with parties on either side of us. I don't mind sitting at a communal table, but there were too many people squeezed in. ---the WAIT! We waited for an hour and a quarter on a Tuesday night (arrived at 7, seated at 8:15). We might not have even stayed to wait that long except one of the group is moving out of town and really wanted to try it. They don't take reservations, and won't seat your party until everyone is there. I understand the policy of not seating until the whole party has arrived, but I don't have to like it. The space is so small there is essentially no place to wait inside: I don't know what they are going to do in the winter, when it will be impossible to wait outside.  Overall, if they took (and honored) reservations, this would be a four star review, hands down (maybe even a five). But the crowded room and the very long wait downgrade it to three and a half starts. Don't let it stop you from going, but I wouldn't even consider going on a Thursday through Sunday. A fun experience, with very good food, and perhaps a place to take out of towners. Just be prepared to wait, and then be squeezed in.
