We'd wanted to try the Frontera Grill for a very long time, so decided to make it our Saturday dinner thing this past weekend.  Hubby called to make a reservation, but was told there was nothing available, so we took a chance and went anyway, arriving at 5:30. When we got there, the hostess was bland and non-caring - and with the amount of noise in the place, you'd think she'd speak up and be a bit more perky. We were told it would be about an hour and 15 minute wait, so we headed over to the bar. Aren't margaritas supposed to be substantial? The hubby's was good, but the size of a small martini, for $10. My mojito was delish and i nursed it while we waited...and waited...and waited an hour and a half for a table. But, the wait was worth it. We tried the ceviche trio - ahi tuna, shrimp and calamari and Hawaiian sunfish in their marinades which came with chips - it whetted the appetite and we were ready for dinner. Hubby had the enchiladas de puerco, which were rolled in flavorful soft tortillas, a spicy tomatillo sauce and rice. He also ordered the pinto beans, earthy, tasty and just the right consistency, which he mixed with his rice. A great way to combine! He was smacking his lips throughout the meal.... Mine was the flank steak, which came with a spicy tomato sauce, sweet tamales covered in just the right amount of sour cream and fresh cheese - it was like dessert, but not enough to prevent me from wanting a sweet meal-ender. When I ordered it, the server asked (not as a question, however), "medium rare?", to which I replied, "you bet!".  The grass fed beef was tender, tasty and the fresh cilantro on the plate gave it a blend that made my taste buds dance. There was also a salsa included, but it was a bit spicier than I liked, so I left it alone to the folks who like to light their mouths on fire. Dessert was the chocolate pecan pie, served with Khalua flavored creme freche. The pie was so chocolaty and didn't have the teeth-wincing sweetness pecan pies usually have. Chocolate cappucino and espresso topped of the meal and we left happy and talking about this meal on the way home and again in the morning. We'll be back - but the next time, I'm trying the shrimp and we'll make reservations ahead of time! I believe in great customer service, so I'm taking off one star due to the hostess's lack of happy and her mumbling so low that we had to ask several times what she said...and we're not so old as to be deaf.
