I traveled to Chicago in December, in the winter, in the cold, and with wind. Why? Alinea. I only agreed to go because Alinea was in Chicago and I wanted some good eats. We arrived at the front steps on Alinea and was greeted by a doorman that opened the door. We walked in only seeing walls and no door. So what did we do? We continued walking and prayed for a door to appear. All of a sudden *poof* a secret door slid open on the left and we walked through and was greeted by a hostess. We waited a few minutes while our table was being set up and took a glimpse of the kitchen. The kitchen was immaculate and things were moving like clock work. While walking upstairs to our table I saw that the room was very modern and minimal with a touch of techno . I don't know. It's hard to explain. We were seated, greeted, and given a snippet of what was to come. The menu was not given to us because they wanted it to be more of a surprise. Once situated, the meal began and we were served 22 courses of gastronomically incredible dishes. Some favorites were: Yuba, shrimp, miso, togarashi. Rabbit, parfait, rillette, consomme Hot potato, cold potato, black truffle, butter Short rib, olive, red wine, blackberry Black truffle explosion, romaine, parmesan Venison, lingonberry, gruyere, fireplace kindling Spruce peppermint tea Everything was amazing. There was one dish that caught me off guard and I must share the experience. So a plate was presented to us with a mountain of shaved ice and an oyster shell on top with a leaf on top of the shell. I saw oyster and was somewhat hesitant because I don't like oysters BUT I was going to say no to it. So I lifted up the leaf to see that there was no oyster. I was like, "dude, where's my oyster?" Our server explained to us that the leaf is grown in Scotland and it tastes just like oysters. I ate my leafy oyster and guess what?! It tasted exactly like and oyster. Legendary. The meal overall was amazing. It was a heavy price to pay but the food and experience was worth every penny. The service was phenomenal. Everyone was really nice and they all had a witty sense of humor. This dining experience was interactive, exciting, and definitely memorable.
