my boyfriend and i finally checked out the publican for dinner tonight. perfect place for a date. we came here for a double date. when you walk in, the restaurant looks very spacious, clean and dim. thennnnn, we were seated in a 4 top booth which had doors that kept us enclosed. weird concept. i know that the publican is known for pork so i felt like a pig in a pen. :( that was a little weird. especially for someone who's a little claustrophobic. we started off with drinks. i had red wine (the grinder, pinotage), great to pair with all the meat you'll devour. my boyfriend had some type of beer that's like a guiness. both drinks were suggested by our waiter that knew his selection of beer and wine very well. he did a very good job with his recs. :) appetizers: -the taste of three hams (compliments of one of the employees at the publican!) which is basically three different types of prosciutto and a couple slices of bread with a side of butter. all three were good but i liked the salty one the most. -chef's selection of a dozen oysters. YUMMO! i love oysters! especially when it's so fresh you don't need to dunk it in cocktail sauce. hehe a drop of lemon is all you need. main entrees: (we were told each entree was enough to serve family style so we shared everything. and it was more than enough.) -country ribs. it was ok. honestly, i'm not much of a pork fan. i'll eat it if it's in front of me, like anything else. i thought it was a bit dry on some ends and some of the meat by the bone was a little pink. i'm not sure if that's normal. the country ribs were topped with treviso, celery and pistachio salsa verde. that was really good. -(whole) farm chicken with frites. TO DIE! next time i come back, i'm definitely ordering this all for myself. i heard their frites are really good. and it sure as hell is!! i think everyone during dinner thought the same thing. we all had a good portion of frites before we devoured the chicken. chicken was well cooked. super juicy and bursting with flavour everytime you take a bite of it! wow. my mouth is watering just thinking about this chicken. i highly recommend this dish and you will not be disappointed. dessert: the dessert menu is limited to only three items. nothing was appealing to me. we had a choice between apple donuts, waffles or chocolate lavender pie with ice cream. i don't really like donuts and i don't really like waffles. i love chocolate so i settled for the chocolate dessert. it tasted more like caramel than lavender to me. everyone else at dinner said they could taste lavender with the after taste. me, not so much. just caramel and chocolate. i was intrigued by the description on the menu but disappointed that i could not taste lavender! :( oooh and the bathroom. i was a little weirded out again. it is a communal bathroom with a communal sink, super dim lights, no mirrors because it is inside the bathroom stalls. this weirded me out even more because i came out of the bathroom stall the same exact time as another male across from me. we both headed to the communal sink, washed our hands and everything was so sync and just plain weirddd. i think i'll avoid using the restroom during my next visit. hehe my overall experience at the publican was good. service is great. food was good. we didn't pay an arm and a leg for a meal. they have an extensive menu of beer and wine. i heard brunch is really good here too. i'll be back for brunch!
