READ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Chef Brian Runge, previous head chef of Graham Elliot, has left. Unfortunately, so has his great tasting concepts. My boyfriend and I have been going to the restaurant for the past 6 months regularly and have been very pleased with the food concepts, freshness, service, and overall more relaxed feel for a 1 star Michelin restaurant. Regrettably, these attributes have vanished, and all that's left is a nasty bixxhy manager, not-surprising food concepts and a crumbling reputation. Oh, and the price have gone up while the food portion shrunk! I give 2 stars only because the waiters are still great, and the freshness of ingredients is still there. But, if you have tongue, and prefer not to over pay for crap on a plate, then avoid this place. New Menu Concepts: Ice cream with everything ( i guess its always safe to just serve dessert for nearly every course) Under cooked vegetables (nice and crunchy) CURRY AND YOGURT!!! (it sounds bad because it is) New Manager Attitude: She told us the chef was being uneasy in letting us share their 14-course tasting menu, which we did often while Brian was the chef. Eventually she told us she's going back to talk to the chef again to see if anything could be changed, but never came back to us with an update and then the course started. As a manager, who told us she worked at Avenue before, it is supposed to be her responsibility to check on customers to make sure they enjoy the food or ask how's everything as a courtesy, OR just hanging out in the dinning area so that people can see her if we have questions! The only time she talked to us was the time she told us the chef was unwilling to let us share the 14-course tasting, and THAT WAS IT. Even when we were getting our coats to leave, she said nothing to us nor looked at us even though she was standing right at the desk! WHAT A PROFESSIONAL SERVICE?! Was it this difficult to even say "have a good night" to your customers? Unbelievable! I will be willing to give this place another try if the new chef acknowledges his defeat by changing his approach and menu and better customer service from the manager. Nonetheless, a manager's job is to supervise waiters/waitress' services to the customers, and I don't see how this was a good model.
