BOOKMARK THIS PLACE....to try...over....and.....over. Calo's is one of my favorite restaurants. It's one of the reasons I come to Andersonville. Intimate dinners, dinner with friends, dinner with family...I love coming to Calo's for dinner. Sure, I could come here for lunch...but my memorable meals at Calo's usually result in blissful food comas. Dimly lit and very spacious...the place is divided up into two main areas: The bar area, which also has high tables and booths...and the dining room which has plenty of dining tables and more booths. There's also a private dining area for large reserved parties. They have a great drink selection here. I like to wash down my food with Boddington's pub ale or Birra Moretti's La Rossa (I dare you to find another restaurant that has both these beers). They have an ample wine selection of course and a great selection of martinis. I've had their Snickers Martini & their Creme Brulee Martini and I'm not ashamed. Both were good. -It always begins with the free warm focaccia bread they bring out...which almost tastes like a pizza. This bread is so good I don't even know why they put that other bread in the same basket. If you find that your bread basket is out of the fabulous focaccia, fear not...they will gladly restock your focaccia upon request. Oh, and those aren't scoops of ice cream that come with it...that's butter. While the focaccia bread is buttery enough, I'm a big fan of overkill. -I highly recommend starting with the Cozze alla Crema: black mussels sauted with scallions in a creamy chardonnay wine sauce. These mussels aren't your average mussels...they are on steroids. (I uploaded a photo for you non-believers) If you find yourself using the spoon to devour that sauce, don't be embarrassed. It's not uncommon. It's so good that I've had this "appetizer" as a meal. I've planned meals at Calo's specifically because I was craving these mussels. Pizza & pasta? Pffft. Mussels. All. Day. -Pasta? Order the Ziti al Vodka: ziti pasta tossed with grilled chicken, green peas and sun dried tomatoes in a vodka tomato cream basil sauce. You seriously can't go wrong with this dish. The sauce is bomb-diggity, the chicken is grilled perfectly, and the portion is rediculously awesome. Other meal alternatives include their ribs! The ribs here are fall-off-the-bone. Get the ribs with a side of garlic-mashed and it's game over! Better yet, get the side of garlic-mashed no matter what you order. ***If you left room for dessert, finish your meal off with their homemade Tiramisu. WARNING: It is probably the best tiramisu you'll ever have. You may want to order your own. Relationships have ended over the last bite. When you arrive there is a free private parking lot across the street next to the bakery if you don't want to park on the street. Come here and you won't be disappointed.
