Publican has had a lot of hype since it has been open. And I love bacon. So why hadn't I been before? I didn't want to leave hungry (which can happen when everything is meant for sharing and you sit opposite your 6'4'' 230lb fiance). I hate driving on Fulton because I always get lost and think I am never going to find my way back to my car. The menu is scarily meat-tastic. Concerns aside, I did a quick clothing change from Anne Hathaway in Love And Other Drugs to Anne Hathaway in Devil Wears Prada for our sporadic dinner date last Wednesday. And cabbed it there to avoid the navigational headache. As I walk into the blonde wood floor-to-ceiling minimalistic room, I feel at home. Not uppity, which is a nice change of pace for such a "popular" restaurant. A little country/frat boy with the mens clientele style; hey there plaid overload! But a really nice, friendly, laid back ambiance. It's like their food is so good, they don't have to act pretentious about it! The little things that mattered: *Every chair in the restaurant has a "basket" underneath it. For your purse, sunglasses, jacket, or wine list. So clever! *Beer and wine list seventeen times longer than the food menu - they have their priorities straight! *Servers are so well trained - know the menu in and out, have all the details, and don't just say "its amazing" but actually describe the menu. *6 rows of modern hanging white ball lanterns give the perfect amount of soft lighting Food Order: Oysters: Two Washington and one Rockefeller, served with a vinegar sauce. What's really nice is you can order a-la-carte (many places require minimum orders). Sugar Snap Pea Salad: Oh deliciousness. Its such a clean, fresh, summery salad with just a hint of richness with the ricotta. Sugar snap peas, whole grains of quinoa, large slices of celery, and a light citrus coating. Soft Shell Crab: You really do eat the entire shell, but its nice and crispy. The chick peas as the accompaniment were just gorgeous in flavor and texture. My least favorite of our order, but still very good - its hard when everything is! (NOTE: if you are allergic to nuts, there can be almonds in the red sauce) Sweetbreads: Where have I been? I was expecting bread with caramelized onions and sweet balsamic reduction or something. Wrong. This is meat! It is a pigs gland (sounds gross, hence calling it sweetbread) which I'm glad I didn't know until after I ate it. It was actually sweet and crispy, looks like a half chicken, and was absolutely divine. Just don't expect any carbs or bread cause they aren't here. Farm Half Chicken: Signature dish for a reason! This is something to come back for. We got the HALF order which is enough for a regular meal for two people. It is so juicy, tender, and spiced. And the fries are thick cut crispy and delicious. Country Half Ribs: Although they don't necessarily look like ribs, they do TASTE like ribs. Being a Kansas City native, I am pretty picky, and these definitely passed! Just call me Ms. Piggy. I'm cool with it, and can't wait to get back again ASAP! (Side Note: While I feel this is a fabulous guy-night meeting location because of the awesome beer list, there aren't TVs so don't go on nights for big sporting events)
