Man oh man. Where do I start? First of all, I had pre-paid in FULL for a king room. When we checked in, we were placed in a tiny queen. I'd understand the change in reservation given the circumstance that I had only placed a reservation to be paid at check-out. However, if I pay for something in full ahead of time, I expect that reservation to be honored as promised. The room we were placed in was in front of the service elevator, and there were meaty spiders inside the room all along the window sill (windows were closed, by the way). At this point I was annoyed. I called front desk and the agent I spoke to apologized and promised to move us into an available suite for the remainder of our stay the next morning and would also send us breakfast on the house. He told us to just come down in the morning after we eat and that everything would be taken care of without any extra trouble or cost. My boyfriend and I figured that we could tolerate our tiny closet full of spiders for a night. We went to bed, figuring that all was well and that things would be rectified in the morning. Wrong. So I go down the next morning, and the agent who "helped" me, Kevin, was a total douchenozzle. I kindly explained what had happened the night prior and he said he couldn't place me in a new room, sneering as he said "I don't know what you're talking about." Mind you, he spoke before even looking up my guest information and checking notes that had been left by the agent previously. I told him that if there was a problem, I would not mind speaking to his manager. At which point he snapped "I AM the manager." He then pulled my information up on the screen and said,"Ohhhh I see" and rolled his eyes at me. Long story short: after more sneering ensued and talking to me like I was stupid, Kevin rudely sent me away and told me to come back "whenever" instead of giving us an estimated time when our room would be ready. THEN he called our room and curtly demanded that we pack our stuff and it would be stowed in storage because he needed our current room NOW. It was 11 AM and check out was not until noon. Check in isn't even until 3. First of all, our reservation was goofed. Then our alternate room wasn't ready. And now you're rushing us out of our current room with no where else to go? Nice. By the time the bellhop arrived at our door, I had decided that I no longer wanted to stay at the hotel and wanted my money back. I went to the front desk and asked the gentleman helping us, Carlos, if there was another manager I could speak to besides Kevin since the service was terrible. Carlos then said,"Hmmm...I'm the front desk manager. I oversee him." Interesting. I ultimately got my money back and will never return to this hotel. There's a right way and a wrong way to rectify mistakes. Had Kevin been apologetic, truthful, and courteous from the get-go, there would have been no problem. I work in customer service also and I understand that mistakes happen. However, I did not pay good money to be given sub-par service and a terrible attitude when I can get treated like sh*t for free on the street. I left a voicemail for the general manager, who was not in office that day. The director of operations did follow up with me, and I appreciated his efforts in earnest. He apologized, stated that the service given by Kevin was not the kind of service the Allerton strives to provide, and offered to take care of any future accomodations the next time I plan on being in town. I kindly declined, stating that my experience was colored in a really negative way. Unfortunately, a bad apple did spoil the bunch and I would rather spend my money elsewhere.  Not to mention that you can find a much nicer, roomier hotel with much more pleasant staff in the city for less money.  Do not stay at the Allerton unless you WANT to have a bad night.
