Let me start this review by saying that I went into my Tru experience being pretty sick with a mild stomach flu. A friend had made a reservation which included a VIP experience-tour of the restaurant, champagne & a tour of the kitchen. Being the foodie freak I am, I waited a week in anticipation to eat at one of the top restaurants in Chicago. Then it hit. Stomach flu-crippling pain and near death sickness. I asked my friend if the restaurant could re-schedule. Nope. If I opted out, I would end up costing my group the price of the entire meal. After taking a 5 hour nap I got up and went to Tru. Upon walking in, one is immediately taken aback by the decor. Simple furniture and white walls showcased the brilliant artwork in this restaurant. Check out the light fixture called "stay" and be sure to check out Warhol's Marilyn. Upon being seated, we received our glass of champagne. We were given a while to think about what we wanted to order and trying to suck it up and be a champ, I ordered the 6 course tasting menu. I wasn't sure if I could stomach it all, but at least Tru offers an excellent selection of in-house made breads. Try the fleur de sel brioche and the pumpernickel. Onto dinner: We started with the sturgeon "caviar", which was smoky and clever, placed atop an avocado mixture. I loved its presentation inside a caviar tin. My favorite course. We moved onto a soup which was artfully presented in a kohlrabi fruit with dry ice. The pork belly was rich and unctuous-my taste buds were happy, but my stomach was not. When we got to the whitefish, I took a few bites and had to hand it to my bf. Now for the low point of my dining experience at Tru-the chicken with foie gras. There was no way I could eat that. Too sick. The waiter asked me a couple times if something was wrong and I kept telling them no. Although it was nice of them to inquire, it honestly made me feel like a jerk for not eating it. Onto dessert: the tasting menu included a quince and marscarpone mini-dessert that was delicious. Then came my favorite part of the meal-the mini-dessert cart. Now I was feeling better. I tried the truffle, homemade egg nog marshmallows, mini-macaron(size of a dime) and a tiny bread pudding. These were all phenomenal. As an ending to a meal we were handed "exploding truffles" that were so beautifully topped with gold leaf. Popped it into my mouth and it literally gushed out peppermint liquid. So cool. We were then given the bill(not cheap, kiddos), and lead into the kitchen for our tour. We got to see everything from the Versace tea set to the bartenders and even meet the chef. Honestly I thought this was the best part of the meal. Upon leaving we were given a little tea cake to eat the next morning with coffee. Cute. Overall, I am not sure this restaurant lives up to the hype it is given around Chicago. Although inventive, there were no stand-out flavors worth remembering. For the price of this meal I would have expected something phenomenal. Also, the fact that I couldn't change my reservation without being charged the price of the entire meal because of extreme sickness kind of turned me off. Once again, this could be completely based on my personal situation that day, but I am not sure I will be back.
