Oh my gosh, this has got to be in my top 5 meals of all time. Everything about my 2.5 hour experience there was amazing. From the margarita to the main course, Carnivale is a cannot miss place! We had an 8:30pm reservation, and because we were a bit early, we had to wait in the bar. Which was fine by me because it was fun! The decor and ambiance definitely mimicked what we were about to see in the dining room. I got the margarita on the rocks, which was done perfectly by the attentive and friendly bartender. At 8:30 we were promptly seated at one of the best seats of the house. We were up on the second level so we could see the entire room. Our waiter looked and talked like Steve Buschemi, which was awesome. He was also really knowledgable about the wines, and helped my date decide between two he was thinking of. We ultimately decided to do a cured meat, cheese, and ceviche starting with the Fr a'Mani Salumi, Rosemary Mancheg, and Hiramas. Because I love white, we went with the Westrey Pinot Gris. I am not a seafood fan and never had ceviche before, but I decided to try it. It wasn't served like it normally is, apparently. Instead, the fish was cut into small fillets. I went for it, and was surprisingly good. The meats and cheese were out of this world. And the wine is now one of my faves, I have to remind myself to go buy a bottle. For dinner, I had Chuleta and he had Bife Angost and a bottle of red I sadly did not get the name of because it is one of the few I have really enjoyed. The Chuleta was a revelation: the bacon fufu is one of the most interesting and delicious sides I have ever had. The pork was done beautifully and the broth was the perfect compliment. The beef was incredible: when all of the flavors were combined, the dish was even better. We ended up deciding to skip dessert there, but the service, ambiance, and definitely the food made this one of the best dining and culinary experiences in Chicago to date. It is rather pricey, but I am going to come back for a special occasion for sure.
