If I had a time machine, namely the DeLorean, the first place I'd hope to go is back to my first Sultan's Market experience.  The time: December 2008. Two hungry roommates, having just moved to Chicago from Maine, decide to try the local eatery up the street--the aforementioned regal bazaar. My roommate decided to get the falafel sandwich, seemingly the restaurant's flagship order, and the chicken soup--while I, never having had falafel and not feeling adventuresome, settled on the chicken shawerma dinner with lentils & rice and Jerusalem salad.  One word: Awesomefoods.  It was tasty--the chicken was savory and tender, the rice and lentils a perfect pairing, with all the spices and flavors complementing each other. My only complaint is that the Jerusalem salad was kind of plain, which was resolved with a little salt--though I tend to get the tabouli salad now.  It was quick--as the service is somewhat cafeteria style, you go up, order, they dish it out right in front of you, and you pay. The whole process takes about 1-2 minutes. Keep in mind, if you go at dinner rush, this place can get pretty crowded--increasing the wait time slightly. And it was cheap--the falafel sandwiches are only $3.75, the soups are like $2-3, and the dinners are around $7. You can escape with a tummy full of delicious food items for less than $10--not a bad option given the recession's choke hold on Uncle Sam, Uncle Pennybags, and various other financially endowed uncles. To recap: tasty, quick, and cheap. What more do you want?! Anyway, this experience prompted subsequent visits, several that same week--after seeing my roommate's falafel, I had to try it. We're both hooked. If there's a rehab clinic opening in the greater Chicago area for falafel addicts, let me know. In closing, if I had to recommend any dish for someone adventuring to Sultan's Market for the first time: get a falafel sandwich, or two. There's a reason why everyone raves about them. And if anyone sees Marty or Doc Brown around, let them know that I want to experience my taste buds tingling with the first bite of Sultan's again.
