The name "Violet Hour" implies to me a hazy dream-like time of wonder and possibility. And the bar pretty much lived up to that expectattion. Had we not gone with someone who'd been there before, I think we would have walked back and forth in front of the door several times before realizing the blue boarded up wall was actually it. Once inside I was struck by 3 things - 1) wow this is dark 2) wow this is quiet 3) those are some cool ass chairs We sat at the bar for our first drink and it was definately worth it to watch the bartenders work their magic. Eggs, nutmeg shavings, flame, bitters, sugar cubes - all of these ingredients, and many more I have never heard of, are fair game. We then moved over to our own little table and took a seat in the Alice in Wonderland chairs. Immediately I felt like we were the only people in the bar. Everyone else faded into the background. The few other patrons that I could see ranged from an older couple sharing drinks in the back, to a group of 20-something girls in short-shorts and miniskirts at the bar. We were a group of 5 and they were easily able to accomodate us. The darkness and quiet made for a romantic surreal feeling, though it did make it difficult to make out the drink menu without a flashlight. You can easily hear your companions and enjoy the modern jazz music. If you have a louder person in your group you may feel self conscious - their voice will carry across the whole place. As for the drinks, I can only say WOW. Worth every penny of the $11, for the taste, the quality, and the artistry that the bartenders put into them. I started with a Rio Jockey Club with champagne and bitters. It was quite good, and a good way for me ( a margarita is an adventurous cocktail for me) to ease into things. My husband had a drink that consisted of bourbon, egg, and numeg shavings (and other things I can't remember) and was fantastic. Creamy with a hint of nutmeg, it was reminiscent of egg nogg . I said it tasted like Christmas. Every drink we had that night was fantastic, with the exception of my husband's Dark and Stormy - it was a bit too heavy on the ginger syrup. My favorite of the night was the Red Moon Fizz - another concoction made creamy with egg white. We all had a great time passing drinks around, trying each other's libations. The service was very good - the bartenders are more like drink chefs. The cocktail server we had was very attentive without being instrusive, but I was dissapointed that she often wasn't sure what went in each drink. I really hope that a large portion of the tip we left her went to the bartenders. Between my husband and I we had 7 drinks, so its not the kind of place we can afford to come every weekend. But when I want an evening of atmosphere, conversation, and amazing cocktails, then there's no other place I'd rather go.
