This was my first experience with the restaurant; if I could give Coast a 3.5 star rating I would.  We seated promptly; however I could not say the same thing for the arrival of our waitress. Actually, when we sat down there was another couple sitting in the same section as us. They kept looking around for their waitress (the same as ours) and finally after about 10 minutes got up and left. To say our waitress was slow is an understatement; she was geriatric slow. Our dining partners did say that they have NEVER had service this bad. When we were finally able put in our first sushi order it took FOREVER to receive. Granted, the place was pretty hopping and I could see the sushi chefs cranking out rolls as fast as they could, but I think that if a couple of the rolls were ready then our waitress could've brought them out to us. Instead, I'm convinced that she waited until the last possible moment to get us our rolls; it took about 30 minutes to receive our first round of sushi. The rolls that were supposed to be warm were not warm at all. I will say that the second round of sushi came out much faster than the first. I think it only took about 15 minutes. We got quite an array of sushi rolls and they all tasted pretty good. At the urging of our dining partners we ordered a couple of the White Dragon rolls and I was not disappointed with the taste. We actually ordered two more in our second round. I was disappointed with the diameter of the sushi or lack thereof. All of the sushi is the same diameter...period. I am plan on paying top dollar for a roll, i expect it to be of decent size; the rolls at Coast are not. Some may say, "Well you get a lot of pieces for your money." Ok that is fine, but I can go to Butterfly and get the Godzilla roll and barely be able to finish it for a couple dollars more. Another small disappointment was the crunch rolls. The rolls are literally covered in a giant pile of tempura crumbs. You actually have to dig out the sushi from under the pile. The taste was good, but not what I expected at all. On the plus side, the spicy miso soup is to die for. It is a very flavorful soup infused with fresh jalapenos...yummy. We also got the fresh oysters that were flown in that day. Holy crap were they excellent; creamy, flavorful, no sand....absolutely amazing. Overall I liked Coast, I was just giving my gripes about the place. I would go back on a different night and give it one more shot.
