On our recent trip, we waited two hours to eat at Hot Doug's. Knowing that you are going to wait in line ahead of time helps. It's part of the experience and is pretty much inevitable. Either accept it or move on.  Is it worth it? Hell yeah. Where else are you going to get sausages like these? Nowhere. In my opinion, it's a must do at least once when in Chicago. Once you get inside, you will be helped by Doug himself who is very cool. And when you get inside, it will make sense as to why he has you wait outside for so long. It's not very big inside. So the good news is once you're in and you've ordered, there's always a place for you to sit and you get your food in about 5-10 minutes. There's a method to his madness. Personally, my focus is on the specials. I'm sure everything on the regular menu is great but what sets this place apart are the crazy concoctions he dreams up. We had: 1. Saucisse de Toulouse with Dijon Goat Butter, Pate de Campagne and Creme de Brie Cheese. Amazing! Our favorite of the day.  2. Taco pork sausage with green chili mayo and queso asadero. My boyfriend did not like it but I did. It wasn't as original as some of the other selections but it was quite tasty. I did have to take off some of the cheese though. 3. Foie Gras and Sauternes Duck Sausage with Truffle Aioli, Foie Gras Mousse and Fleur de Sel. This was the boyfriend's pick and he really liked it although he preferred #1.  We also had the duck fat fries and this might be totally sacrilegious to say but I don't get their notoriety. Neither does my boyfriend. They taste a little better than regular fries but they did not make the earth move or the sun shine a little brighter or even make me swoon a little. So next time I'm in town I might hit up Hot Doug's when they are not available and maybe wait 15 minutes less in line.  Personally, I didn't find it difficult to get here by public transportation. We took the blue line to California and then took the 52 bus which drops you off right in front.  Given that the bus drivers in Chicago think they are starring in their own private version of Speed, we got there in like 10 minutes from the train station. There isn't much else around here though which is a bummer unless you count Kuma's Corner. And if you can eat at both in one outing, you need to be calling Adam Richman.
