So, how I finally ended up at the Bad Apple is a long story involving my canadian friend and poutine and a lot of "EH" jokes. But I finally came here for lunch with a couple of friends (including the canadian one), and was happy to be here since I'd been wanting to come forever. The Bad Apple was not what I expected in a lot of ways. Some good, some bad. The restaurant itself is not at all what I expected. I thought it was more bar, less restaurant. When we arrived at noon on a Sunday there were BABIES there. I was not at all prepared for that, but they were quiet so whatever. That beer list was insane. Finally I looked at our server (who was awesome) and said, "um, I know nothing about beer. I drink crap beer mostly. Help me." So I let him pick, and he surprised me with Allagash. It was okay. I didn't love it, but I definitely didn't hate it. We started with the poutine, and my canadian friend was super excited because I guess this is genuine poutine except for the fact that the cheese wasn't melted/stringy. I tried it. I didn't love it. Sorry, Canada. I'm not the biggest fan of regular gravy, so that definitely didn't help. And you know how some people hate the word moist? I feel that way about the word "curd." So the fact that this dish was topped with cheese curds made me uncomfortable. I admit that's just me being... me... so if you're into poutine know that my canadian friend said this is the closest to the real thing she's had in the states. Onto the real food. I got a burger - I think it was the regular Bad Apple burger - and added a pretzel bun. It was pretty good, but nothing earth shattering. I didn't love the fries, and the ketchup (which they make in house, from what I understand) is really, really runny. This made eating my burger very messy. I didn't love the Bad Apple, but I didn't hate it. Great beer list for those into that, great service, but the food left something to be desired for me. Overall, this place gets a rating of A-OK from me, because it is just that.
