I had an experience last night that could have been so upsetting and terrifying, words could not explain. It chilled me to the bone. I traveled upwards of 1,000 miles from Denver to Chicago for my beloved Garcia's burrito. I then traveled from the suburbs to the city and my best friend's house, we loaded up into the car and off we went. My heart was full and happy and I was counting the blocks ....3, 2,1 ... we made our turn into Lincoln Square ... and then ...it happened. My friend's voice cracked as we drove by the sealed off restaurant. " Ummm Oh my THAT doesn't look good" ... what? What ? WHAT doesn't look good ????? My heart sank and my palms grew sweaty ... could the universe be so cruel as to have something happen to my beloved Garcia's ??? As it would turn out ... YES !!! "Remodeling" they call it and that translates into "Your burrito will be available in September"! OK Jenn ..breathe ...stay calm ...in with the good air, out with the bad. As we fervently tried to rethink things, and locate another burrito place, my BFF remembered ..... another Garcia's just up the street ! Although much smaller, it is owned and operated by the same folks!!! My pulse returned to normal and we even found a rock star parking spot ... things were looking up! I had what I always have. A steak burrito with sour cream, cheese, avocado, re fried beans, lettuce and tomato. This burrito is the size of my forearm and weighs about 4 lbs. It is hot and gooey and absolute perfection, I fought off tears of joy as I took my first bite. Hallelujah, and  whatever else one proclaims after experiencing pure bliss. I can say no more. They are simply my favorite food on this earth. The folks at the table next to ours were equally excited and pleased, they yummed and groaned and inhaled with the same level of intensity as we did. This is no coincidence, these burritos are amazing. My BFF had the Fillet AL Mojo DE Ajo ... which is fish in a garlic butter sauce with rice and avocado. The garlic was cooked perfectly, tender, succulent and not burned at all. Burned garlic can really booger things up. It was amazing, the flavors and the texture could not have been better. This dish, as different as my burrito as could be, just proves the quality of the chefs here, not just people slapping together some burritos, the menu is large and every dish is as good as the next. Our pitcher of Margaritas was nothing to sneeze at either! We had another wonderful meal. I love you Garcia's and I am so very glad to have seen you again. So remodel if you must and I will be back soon. That is a promise.
