After an unexpected moving truck breakdown, I found myself deserted by my friends while waiting in a lengthy queue to try the famous homemade sausages at Hot Doug's. While I generally find the idea of standing in any type of line revolting, I was lucky enough to find myself in the company of three friendly strangers who were equally obsessed with national food travel. We explored various culinary options across the United States while offering our personal experiences in cities such as Las Vegas, Seattle, Austin, New York, and New Orleans. Coupled with parking disasters and people whining about the queue, their company dramatically sped up the process. On a number of occasions, I had to check my cell phone to determine whether SG's movers had arrived. One of the strangers noted, "If you check that cell phone while you are at the counter, I think you should have to go back to the end of the line. I countered, "If I check my cell phone when I get to the front of the line, I shouldn't be allowed back in the line." Smiles abounded. It's easy to make friends. I was next in line. Time to play a practical joke. "Hello? Hey SG!!!!" I looked back at the strangers and smiled. No, I'm not that asshole. Hot Doug's is not the type of place where you dally around with your order. I was ready. My order consisted of the following: Foie Gras and Sauternes Duck Sausage with Truffle Aioli, Foie Gras Mousse and Sel Gris ($9.00), White Wine Rabbit Sausage with Sauce Moustards, Goat Cheese, and Spicy Calabrese Peppers ($6.50), Smoked Crayfish and Pork Sausage with Cajun Remoulade and Smokey Blue Cheese ($8.50), Chicago Grilled Hot Dog with Relish, Dill Pickle, Onions, Mustard, and Ketchup ($1.75), Blue Cheese Pork Sausage with Sir William Pear Creme Fraiche and Roasted Almonds ($8.00), and Duck Fat Frites ($3.25).  On my way back to SG's place, I started snacking on the duck fries. While the fries were tasty, I was hoping for each bite to be oozing in duck fat. That simply was not the case. While nearly everyone on Yelp glorifies these fries, I would pass on them for the regular cheese fries on a subsequent visit. We started with the duck sausage. It should be mentioned from the outset that even without the condiments, the different sausages used at Hot Doug's are extraordinarily flavorful. The use of the natural sea salt and the allegedly banned in Chicago foie gras was a nice touch, but the truffle aioli is what carried this particular hot dog. It meshed perfectly with the gamey flavors of the duck. Even more outstanding was the expertly spiced rabbit sausage. The spicy mustards and pepper were properly doused with the pairing of the goat cheese. The result was an excellent meledy for the wine-doused rabbit. Both the duck sausage and the rabbit sausage were superb, but it is the rabbit sausage that will keep me talking about Hot Doug's for decades. Who knew a hot dog could be so decadent? I should have avoided the crawfish on principle alone. First, it was called crayfish. What is the hell is that? Crawdads, yes. Crawfish, yes. Crayfish? Hell no. Second, and more important than a simple nomenclature issue, crawfish is out of season. So this one had that going against it as well. While this particular pork sausage had the nice flavors of an Andouille from New Orleans, the flavor combination of a poorly made remoulade with out-of-season crawfish made for a slightly underwhelming experience. Hot Doug's thoroughly redeemed itself, however, with the Chicago Dog. We ordered ours grilled with all the toppings. I suggest you do the same. The dill pickle gives a satisfying textural crunch and slightly sour taste to complement the Dog. At less than $2 per hot dog, these are an absolute steal. While I was quite full by the time I reached the Blue Cheese flavored pork sausage covered in creme fraiche and almonds, it was still delightful. The use of almond with pork sausage was a new concept. I liked the marriage of traditional English flavors with cuisine from the Heart of Dixie all in the heartland of America. It was enough to make Churchill swoon. If you are in the Chicago area, I would strongly suggest that you brave the line and try at least two flavored dogs and perhaps two of the regular ones. If you are local, it would be a nice place to take a group of six and just sample a ton of nicely flavored meats. Then head over to Kuma's Corner and finish yourself off with a nice burger. Then diet for the rest of the month. Then repeat. I love Hot Doug's. Looking forward to another visit in the near future.
