What a disappointment! If I could give zero stars I would. My boyfriend and I ate here last year for my birthday. We absolutely loved everything about it. During the past year, we've been back several times to have a bottle of wine and their great appetizers at the bar. (love the bartender, btw). We decided to dine here to celebrate this year's birthday. We couldn't believe how terrible it was! First we ordered a glass of champagne, and the waiter brings it in red wine glasses. He says that's how they serve it. Not so on the previous occasions we've drunk it there. As you can imagine, any nuances in the wine were lost. It was like gulping down alcoholy-tasting soda. Next we ordered appetizers--grilled shrimp on greens, and potatoes with olives and rosemary. We couldn't eat the greens that came with the shrimp--too salty. The shrimp itself had good flavor but there was so much salt my tongue felt like it was burning. Luckily the potatoes weren't heavily salted. They also didn't have olives or any hint of rosemary--just pieces of potato swimming in olive oil. We ordered spaghetti with bitter greens and baked chicken to share. The spaghetti and greens dish was too salty to eat. The greens were old, tough leaves that had a leathery texture so sending it off uneaten wasn't a exactly a hardship. We were able to eat the chicken after peeling off the salty skin. We had a good bottle of wine--thankfully. I cannot believe how this place has changed! Half of the tables were empty at 9:30 on a Saturday night. That should have been the giveaway. The waiter was absolutely clueless. We'll give this place 1 more chance by having wine and appetizers at the bar. If we didn't have a history with Anteprima we would just chalk it up as one more awful restaurant and never go there again. My boyfriend never complains about paying at restaurants--he's happy to pay for good food and service. This time he said he felt gypped. It's the first time I've heard him say that.Will the real Anteprima please come back? We miss you!
