The verdict is: I'll still attest to the greatness that is the Gage. Last night, I had the opportunity to cover more culinary ground than on my last three visits combined. We had: Scotch egg: A-. Well done, big and beautiful! I especially liked the coarse mustard as a compliment to the yolk. And pork? Bravo. Chips: A. Classic Irish fries with curry gravy. The fries are perfectly golden with a nice crispy yet chewy inside. And the curry was a standout. Caramelized lobster. C+. Surprisingly, my least favorite of our appetizers. There just wasn't a whole lot of flavor to this particular dish... guess I was expecting more. Goat: A. I'm a huge fan. It's not listed on their website menu, but you'll see it under first or second courses on the printed menu when in the restaurant. The meat has a really rich taste despite being low fat. Who knew? And The Gage sources their goat from a very well-respected farmer (wish I remembered the name). Also, I should mention I was really set on trying the glorious poutine but our server had other plans for us. Though our service was top notch and very involved, I was a bit turned off by the pushiness (i.e. we don't want a bottle of wine, so please don't go ahead and order it for us, okay?). What I did want to drink, however, was two different pints of pumpkin beer (both on draught). One was by Dogfish and the other was so new it hadn't made the menu yet. For my main course, I had 'The Gage' burger. Though the Gage has a plethora of beautiful offerings (Elk! Locally crafted sausages! Gunthorp Farms pork chop!), I had a huge craving for beef and knew I wouldn't be disappointed. I ordered it medium rare which I hardly ever do, but knew I could here. It was cooked to my exact specifications (extra, extra juicy) and topped with local Camembert and melted onion marmalade. Brilliant combination! In fact, I liked my burger so much that I ate the whole thing (which, isn't easy). The only regrettable part of my meal was stuffing myself beyond pain! We finished with a trio of their most popular desserts: lemon creme brulee, the fried cherry pie and the chocolate terrine. Though admittedly not a 'chocolate person', this one shined and wowed all around. You can always count on the Gage for an elegant, spirited experience in a more 'corporate' area of downtown. Good to have you here!
