Ugh! Please allow me to update my review. :(  See that? That is a vegan sad face. Allow me to explain why: After posting my original review, (good food with decent service most of the time with some issues) I got a Yelp email from one of the servers that was upset and felt that I insulted their service and said "this was the strongest team they'd ever had", also stating there was no way any server would waist time flirting with anyone (see my first review) due to most people's couple relationship status or homosexual orientation. ??????????????????????????????????????????????? But it's cool. I know what my experiences were. I simply let the server know that I meant well and that I loved the place. She thanked me for speaking with her and hoped my service was better next time. NOT! After arriving early and waiting for them to open, my boyfriend and I happily sat down and were ready to order brunch. The first server that handed us our menus didn't even say as much as 'hello' to us. After another server came by, I ordered the Steak and Eggs (scrambled tofu for me!) and my boyfriend ordered some veggie bacon, potatoes, dairy eggs, and biscuits and gravy off the build a brunch menu. We then proceeded to wait for our food...and wait...and wait... It took us 30 minutes to get our food and we were one of the first four tables to order. Waiting mind you, without so much as a "we're having a few issues in the kitchen, but your food will be out shortly" or anything from ANYONE. I've never had to wait that long for an order EVER. FINALLY when I did get my food it was ICE COLD!!! I had to send it back!!! My bf only got half of his order, and we had to request the other half. I was apologized to for everything, but how does that happen??? I apologized to my bf for bringing him here right before he had to be at work --- I expected the service and food to be much better and much faster. It makes me very sad and actually hurts my feelings to update my review for the Chicago Diner in this manner, especially as a long time customer of three years, but this last time was just absolutely horrid! I expected so much more from here. I don't think I will be back for a while. Maybe things will be better by the time I decide its safe to return. :( Until then, there are other vegan-friendly establishments with better service. *cry*
