In a town known for meat, Hot Doug's Sausage Superstore and Encased Meat Emporium rules the roost with a wide variety of encased meat goodness sourced from all over the world and a quirky hot dog museum atmosphere that any sausage lover cannot resist. Doug proudly displays his certificate from Hot Dog University and takes the orders himself. It's obvious that the man has a true passion for encased meats. The shop is in the middle of an industrial/non-retail business area. If you spot a long line, that's the line for Hot Doug's. It took me about half an hour to get to the front of the line and once the order was placed, the food arrived quickly.  It's incredibly exciting to see the actual shop with pictures of hot dog advertisements, celebrities (some are signed), and hot dog paraphernalia - from vintage hot dog cookers, to plush hot dog dolls, hot dog gum, hot dog lights on a string, hot dog hand soap dispensers, and more. I own a hot dog pen/magnet and Doug had a couple of them (of course). Hot dogs are everywhere! Learn more about them by studying the History of Encased Meats poster. There are regular sausages that you can have grilled, steamed or deep fried, and a changing menu of specialty sausages, including a celebrity sausage, game of the week (ostrich during my visit but it could be rattlesnake, alligator, etc.).  * The Atomic Bomb ($7.50): Damn Spicy Pork Sausage with Chipotle Dijonnaise and Fontina Cheese. It's even better than it sounds. The pork sausage is quite spicy (I think I saw jalapeno bits) with amazing flavor, juicy and fatty in the best way. And it's bathed in this addictive spicy creamy chipotle dijonnaise, topped with a mountain of fontina cheese cubes (big ones) and surrounded by a soft, warm steamed bun. I thought the cold cheese was a strange idea but it actually works. Doug is a sausage genius.  * Duck fat fries ($3.50): Only available on Fridays and Saturdays, a huge heaping portion of thinly, unevenly cut skin on fries, slightly crispy outside, soft inside. They grew cold very quickly and many pieces were tiny stubs. These were good but I'd rather have another sausage next time. After all, this place is all about the sausage. Cash only. Closest CTA stop: Belmont
