For lunch today I made the trek all the way up north to Hot Doug's to meet Jeff. We just missed the lunch rush, so I had that going for me.... which is nice. I ordered the Foie Gras and Sauternes Duck Sausage, the Gyro Sausage, The Dog, Fries, and a small Fountain Beverage. Can Doug be any nicer? You'd think that after slinging that many sausages for so many years to so many customers, he'd be a total prick. On this occasion I allowed him to pick my final sausage and he totally took some time and thought about it (he suggested the gyro). Anyway, after much internal debate, I decided to eat the sausages one at a time and started with the duck. First off the sausage itself was moist, well seasoned, and just straight up yummy. However, the yumminess didn't stop at the sausage, because it was topped with Foie Gras Mousse and Truffle Sauce. Wow! This was more than a sausage, it was a well orchestrated gourmet meal disguised as a sausage and delivered on a bun. I then moved to the Gyro, which wasn't so much a play on a traditional Gyro, but more a Mediterranean inspired dish on a bun. The sausage was comprised of lamb & beef, topped with a Spinach Riata, Black Olives, and Haloumi Cheese. Another winner! Finally, I dove straight into a classic Chicago dog. Doug keeps it real with a nice all beef dog, drags it through the garden, and leaves off the ketchup. It was delicious, but the bun wasn't steamed, which is a bit of a turn off for me. The fries were spot on and the Root Beer was flowing freely from the tap. The space looks like just another hot dog shop. Bright colors, plenty of seating, and walk up service really makes you feel like you're at the corner greasy spoon. However, excellent service, great tunes, and an amazing product elevate Hot Doug's to be something so much more. If Charlie Trotter was really nice, cool, was obsessed with sausages, and down to earth he might have opened a joint like this, but he's not and Doug is. I hate dishing out 4 or 5 star Yelps for fast food joints, especially when I only gave White Castle a 3, but this is just straight up sinful and delicious! 2 Sausages of the Day 1 Hot Dog 1 Fry 1 Drink ------------ $21.00
