So, my father doesn't eat sushi. His philosophy is that if he's paying for it, it better be cooked, so needless to say, I was shocked when they called me several months ago to tell me that even he had been lured into the raw side when they ate at Sunda. If I could, I would live on sushi, and so of course, I had to try the place. We started with 3 apps, the mushroom and asparagus dish, crab garlic noodles, and soft shell crabs. Oh, and I got a miso soup, which was nicely flavorful, complete with an ample amount of scallions, weeds of the sea, and tofu. As a veg, I only tried the shrooms, which were served in an iron skillet--they were strong. I kind of adore mushrooms in any format, but this was a nice selection of exotics--enough for 3 to share if you're also getting other apps. I powered through most of it myself and was full, but still had my game face on for sushi. The garlic noodles got good reviews as "very garlicy", and the soft shells were wonderfully presented in a pot of seared peppers and were quite spicy. I got 3 rolls, the veg roll (minus the lettuce and ponzu), a hamachi and scallion roll (though they forgot the scallions), and the golden childn roll minus the mango creme (they forgot the real mango)...at first I was fussy abt the omissions, but I have to say, the fish stood alone quite well. I was really impressed--I haven't had fish I liked this much since I lived in Boston and had access to Oishii (godliness of all sushi restaurants). My brother got a spicy tuna (good), california (w/ real crab, good), and a shrimp tempura roll (also solid). I would definitely return. I would say that our waiter initially was not up to par--he took a while to get to us--he became more attentive once the meal was under way. I'm pretty sure he was just pissed that we weren't ordering copious amounts of alcohol. The rolls were very well sized, and although their special rolls are overly fussy for my taste, they were willing to leave off components that I didn't want, which not all places will do. For the 1st time in my life I had leftovers after eating sushi...I blame the appetizers. I was disappointed with myself at first, but then realized that now I get veg rolls for lunch today, which can only be a good thing. Oh, it's super loud, so if you go with a big group, prepare to choose your seat well b/c you'll really only be able to hear the person next to you.
