Given its high marks on Yelp and some good reviews from friends, I was extremely excited to have dinner and drinks at Hopleaf. However, when I went there yesterday with a group of girlfriends, I was extremely disappointed -- bad service, bad food, high tab. I've not had such a bad dining experience since... well, ever. I am a lover of all food; seriously, I will eat anything. It is not often that I leave food on my plate, and it is even less often that I will write something like "terrible service, bad food, won't be back" on my check. But I did, and here's why: I got to Hopleaf before my lady friends. The bar was quite crowded so I meandered to the back of the restaurant, where I was met by a hostess. I said, "Hello. I'm meeting some friends, I'm not sure if they're here yet." The hostess cut me off and said, "Well, I don't know if they're here yet either. Go look for them outside." Her response seemed a bit rude, but I decided to overlook it. I went to the patio, where one of my friends appeared moments later. The patio is nice, but it is extremely dark, and all the tables near the very dim lights had been taken. We sat in a black corner, where we had to use our cell phones to read the menu. When the rest of our friends arrived, the waitress came by and gave us some drink suggestions, which was about all she did for the entire two hours we sat there. Drinks came to the table in an extremely slow fashion. Water had to be asked for more than once. We ended up ordering two appetizers (mussels for two and the cheese plate), which came 45 minutes after we ordered them. The mussels tasted fine, but they were by no means outstanding. There was barely any broth in the dish. The best part of the appetizer was the fries and aioli dipping sauce, but honestly, I didn't come to Hopleaf for the fries. I can get good fries elsewhere without paying $46 for dinner. We asked the waitress for more bread to dip in the broth (we had five people at the table), but like the water, it never showed. A very nice busboy ended up bringing us bread and water. His service was really the only redeeming part of the evening. Additionally, the cheese plate left something to be desired. Maybe it was a poor choice on our part given that we had so many mouths to feed, but this plate was dainty, to say the least. Dinner came a bit quicker than our appetizers, but on the whole, it was pretty terrible. Two of my friends ordered the brisket sandwich, and one of those friends didn't even eat it. She literally gave her whole plate back to the waitress, who just took the plate without even asking why my friend was returning it. My other friend ate some of hers, but she didn't like it either. She said the meat was too fatty. I, myself, had a similar problem with the pork belly and prawns entree. I always jump at the chance to order pork belly because I think it is delicious. I realize that pork belly is a fattier cut of meat, but what I received was so disgustingly fatty that I barely ate it. The prawns were fine, but the corn pudding that came with it was sub par, and the fruit salsa that was supposed to come with it was almost nonexistent. I had one of the most expensive meals on the menu so I expected a lot more from it. Please... don't make me pay $23 for something almost inedible. My next friend ordered the duck reuben, which was better than the other meals, but that's really not saying a lot. It was pretty unimpressive, even though the description sounded inspired. The last friend ordered the soup of the day, which, if I remember correctly, was a ginger carrot soup. She said it tasted good, but for the flowers on top, which, considering the rest of the meals, was hardly anything to complain about. For the main part of our meal, we only had five people at our table. One other girlfriend showed up at the very end for one drink, and then we were charged gratuity for six. I understand that this is restaurant policy, but our waitress DID NOT deserve a $40 tip. Now, you might be wondering why we didn't complain. Well, we would have if our waitress ever came back... someone else brought our check. Usually, I think a restaurant deserves two chances before I make up my mind about it, but one chance was more than enough in this case. I definitely won't be back.
