Gah... I booked this place on Hotwire, which says it's a 3 star hotel. No, it's not. The restaurant doesn't exist yet (but it will Real Soon Now (tm)!), the coffee shop doesn't keep open the hours they have posted, and the whole place just feel abandoned. Let's talk about the "services" that are on their webpage: Continental Breakfast: No sight of it! Day Spa Services: Where? 24 Hour Fitness Center: There's a room with a treadmill and an exercise cycle. Gourmet Coffee Shop: ... There's a place that serves coffee. Their hours are awful (and disagree with what they post), and the food isn't "gourmet" at all. It's mostly packaged stuff they heat up for you at a premium. Oh, and if you have any questions about it, the staff will gladly tell you that the coffee shop is a separate company and they have no idea about it. Gift Shoppe / Art Gallery: Worse hours than the coffee shop. I've been here for three days, and I haven't seen it open yet. Meeting & Banquet Facilities: no idea. 24 Hour Business Center & Free Wi-Fi: There's a room with some computers and some printers. The wi-fi is free, when it's working. Unfortunately the staff know less about it than they do the coffee shop, and can only suggest using an ethernet cable (which they will provide, also free) if you have any problems. Limousine Services: They have the number for a limo company up front, yes. Wedding and Tour Packages: I've got nothing. Ample Parking: True. This is because the place is abandoned, you and the other guest at the hotel have your choice of many spaces. Along with all of that, the staff seem like they're just off their game. None of the rooms (I've unfortunately seen more than one) are well cleaned, and the hallways and common areas (except for the lobby) are in worse shape than the rooms. It looks like there's been a fresh coat of paint by someone who lost interest before they finished (areas where the paint just... stops...). At the rate they're charging (~$140/night with tax), there's no way this is worth it. At the hotwire rate ($60/night including tax), well, it's better. Finally, the area of town it's in is kind of sketchy. It's close to Chinatown, and I expected to walk there for food and whatnot. The staff strongly advised me against making that walk in the evenings or night time. I did once at night, a bunch of times during the day, and it was fine. However, I'm a large dude, and others might be less comfortable with it. Once you get into Chinatown it's fine, but between here and there is a bit shady. I get the feeling that this hotel just isn't doing well enough to survive. I overheard the staff saying that they had something like 50 rooms full this weekend. That's close to 1/5 full. Ouch...
