I had two very different experiences at the Gage. But the second was so great, I have a positive feeling about the Gage now. First time was just two of us, and the service was painfully slow. They were slammed, and the server was nice. But I felt almost ignored, she was so busy. (she comped a drink for us because she knew it was ridiculously slow) It didn't help that there was a traaaaaaashed women sobbing in to her boyfriend's chest for most of the two hours we were there. That made every minute feel like five. After much debate, I went with fish and chips, since it's got a great reputation. I would say it's filling. I wouldn't call it special or unique or even that tasty. I'm not sure why the heck it's so popular. let's fast forward to the second visit. It was a work dinner, and a large group. Our server was incredibly attentive and answered our thousands of questions with enthusiasm. He basically took over and ordered tons of small plates for us all, since my boss kind of gave him the go-ahead. It's nice to sample most of the menu at a place like the Gage, where I wouldn't pay for all that myself! Mussels- cooked to perfection. We finished all three orders of these succulent little babies. Scotch egg- very unique, mustard was incredible. I kept stealing spoonfuls of this grainy mustard when no one was looking. Carmelized lobster- who doesn't love quinoa? and lemon? so bright and satisfying Burgers- our Japanese clients always order burgers when they're in the US. They loved the burgers, and they always tell us the truth. I think they actually cleaned their plates. I ordered the market fish special that night, which I think was halibut. Yes, after all this food, I ordered fish. But it was juicy and delicate and lemony. To top off the feast, I had a delicious raspberry dessert that isn't on the menu now. I think they change their desserts frequently. I would bet they're all executed beautifully, though. The bathrooms are far away. If your server is like ours, and suggests many rounds of their strongest beer, you might want to think about skipping the loo. Those stairs were ominous after my last beer.
