Big Jones occupies half of the space left vacant when Augie's closed more than 6 months ago. I've been waiting for something -- anything! -- to open here, so when I saw activity over the past month, I was excited. The sign on the wall indicated a web site for "bigjoneschicago," which made me fear this was going to be a chain joint. Luckily, my fears were unfounded. The restaurant features "Southern Coastal" cuisine, which made as much sense to me as it does to you right now. I was thinking Carolina, but the menu posted in the window seemed more New Orleans. If you think "hurricane alley," you've got the region just about right. Some Creole, some seafood, some fried green tomatoes. Whatever it is, it works. The decor was just what I needed on a chilly day in April. The room is wide open, with pastel walls (seafoam, salmon), bamboo flooring and accents, plantation-style chairs and paper lanterns. Very spring. Full length windows let the sunlight stream in, and curtains drape along the walls. I stopped in mid-afternoon, which is "tea" -- light plates, sandwiches, and desserts, and lots of tea. I had the tasso ham and cheese sandwich, which is served with a side of fries and fried onions and okra. I could have made a meal of the side. I skipped the tea and had the home brewed ginger beer, which was delicious. But more gingery than you may be used to. If it was later in the day, or if my schedule was free, I might have gone for a sazerac. Since I am a pig, I forced myself to have a piece of rum raisin bread pudding. I like my bread pudding with a bit more texture, but it was good. Jones also serves brunch from 11 to 2, and dinner starting at 5. I passed by the restaurant about noon on Sunday, and it was packed. Not a surprise on a weekend, but forewarned is forearmed. I looked at the dinner menu, and in addition to the standard gumbo and etouffee, there are some very intriguing choices. Jalapeno Gator Sausage. Fried Chicken Salad. Brunswick Stew made with rabbit, not the chicken which is often substituted. Tallgrass beef is served both as a steak (sirloin) and a burger. Which ties in with Big Jones' desire to serve local and organic ingredients. Other reviews have complained about the service, but I found everyone very welcoming, knowledgeable, and accommodating. Granted, this was a Monday afternoon, rather than a Saturday night. The restaurant is still a work in progress. Quite literally -- there was some construction going on while I was there. But I'm looking forward to having more meals here.
