Another excellent evening provided by the Lettuce folks! And holy hell, how have I NEVER been here before last evening? Sad sad sad. I am slacking in my old age. The next in a series of events, Shaw's held our biggest party of the summer and has done so for years from what I understand. The staff remembers everyone in our group by name and without fail, keeps the event running smoothly from the time we booked it until the time we left the restaurant.  The buffet line was just about ready to go when we showed up 30 minutes before the event started- they were clearly on the ball and left us no reason to think anything would be rushed. They also made sure to keep refilling our waters/sodas while we waited for the guests, and kept up conversation which is great- you HAVE to love a friendly staff at these events as opposed to the sometimes surly or just disinterested ones I've encountered elsewhere. Throughout the night, I never noticed anyone waiting for a drink- they were SO on the ball. Damn you Arturo and your never ending wine glass- I slept like CRAP last night.  Once the food was out- my oh my! Lots of pasta salads, delicious caprese, amazing alaskan halibut (melt in your mouth good) and fantastic sushi. I kept going back for the eel and avocado, not caring who was judging me :) I didn't try the oysters (didn't feel like eating things that were just begging to make me look like an idiot by spilling on me :)) and I am not a fan of crab, but word was that the card legs were delish. I never noticed any part of the buffet being empty so they must have been monitoring it well. The little desserts were also really good- some brownies, a chocolate mousse in a glass sort of thing (I didn't try this, just was NOT hungry after all that sushi), little raspberry tarts (ok these were so small I found room for one and really wished I'd had more stomach space), and cupcake trees! So cute. They also opened up some champagne to pour with desserts. Everything was just SO GOOD.  The event was held in the oyster bar and I can't recommend it highly enough. The set up was really good for traffic flow (seems to fit 130 -150 no problem, and because they had the buffet set up along the far side of the bar, people HAD to move to get food instead of congregating by the door!).  Perfect staff, awesome food, excellent venue, 5 stars all the way!
