I can't remember the first time I went to 3rd Coast cafe. Certainly, it was much different than it is now. I have very vivid memories of the upstairs section: the oscillator in the center of the ceiling trying to keep pace with the locals' cigarette smoke, interchanging it with oxygen which was used to fuel the varied discussions ranging from Hegel's philosophy to "Billy Joel: the man, or not the man?". I didn't smoke in high school, but many of my classmates did, and often snuck over to the Coast after school to hide away from anyone who might catch them. There are several people that borderline-lived there, playing chess, reading, debating. There still are. This is for a reason. There was a distinguishable identity back then. 3rd Coast was the place you would go when you got in a fight with your girl friend or your parents, where you would go when you were so stressed out about the 8 hours of homework you had that you knew the only way you could get through it was with bottomless coffees, 4am close times, and unbelievably good music selected by a staff who deserves their own hall of fame. 3rd Coast was just where you would go. Because it was a constant. You could rely on the good music, the kind-but-not-intrusive wait staff who were eager to be on a first-name basis with you, and of course the lovely owner: Janet. Most importantly I could rely on the Turkey & Brie: a sandwich that is such a staple to the restaurant that vicious debates have ensued over its merit and taste. I have probably had the Turkey & Brie more than my own mother's cooking. And yet, I never seem to tire of it. It is always there. When the baker of the bread used for the sandwich went out of business near-riots erupted. Ingredients are vital. After all, there isn't even lettuce on the damned thing. Just Turkey, and Brie. So if the bread changes, it is seismic. Some other things changed along with the bread. Someone commented on the Coast's convoluted identity. At one point I knew it as a sit-for-hours cafe. I remember when the threat of the smoking ban first reared it's head. I was smoking a lot of pot at the time, and would often venture to my nostalgic spot, back faced to the mirrors, munchie's drawn and ready to order a brownie fudge sundae with ice cream you'd have to drive out to the suburbs to eat if you weren't going to get it here. Lately I've been more inclined to get apple pie, slices of which are cut so big they rival the gusto of a slice of Gibson's pie. A slice so large that when ordered a la mode can only be difgnified with two scoops of ice cream, which it is. Perhaps now it is not so much of a sit-down-for-hours cafe. What I'm trying to say is, don't expect free wifi because it ain't that kind of place. The smokers are no longer there, the closing time is now 12 instead of 4, and Sunday brunch has become an event worthy of the gold coast's finest, so long as they check their prententiousness at the door. But I'm still welcomed in with a smile and can still expect the same conversation, the same good music, and of course the Turkey & Brie. And by the way, the bread they use for it now is the best they've ever had. I think the identity of the Coast is more poignant and articluated now than it was when it was more obvious. Perhaps it is more subtle, and maybe combined from its past lives and future ambitions, but it is certainly not confused, or facing some kind of identity crisis. To me it is loud and clear. You may not get it the first time. After this essay of a review you may even be disappointed with it. But I won't accept your opinion of the place until you've been there at least 20 times. Because to me this establishment means so much more than a place for a quick meal. Even if things are different now, I still see the 3rd Coast Cafe as the only place that will always make sense, where the only thing that changes is the art hanging on the walls, and the soup. And the coffee isn't bad either.
