Who would have guessed that a meal at a fancy restaurant could be so much FUN? First of all, the menu at Alinea is a secret - you don't get to see it beforehand. This means that each course is a big adventure (although they do ask you beforehand if there's anything you're allergic to, so they don't inadvertently kill you). Next, each course is interactive. Instead of just passively sitting there while each dish is placed before you and then using the usual boring knife and fork, you actually have to DO different things to enjoy each course. There are courses that you eat with your fingers; tidbits of food on a skewer where you have to lean forward and bite it off; fresh greens growing in a centerpiece of real soil which you harvest for your salad yourself by snipping them off with manicure scissors; liquid courses that you suck out of a tube; dishes that come apart and have to be assembled a certain way before you can combine the different ingredients to complete the entre.  Then there are all the surprising blends of different flavors: salty steelhead roe eggs with sweet watermelon mousse; hamachi deep-fried with banana and ginger; a cheese-flavored ravioli with a liquid center of black truffle; chocolate with red pepper sauce. The creativity, attention to detail, and formal presentation devoted to each dish is incredible. Our dessert was literally a work of art which was created right in front of us -- by head chef Grant Achatz himself, we later found out -- before we were allowed to eat it by scraping it off the surface of the table (which had been covered with a practical rubber tablecloth beforehand). I've never been so tempted to take a picture of my food, which I thought was something only tourists do, but I was too eager to dive in and start eating. In most high-end restaurants, you feel as if you have to mind your table manners. Here, it's perfectly acceptable to lick your fingers (although they do provide hot towels for the especially messy finger foods) and otherwise enjoy yourself. If you like wine, Alinea prides itself on its wine list, but better to go with the optional wine pairing where each course is perfectly complimented by a specially selected wine. Arrive hungry - the portions are tiny, but after a total of 16 or so courses (we lost count), you'll be more than satisfied. Also, save a visit here for special occasions because it's definitely pricey - but do go at least once. It's definitely worth the three-star Michelin rating. Have fun!
