Hot Doug's is a Chicago-based restaurant, specializing in hot dogs and other encased meats. The self-proclaimed "Sausage Superstore and Encased Meat Emporium" is in its second location at 3324 North California Avenue in the city's Avondale neighborhood. Its first location, on Roscoe Street, closed after a 2004 fire. After being coaxed away from my computer by my instinct to be not-thin, and persuasion from a friend... it was off to Hot Doug's. The first thing you should know about going here is, go with a friend, for several reasons; although I have come up with 3 essentials: -LONG LINES  Doug's is only open from 10:30am till 4pm Monday - Saturday so anticipate a wait; and you might as well have someone to talk to. -CASH ONLY  Doug's is cash only so if you only have a card or are a little short, it's nice to have a friend near-by to mooch off of. -SHARING  The more people you bring the more you can order split into pieces and try a bit of everything. Trust me I don't like to share my food, but I gladly do here! My friend said, "let's do 5 today," but we finally settled on 4. The first one which I thought was a easy choice was the Celebrity Sausage (sausage named after a celeb that changes daily or so... I think?) Which was the Bridget Moynahan today which if you don't know who she is, she was in Coyote Ugly, Serendipity (a la John Cusack) and I know her best from a short lived ABC series called 6 degrees, which I actually liked but wasn't a stupid fucking reality show so I think almost made it only one full season? But this was the Spicy Thai Chicken Sausage finished a with sriracha mustard and topped with a sesame seaweed salad. -$7.50 Lastly we dug into the "big dog" One-Third Pound Calabrese Pork Sausage with Creamy-Sun-Dried Tomato Mustard, Spicy Tapenade and Tallegio Cheese. -$8.00 Wow, the only way to describe this is a big spicy, rich, awesome kick to the mouth! The decision to have four dogs was justified at first bite of this one and passing on Doug's fresh cut french fries I learned is the way to do it. My first bite sent my brain into a utter state of confusion; the warm soft bun surrounding the perfectly cooked chicken sausage which must have been made with fennel or some pepper flake that gave it a holy shit spicy kick but was definitely set off by the sriracha mustard but was at the same time cooled by the seaweed salad which hit my nose at the same time sending my palate into a state of dislocation of if I was at a Hot Dog joint or Asian Restaurant. Regardless this was AWESOME! Quickly moving on to the next one was the Blue Cheese Pork Sausage with Sir William Pear Creme Fraiche and Roasted Almonds. -$7.50 Ok, so I'm pretty sure the only time I've ever had nuts on my sausage is when I've sat down too fast in gym shorts? I wasn't sure what to think of this by looking at it, but at first bite, I was gay for this sausage! The way the roasted almonds complimented every bite and the creme fraiche rounded this dish out; it's a marriage in Massachusetts! The next one was a Portabella Mushroom and Swiss Cheese Pork Sausage with Chipotle Dijionaise, Caraway Havarti Cheese and Shiitake Mushrooms sauteed in duck fat. -$8.00 Hard to write about this one because I'm pretty sure I made this sausage look like Harry Houdini and disappeared before my very eyes. All I have to say is look at the description, oh yeah and two words, DUCK FAT! Although, I have yet to go on a Friday or Saturday when the fries are cooked in DUCK FAT! But my personal fatitude is when you have the option, stick to meat! My first time I definitely had to try the Foie Gras and Sauternes Duck Sausage with Truffle Aioli, Foie Gras Mousse and Fleur de Sel -$9.00 which is one of the dishes that has brought owner Doug Sohn much controversy and notoriety due the recent ban and repeal of fois gras; but I learned the hard way by eating the whole thing, another dog and large fries by yourself is a recipe for stomach holding and food coma...but delicious! Other than hot dogs and encased meats, I think Doug's specializes in thinking outside the box (or bun to steal a phrase from my beloved Taco Bell.) I could go on about the place but I think you should try it for yourself this is definitely on my list of favorites. ...Move over Abe Froman, Doug Sohn is the Sausage King of Chicago!
