Ok, I'm very torn on this review. I get it, ok? I get that it's cool if nobody really knows where you're located unless they really KNOW. I mean, I've seen Swingers, I live in LA, I know that no good bar actually has a sign identifying it. The problem here is that everyone seems to know where Violet Hour is regardless. My friends and I ventured to Violet Hour around 11PM on a blustery Saturday night. I know that the doorman used to take down your number and call you up when a table became available, but that practice seemed to be totally MIA on this evening, so we waited....in line........ for almost an hour. Yup! My friends wouldn't shut up about how great the place was though, so we stayed, and we waited and it somehow became the most awkward social experiment I've ever witnessed. Imagine a group of about 30 people, all standing in a hallway with nothing to stare at but each other and the splotchy drywall of the bar's entrance. Now imagine other people who repeatedly open (and then hold ajar) the door to the outside, letting in the freezing cold Chicago-in-December night air. Now guess how everyone inside responded? By yelling and getting super-hostile? Yup, that was about it. Add in people who somehow managed to stroll right past the line while ignoring the bitchy and combative comments coming from all the people who were waiting and you basically have the story of that hour of my life. It was horrible, really, like some weird prison psych experiment to see how long it would take everyone to turn on one another. I swear, things were about to get cannibalistic in that place! Once inside, the atmosphere was cute, and I loved the table we got right next to the cozy fireplace. Although, the lack of dress code enforcement was a little distracting (plaid flannel shirts and old dirty new balance with dad jeans, really?????). The drinks though, are entirely what earned all 4 of these little stars. My friends and I made sure to order different drinks each round and passed to the right so we all got to experience everything. From the insane yet yummy delight of Sailor Jerry rum in my tattooed seamen, to the sweet mintiness of the Southside, it really is all about the cocktails here. Well worth the $11/each and definitely worth trying, just try to keep it civil in the hallway, ok?
