Graham Elliot Bowles creates a fun, inviting scene and backs it up with food that while inventive and playful, doesn't lose focus on what's important; a great tasting, satisfying meal. The room is subdued, with dark wood and golden lighting on brick walls, on which hung picture boxes full of lemons. It's a loud space, so if it's a refined, intimate dinner you need, look elsewhere-this is more of a pre-bar/club crowd. Service was spot on. Fresh silver with every course, water was always full, plates cleared right away, and our server was knowledgeable in regards to everything on the menu from wine, beer, and cocktails, to each dish and desert, including run-downs on ingredients when pressed. The food. That is why we're here, no? I enjoyed the food. The amuse of Parmigiana Reggiano truffle popcorn was fun. The Caesar salad was again fun, with Brioche Twinkie-style "crouton" cubes filled with Caesar dressing. The ahi tuna carpaccio was okay. The slices of tuna were so paper thin that they almost lost their flavor. The dish was served with garbanzo relish, crispy Serrano, and marcona almonds with a pimento foam that I had a hard time remembering as pimento. The skate with polenta cake, caper chutney and baby spinach was done just right, and tasted great. The highlight of the meal was the poached salmon, BLT style, served with frisee, heirloom tomato and pancetta vinaigrette. This one was awesome and the big piece of fish melted in my mouth. Deserts were phenomenal, and worth saving room for - did I mention the molten carrot cake? This was a great meal and a fun time. I feel like I should have ordered a few different starters as opposed to getting an entree because a lot of the starters looked more appealing to me than the entree, so consider splitting a bunch of them if you feel the same way. The bar is smallish, and there isn't a lot of room to hang out, but we were seated right away and this wasn't a concern for us. Toward the end of our meal I saw Chef Bowles conferring with his dining room manager and working the room. I'm going back now that I have a better game plan laid out. I can't wait to try more from the menu.
