First, I would give this place 3.5 stars if Yelp would let me but it's definitely not a 4 so I went with a 3. This Friday, we decided to try Cafe 28 for dinner. I had seen it before walking around in the area but never decided to walk in because it didn't seem to look that nice from the outside. When we walked in, the place seemed small. It only have a few tables and a bar. I was disappointed because I thought it didn't look like a comfortable place to have dinner at. Plus the music was loud which would make conversation very tough. But to my surprise and delight, they actually had a separate dining area where the ambiance seemed much more conducive to eating. I started with a drink first, though I don't remember what it was called but I do remember it had egg whites and sour mix in it. I thought it was ok. It was the only drink I had that night besides water. For appetizers, we ordered the Mejillones en Chimichurri (Mussels and Chorizo sausage) and the appetizer special of the night - pan seared and roasted quail in mole poblano. The mussels were excellent. I had mussels at least three times this week and the mussels at Cafe 28 were probably my favorite. The sauce and shallots with the mussels were perfect together. The chorizo though was ok. I was expecting the chorizo to be crumbled but they were instead sliced and tossed into the bowl. I think it would have worked better if they were crumbled and in the mussel shell. The quail was ok as well. It was nothing special and wish it was crispier on the outside a bit more. The mole was pretty good but not enough heat, in my opinion. For the entree, I decided on the Carne a la Parilla, a marinated skirt steak grilled and served with poblano rice, some vegetables (I think onions, squash, corn, and some others) and guajillo pepper sauce. I ordered the steak medium rare and it was a little rarer than I expected but still very fine. The sauce was really good though and perfect with the meat. The rice was really good also but the vegetables weren't anything special or anything to remember. Finally, for dessert, we had the passion fruit creme brulee. It was a nice combination of sweetness and tartness to finish the meal. I would definitely eat here again. The meal we had was relatively inexpensive and I thought the food was all decent to good. I just wish they'd turn the music down though.
