Freshness abounds at this neaopolitan style pizza place. With a custom oven and promises of authentic Italian pizza (and Nutella!), I was excited to try it out. We got a pretty solid variety of pizza, and I think we chose well for our first time. But I'm going to have to go back to try the other variations on the menu... FOOD Insalata di Mare - Seafood Salad: At $10, this was a pretty good deal. Nothing too special about the bread itself, but the seafood (poached calamari, cuttlefish, and shrimp) was pretty fresh and wasn't ruined by dumping a bunch of batter all over everything and frying the whole lot. I think they can afford to put in a couple more olives, though. Funghi e Salsiccia - Mushroom, Sausage, Basil, and Fresh Mozzarella Pizza: Our server recommended that we get both a red and a white pizza to give both a try. Done. We opted to go for the mushroom and sausage pizza, and the housemade sausage was AWESOME. The sausage wasn't overseasoned with a salt-mine's worth of sodium, and it wasn't greasy. We were told that the crust is the star at Spacca Napoli (more on that later), but I don't think that's a free pass for a blander-than-expected red sauce. Maybe it's subdued on purpose to let the fresh ingredients shine through more, maybe they don't think it's bland. But it could stand to be more aggressive. I love a flavorful sauce. I had two problems with the crust; one, it was too salty, both by itself (when eating the crust) and in combination with the toppings. Two, the high moisture content of the fresh mozzarella soaks through the paper thin crust at the center and makes the pizza pretty soggy. For some reason, it still works, albeit it is a little unsettling. This was supposed to have basil on it and I'm sure you can see the pathetic attempt at it...but it was disappointing that they only included what amounted to one basil leaf. More basil = more balance. Oh well. Bianca con Bufala e Rucola - Buffalo Mozzarella, Basil, Arugula: The second was a white pizza made with buffalo mozzarella and topped with fresh and crispy arugula. Olive oil played the red sauce's normal role here. Buffalo mozz is a lot creamier than regular mozzarella, but retains the same high moisture content, so the same issues with the crust that I mentioned about are the same here. The extra creaminess of the cheese is definitely noticeable for a obviously heavier pizza here. Still, great flavor, and I love all of that arugula on top. But again, where's the basil? The generous heap of other greens helped with the balance issue cited above, but still...more basil please! Spumoni Ice Cream: Pistachio, rum, strawberry and chocolate ice cream with some candied fruits. Very good! I was extremely happy with the spumoni, but I can't really say that it's any better than what you could get at the store or ice cream shops. Nutella Focaccia: THIS WAS INCREDIBLE. They use the same dough that they use for the pizza and bake it til it bubble up. They cut the bubble down the middle and slather on the Nutella goodness, and it was amazing. I loved this dessert, and the salty dough went so well with the sweet and creamy Nutella. This is genius. This is a must have. SERVICE/OVERALL: Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and stopped by frequently enough to get what we wanted, but not so much so that he was overbearing. We went later on a Sunday so there was no wait so I can't speak to how busy the restaurant is at peak times, but I think they're able to get out the pizzas and appetizers pretty quickly based on what we experienced. Overall, Spacca Napoli is a great restaurant that's worth the drive to Ravenswood! Just eat the pizza there or else the fresh mozzarella might eat completely through the crust.
