It's going to be long. Must be brief to fit the experience in 5001 characters. Alinea is a special occasion kinda place. Before you can dine here you must get a reservation here. The trick is they open up reservations two months in advance so if you want to eat in March you better call Jan 1 to snag that spot up (especially if it's a weekend). You've got your reservations? Great! It's located in a building that's pretty nondescript. During the day my friend described it as..."shady looking." In the evening there will be a tiny sign for Valet Service ($11). Unless you're lucky and there's a spot open, why not just Valet (You're already splurging on this epic meal.) Oh yea...formal jackets required...don't be a bum! The interior looks like an upscale office. Tell them your name and reservation time and off you go to your seats! They'll take your valet card so they can prep your car when your meal is ending or call you a cab if that's the route you went. Service! They only do wines so don't expect cocktails. Wine pairings ranged from 160 to 250. Ok Food! Warning that there will be some spoilers! Steelhead Roe sitting on a bed of watermelon mousse, wrapped in watermelon flesh and finished off with watermelon consume poured in with an edible flower. Wonderful starter that was mostly sweet, but light elements of savory. Hamachi bite that had pineapple salt, ginger, west indie spices, and kaffir lime with Vanilla Bean Stick for holder. Complex flavors here. It was sweet, but also sour from the kaffir, then salty and rich from the hamachi. Another good opening to get your tastebuds going. At this point they brought out what looked like fruit rollups and set them down and told us we'd deal with them later...intrigue! The next dish was a quad that we were supposed to eat in a specific order. The presentation was these 4 shellfish sitting on kelp sitting on this driftwood. Oyster Leaf topped with a mignonette. Leaves that taste like oysters! Taylor Bay Scallop with old bay oil and a white ale foam. One of the highlight bites of the night. The scallop was juicy and firm and had an overall richness of flavor. Top Neck Clam with an xo sauce and carrot and ginger tapiocas. This reminded me of Asian cuisine with the xo sauce and the salty flavors. Mussel with saffron, chorizo, and orange. The mussel was sitting in the shell and the other flavors were these cubes that sat on top of it so as you chewed the flavors got intense based on which cube you were hitting. Yuba (tofu skin) with shrimp and a miso mayo dip. They dried it, rolled it up, and deep fried it to create a stick then wrapped a shrimp around it and placed it in a holder that had a well of miso mayo dipping sauce. Chip and dip! Mackerel bite with juniper, radish flower, and mango. We were just to chomp down and slide the bite off the wire. Great layers to the flavors. Salty richness from the mackeral moving down to the sweet mango. Wild Mushrooms dish. A mixture of wild mushrooms with sumac, pine, and ramps. The mushrooms individually had great earthy flavors, but it didn't come together as a whole for me. Hot Potato, cold potato, black truffle, butter...one of the winners of the night. Small wax bowl with a wire in it that has a potato sphere with a black truffle cap, a cube of butter, and a cube of something else. You pull the wire out so everything falls in and then take the whole bite. Wow, great bite. Lamb Loin with lamb jous reduction and barnaise along with mini potato spheres. There were 2 small lamb loin medallions topped with a slice of artichoke heart and 2 small asparagus tips. This sat on a crunchy, flaky disc. On the center and sides were the jous and sauce to dip in. Short Rib, olive, fermented garlic, fresh blackberry, smoked salt, white wine radish, tobacco agar...this is where those flags come in play. Make your own wrap with all this stuff. Also you get to make the holder for the tomato pasta and the engineer in me got happy. Black Truffle explosion. Winner! Single bit of ravioli with liquid truffle inside...that is all Octopus with eggplant mousse and soup. Also great, the mousse was awesome. Yuzu Snow. Palette cleanser. Sprayed yuzu mist over a super cold dish to create snow. You scrape to create a granita. Refreshing. Peach, jasmine, basil, balsamic, mozzarella cubes. Think caprese salad. Basil cubes and mozzarella ice cream were win. Lemongrass juice, dragonfruit, and herbs. A tube where you sucked down this refreshing liquid. Chocolate mousse, red pepper, bitter orange, banana rum brulee, and rum cake. The chefs came out to create this art on the table for us. The mousse was frozen in liquid nitro. Lots of fun to watch and eat! Servers were warm, funny, joked with us. It was awesome. They told us we were sitting at Zac Efron's table but were more fun. Our sommelier was passionate, knowledgeable, and talked like a motorboat. Running out of chars. So TRY IT!
