Let's be honest here...not a place I would normally pick to go out for dinner because of my bank roll status. Food-wise I can be pleased very easily and it's hard for me to shell out upwards of thirty dollars for an entree. BUT this past Sunday was an exception as my significant other had a friend in town visiting and wanted something a bit more upscale. I didn't get to take in the full ambiance of the indoors as we sat outside almost immediately - which was fine for a sunny evening. The outdoor seating was a bit noisy with fire trucks and ambulances buzzing about but great for people watching. Plenty of Porche, Ferrari and Lamborghinis zipping by and not to mention short skirts that would make your mother quiver in the busy atmosphere of the Gold Coast. That being said it was interesting setting for a guy who lives on the North side and doesn't frequent downtown too often. The menu was a great mix-up of from your normal cuisine (at least for me) being French Vietnamese. I liked the assortment of dishes that included vegetables, rices, seafood and assorted birds. I ordered up the Sup do bien: Bouillabaisse of coconut saffron lemongrass broth, lobster, mussels, shrimp, scallops, & whitefish, with vermicelli noodles & aromatic herbs. Very delicious but honestly not very filling. Hell, if I am going to an expensive place why not order the most expensive thing on the menu? A mistake on my behalf because a chicken, duck, or fish dish would have suited my palate (and stomach) a little better. So next time I won't stray too far away from what I am comfortable with. Overall of the three plates we ordered were spot on. Desserts were fresh and at seven bucks a pop it's a price I can tolerate. For me this is a place to drive across town for a nice evening out. The service was not abrasive but attentive and the food came out very quickly. I have to say I enjoyed myself thoroughly. So if you are looking for a twist on seafood or just after a feathered friend dish I would stop in. Plan on about 40-60 a person with dessert minus the drinks. Expensive and diverse but worth it.
