It's time to pen the paean my favorite restaurant on earth deserves. Everything about Gilt Bar is superlative from beginning to end.  The ambience and the decor alone would make this one of my favorite places in the city. Your eyes readjust as you enter; it's dimly lit with incandescent bulbs so that everyone looks dashing. Rustic wood tables and brick walls give it a modern but classic feel -- essentially the style every other River North restaurant goes overboard trying to achieve. The musical selection is packed with critically-acclaimed and well-selected indie rock.  The staff is excellent. Hostesses are accommodating even regarding last-minute changes, if you're polite. Bartenders are top-notch, some of the best in the city in my estimation. They can make any cocktail. The waitresses know the menu inside and out, as well as how to time things, and will remember you if you return. Actual humans providing service! The chefs are consistently good; I have ordered dozens of dishes and never sent one back.  The menu manages to be quite diverse and everyone always finds something that strikes a fancy. If you're adventurous start with the roasted bone marrow with red onion jam & coarse salt but beware: it's enough for 4. Personal favorites of mine include steak tartare with slow poached egg yolk, shallots & capers; orecchiette with spicy pork sausage & herbs; lake superior whitefish bouillabaisse with red pepper rouille & garlic toast. All excellent dishes. The pork belly is also quite good. Entrees are each distinctive and enjoyable. You must try the blackened cauliflower with pickled red onion, capers & chili. I don't even like cauliflower and this is my favorite side dish in the city. A close second is the oft-on-special former menu item: spence farms hand roasted iroquois white cornbread with charred scallions & goat butter. Just do it, for God's sake, man. Drink menu standouts are the Sazerac and the Aviation.  Wide beer and whisky selection as well. Plus $2 PBR and $4 table wine. Desserts succeed like excess. Try the carrot cake, or the berry trifle if it's on the menu, or any of the pies. But my personal favorite has to be the brownies and ice cream with hot fudge. Three scoops of decadent house-made ice cream over warm brownies topped with delicious chocolate sauce: if this doesn't make you into an optimist, nothing will.  If you treat your waitress well she'll treat you well. If you seem interesting she might suggest you have a drink downstairs at Curio following your meal. Enjoy your company and the music and feeling as if you're inside the lounge scene in "Inglourious Basterds." And your cocktails, as they're excellent.  Brendan Sodikoff is a gifted chef and restaurateur and Gilt is his magnum opus so far.  Thank you Brendan for sharing your passion with the world.
