Service from the bar to the table was EXCELLENT. The bartenders were chatting with us as we enjoyed our drinks. We were seated when our reservation was up and they were able to accommodate our request to sit by the window. The popcorn at the beginning of the meal was AMAZING. There were three of us there to celebrate and indeed we did. We decided not to go with the tasting menus and just ordered a la carte and split the items. We started with the tuna sashimi and and beef carpaccio. Both were really well balanced with only slightly overpowering by passion fruit of the tuna. Other than that, PERFECTION. Next was the pea bisque with the mint marshmallow. It was interesting, but a bit salty. I'm glad it was there to try, and we ate it all, but I don't think I'd order it again. The sea scallops came out at the same time. These were seared perfectly, but I found the combination of the almond with the scallop to be too heavy. The other people at the table enjoyed them both a lot. Then came the seafood. We went with the kajiki, halibut, and salmon. The kajiki was ever so slightly overcooked for me, but the flavors were spot on. The halibut and salmon were also great, but the kajiki was definitely the winner of the group. I would order any of them again though. The halibut and salmon were cooked to perfection. When we got to land, we went with the wagyu beef, the pork, and the lamb. Lamb really isn't my thing so I wasn't a fan, but the rest of the table really enjoyed it. The wagyu was MELT IN YOUR MOUTH. I could eat three plates of that myself. The pork was a little odd for me, though. It smelled really strongly of barbecue which is not a bad thing. The texture was a little strange for me but the flavor was good. Last but not least was dessert. We went with the strawberry sponge cake and the dark chocolate torte. The strawberry dessert was delicious and had a really pronounced strawberry flavor. The chocolate wasn't as great as I was hoping, and I think it's because it tasted like there was liquor in there.  Overall, the tab came to about $500 with gratuity and 2 bottles of wine. I would definitely come back here for another meal!
