This restaurant makes me wish I were Latin! Seriously... I'll admit that I was a tad bit skeptical about eating Colombian food. I mean, let's be honest, Colombia is a country known for Drug Trade (specifically Cocaine) , Guerrillas (not Gorillas), Dirty Politics, Human Trafficking and now... Skirt Steak! For you non-Spanish-speakers, "Las Tablas" is Spanish for "The Tablas" The ambiance of Las Tablas is very laid back with Latin music playing in the background. The lights are so dimmed that you almost need the candles to read your menu... It's a great place to come with a date! Pretty much everyone will look better with the lights this dark... so if you're not bringing your "A" game, or if you're trying to hide a zit, check it out! But seriously, eating in the dark is pretty cool... We started with a couple Arepas and a couple Empanadas... the Empanadas were so flavorful with the perfect blend of spices, so as not to overpower the dish. The Arepas were very traditional, unlike the sweet Arepas I have grown to enjoy. We also tossed back a few Colombian beers which were pretty tasty! I highly recommend the skirt steak entree, which I recall to be named "Entraa" which was recommended to us by our server. I know he is Colombian, but his accent bore a striking resemblance to that of the legendary Ricky Ricardo, "Lucy, you got some 'splainin to do! AH AH AHHHH!!!" But who knew Skirt Steak could be so doggone tasty! Pretty much all entrees are served with a side of Yuca (Not Yucca, like you put on your sunburns), Plantains (who doesn't love bananas?!?) and Potatoes. Whoever said that there is always room for dessert is a frickin' liar! Honestly, I wish I had saved room for dessert! Seeing as how I couldn't feel my toes, because all the food in my belly cut off blood circulation to my lower extremities. As far as drinks go, they have a BYOB that applies to Wine only, and they charge $8.00 on Thursday through Sunday... but Monday through Wednesdays corking is complimentary... I am eager to try their Sangria, per their website, it's "Famous" and who doesn't love Famous?!? At the end of the day I would recommend Las Tablas to anyone with an appetite for exotic and spicy foods! If you have a bland palette, this is not the place for you.  Las Tablas is great at accommodating large groups! There was a huge group (20+) of Emo/Hipster kids sitting next to us and each and everyone one of them had a smile on their faces! If more than 20 depressed Emo kids can have fun at Las Tablas, pretty much everyone will enjoy it!
