A friend and I were going to have a guy's night out. We, plus one more makes three, were going to dine on pork, oysters, pork, sweet breads, pork, pork and some more variation of pork. Apparently this place has a thing for pork. We lucked in to a reservation on http://Opentable.com for our reservation. May I suggest if you are going to eat, get a reservation. Don't quibble, don't give me a snarky quip at this suggestion. A seat at the bar is hard, sitting down for dinner can be harder. When I got in, the woman quoted the couple an hour to an hour and a half. Sucks to be them. Since one of our manly mates couldn't make it due to an emergency, a client of mine stepped in to take our place. She did a flawless job as we dove in to the fresh oysters on the half shell, three different kinds and all quite good. We did find the larger ones to be a little more packed full of flavor and yet all of them went down so well. The pork rinds were good, but the flavoring on them made me feel like I was eating something too processed and not anything more natural. If anything perhaps a dip of chimichurri might have made for a more interesting treat. Still not bad. The sweet breads were delicious and wonderful. Not gamey at all, but tender and filled with subtle flavor. The pork belly was the winner of the night, though I might suggest two if you like it. Or if you are like me, make sure to get one order for yourself. (well.... I will next time) The ham platter was good, though I think next time I might get all three, just for the comparison factor. The bolito misto, with it's trio of pork shoulder, sausage and chicken all roasted together in a deliciousness of triocitiness with roasted veggies... oh wait. Yes. We did have veggies. Though the frites were just meh and not all too exciting, the pickled selection was good and the cauliflower gratin was phenom. But when you pair ham and gruyere, any veggie can be good. The beer selection is amazing, but really, let's not forget about the wine. A lot of selection and many at a very reasonable price. I will say the food and time that was had by all, was a fun and a really great night and will be the reason why I will return. Our server was swamped and in the weeds most of the night, so I can't say our service was great. The place is loud and bright, so if you want a date place or a place to have a quiet night, yeah... you might want to move to the sister The Violet Hour instead. But if you want to hunker down, slap some pork in your belly and have a boisterous, fun filled food time, grab some good adventurous friends and a reservation and you will have a great time. Oh and have the pork digestivo at the end... it will help end the night just right.
