This place always reminds me of having my tongue ripped out. I suppose this has nothing to do with the music, or the drinks (the only whiskey sour ever worth purchasing. Froth, people!), but Joe E. Lewis. Google that shit. Anyways, I keep finding myself here more and more often. I have even come enough that the unfriendly doormen are not so rude anymore (or maybe I'm just used to it) and we only get hushed once a night or so. I've even got the cash or amex policy down, so I always arrive with at least 40 bucks (it always seems to cost that much. but once the whiskey starts coming, how can i stop?) This place is significantly better when you are lucky enough to snag a table and are at a show that allows talking. Quiet shows are great when you aren't with people to actually spend time with them, but don't plan on going to listen to jazz on a Monday and also catch up with a college friend. You will only look askance and bob your head together.  In terms of the best night, always look at the calendar before you go. Do not assume there will be jazz on Sunday; you will be at a poetry slam. Thursday is my favorite night; it's swing night (which sounds lame), but they have a great big band, old people lovingly dance and they have this shtick where an announcer pretends it is on radio broadcast like its 70 years ago and we're at the Aragon. Wednesday is fun too (Gypsy Jazz!) and some weekends they have some awesome special events. Music always goes late into the night. There is always a cover, so don't be that annoying in group in front of me who didn't know it'd cost $6-12 dollars to get in and then stand there debating for 5 minutes. Get over it. They have 3 beers on tap, and a full bar, but drinks are kind of pricey and tiny. I know I mentioned this, but the only drink to get here, save for straight whiskey, is a whiskey sour. I know, I know, the drink in general is an abomination of heaven's nectar, but it's really well executed here. They shake the shit out of it, yielding froth abound, it's more citrus than corn syrup, and the orange slice and cherry will occupy you when you feel awkward looking around, not knowing how to react to jazz you really don't get. psst, they have a parking lot no one seems to know about!
