Despite the first-world tragedy I endured in an effort to get reservations (see my first review for details), I did miraculously manage to secure a table for my party of four. The short version: It was whimsical. It was innovative. It was the best meal of my life. The long version: There is a moment of anxiety and excitement before dining at Alinea. You've heard the stories, or maybe you've read up on molecular gastronomy. Then you arrive and the doorman gestures toward a dark, Willy Wonka-esque hallway that gets more narrow with each step. You think you've hit a dead end when, seemingly out of nowhere, a door slides gracefully open. As you gaze upon the host's smiling face, you realize: that moment outside wasn't a moment after all. This feeling is going to last as long as your dining experience does. And so, it begins. Each course will come out, meticulously plated, with an experienced and friendly waiter right beside you, explaining how to eat what's been set forth in front of you. Without giving away too many specifics of the ever-changing menu, I will say you're likely to find yourself sucking up one course through a test tube, kissing another, eating one course without any hands, and another directly off the table. Intrigued? Then I'll continue! Should you choose to do wine pairings with each course, which I strongly recommend, the sommelier will pour you a smorgasbord of varietals, including a few you've probably never heard of before (ie: Zibibbo). With each pour, there will be an accompanying story about where the wine came from, and why the flavors within make it the perfect pairing. Overall: Grant Achatz's progressive style of cuisine is pure genius, and the experience is joyous and genuinely enchanting. For better or worse, I guarantee you will leave with a new perspective on the unbounded future of the culinary arts. I hope to someday return to Chicago and do it all over again! Counsel: "Like" Alinea's Facebook page for up-to-date information on when new reservations will be released, same-day dining options, and upcoming projects, such as their forthcoming collaboration with New York's Eleven Madison Park.
