During the sixties and into the late seventies a whole generation of liberal white Americans participated in numerous counter cultural movements including joining with Black and brown human rights activists and every day people to fight for justice from Selma Alabama to Vietnam . Today their children can be found standing in long lines at Hot Dougs. Hot Dougs is a right of passage and an usherance into a cultural club of American pop consumerism. I went there once along time ago with a friend from India who was studying American political culture during the 1960's and 70's and I felt bad when I could not explain why so many seemingly educated Chicagoans could make an event out of standing in a long line in the cold to eat greasy fries and designer nine dollar hot dog that taste similar to a polish suasage or bratwurst sold down the street for a a dollar ninety five. All I could say was out of Woodstock, mass consumerism based upon nostalgia for 1950's segregation replaced civic engagement for white liberals in the form of cultural phenomenas like Hot Dougs cause, you know the Elvis dog is just so like uhm totally rad. What's hilarious is that suburanites and tourist from Iowa call Hot Dougs "the quintessential Chicago experience" How ridiculous is that? Studs Terkel and Mike Royko would spit down from above if they heard this. So the moral of the story is, if you want the quintessential Chicago experience don't go to any place where consumer driven hipsters are standing in long lines. Real Chicagoans don't go to places like that for a hot dog. Also, Chicago isn't 98 percent white, which should be another dead give away with respect to authentic or quintessential, unless it's a Cubs game. Finally, any place with Maui chicken or "foie gras" in their hot dogs? Not real Chicago. And I doubt it's really "foie gras" because its banned in Chicago so I'd think PETA would be up in arms if a "politically correct" place like Hot Dougs broke that law. Well actually it would make sense for a politically correct place like Hot Dougs to brake an anti cruelty law because that's what they do for a buck. Now if you wanna the best Polish in Chicago, go to Sam's Red Hots on the Armitage, just remember no one has ever died from eating there and the Latin Kings and Insane Unknowns on the corner are far more entertaining than jabbering hipsters with captions over their heads that read "Empty"
