Light sleepers and those who like to sleep-in beware! The doors and bathroom walls are pretty thin. I woke up at 7AM to the shower noise upstairs which sounded like a giant sprinkler system. I ended up closing my bathroom door to muffle some of the sound. Woke up at again around 9AM after a family was talking outside my door. Woke up again around 10AM to someone shuffling plastic bags. Sigh. Bring ear plugs. Just walking down the hall you can also hear people in the room talking. The doors might as well be made out of paper. Not no great things about the hotel: - soundproofing - 2 tiny elevators. Each can fit 6 people like sardines or 2-3 people with luggage. Staying on the 5th floor, I ended up taking the stairs for most of the trip - stairs are located on the 2nd floor. - the Audi car service is never able when you need it. For a 2 mile radius of travel, I can probably walk the distance in the time I'm waiting for the car. - toilet paper was a little over a full arm lengths away at an awkward distance. I ended up taking it off of its holder and putting it on the bath tub instead. - TV's sound goes in and out every now and then And the great: + Check out is at 2PM!! + good location near Michigan Ave, Trader Joes across the street, Walgreens another block down, and a small movie theater a block away. Then again, there are other hotels to choose from in this area too like Four Points by Sheraton across the street. + nice spacious one bedroom apts + nice shampoo and conditioner that makes lots of promises like non frizzy, volumizing, moisturizing, color protection, gluten free, etc + free wifi + brownie and cookie treats for turn-down service. + free water in the bedroom which is basically filtered tap water. I can't get over the taste of tap water in Chicago, but with a lot of ice it tastes great. There's a ice machine on the 4th floor. + comfortable couch + soft bed that just eats you up. I have to add another star JUST for the bed. Otherwise I would rate the James hotel 3 stars.. but after I stayed the following week at a Hyatt, then a Marriott, then at home, I HAVE to agree that James hotel has the most comfortable bed of all hotels. All-in-all, not bad, but I don't think I'll be back. I don't want to deal with the small elevator and the thin doors/walls. There are plenty of other hotels to choose from at the same price point.
