My expectation going into this meal was that it would be one of the better meals of my life. I know these are hard expectations to meet, and maybe that's why the restaurant came up short.  We each ordered the 8 courses (and the extra duck dish)... please excuse my simple desciptions, as I'm going on memory from last night.  #1 - Quail "buffalo wing" served over a curry infused broth. Solid start, although the texture of the wing was a little strange, but I was slurping the broth after the wing had been eaten. #2 - Salmon, served over some sort of green sauce/emulsion. It was decent enough. Personally, I hate salmon so I was disappointed that this was on the menu (it's supposed to be an ocean trout). But the fish itself was cooked perfectly, but it still tasted like salmon. #3 - The clear winner was dish #3, the motoyaki, which was a concoction of crab and scallops with a cheese topping that was served in a seashell. Very rich and very good. Honestly, I thought every dish from here on out was going to be as good.    #4 - A "loaded baked potato". There was a streak of sauce made from creme freshe which was great. The dish should have had more of that sauce and it would have been great. As it was, it was a simple dish that I didn't expect to see on this menu.  #5 - Duck duck goose. Duck breast, fois gras, duck confit with a fig sauce. Breast was great. FG was rich and tasted of typical FG (not really a fan). And the confit was above average. The fig sauce was great and necessary to infuse some excitement into the dish.  #6 - Pork, 2 ways; a slice of tenderloin and a cube of pork belly served with mushrooms and green peas over a broth made from green tea. Probably the biggest disappoint of the meal, considering this was the main source of protein. It was a completely ordinary dish. Only the broth contained the slightest bit of creativity. The dish wasn't bad, but "wasn't bad" isn't what this place is looking for.   #7 - Some sort of panko breaded steak. Now that I think about it, maybe this was the most disappointing dish. The breading masked how little meat there was in the dish. There were two "cakes" which consisted of more breading and tasted pretty good. However, I thought both the meat and the side tasted the same. There should have been something in that side to curb the dryness associated with eating scoopfuls of panko breadcrumbs.   #8 - Reverse cheese and crackers. I can't remember anything about this dish other than the fact that it was completely ordinary and mediocre.  #9 - Chocolate 8 ways, which consists of bite size desserts, each having a hint of chocolate. Half were good, the other half were just okay, but this was a good way to describe the entirety of the meal.     Overall, I'm glad I went. It was a small space and the service was good. I really wanted to like it a lot more than I did. With tip, the bill came out to $250 for two people, not including the bottle of wine we had brought ($40).  I'll most likely never eat at Charlie Trotter's or Alinea, and I thought this would be a cheaper version of the meals served at those restaurants. I want to try different food and taste what the makes a creative chef really stand out... nonetheless, when I'm spending $150 per person, my best and most satisfying experiences tend to be at Ruth's Chris or Mastro's or other similar steakhouses that require no culinary skill.
