This will be the condensed version of my pal David W.'s review because he beat me to the punch, I will be giving my thoughful insight along with some of the random points in the night that were not yet mentioned in his Yelp. The three of us arrived and were greeted by a friendly server who promptly took our belongings to store and told us to wait in the lounge. The lounge is a narrow space adorned with a variety of modern art which leads to what looks like a fun upstairs private dining room, the kitchen or the main dining area. We were seating soon after coming into the lobby and I speak for all of us when I say we had the best table in the house. We were against a window so there was not a lot of people traffic yet we faced the whole of the dining room. A table next to us probably contained one of the better pleasantries of the night aka 2 latin PYTs and I'd give all of my 4 stars to them even if the food was terrible - which it was quite the opposite. We all did beer pairings with our pre fixe 3 course meals and enjoyed great conversation all around. Our waiter was friendly and impressively knowledgable about the cuisine and drinks, I mistook him for the manager at first. Now onto some of the small details that made this an exceptional experience. The staff, to me, went above and beyond. Our waiter was impressive. Whenever I left to use the restroom (we were there for 3.5 hours) a new, neatly folded and nicely starched napkin was left on the table - every time. When my main course was served, the waiter plated the venison for me after taking it out of a choco crust on a tray, tableside, and as he handed me my dish both of my friends were handed theirs at the same time by waiters who came out of nowhere. After we finished our deserts there were more waitstaff who brought us complimentary chocolates and other assorted sweets. This was a nice touch and we were able to try almost all of the assortment. Overall this was the nicest restaurant I've ever been to.. now I just gotta bring the girlfriend next
