This place was such a bummer! Maybe we came here on a bad night - I've heard such good things about it but it was just a total fail for us. We came early on a Friday and were whisked away to the multi level room in the back near the kitchen. The waiter quickly took our drink order - so I hadn't even decided what I wanted to eat before I had to decide on the type of wine. I hate that so much. Give me a chance to open the menu! When I asked him to come back at a later point, he said that I needed to order our drinks first. We started with the calamari since it was on special. Holy chewy city, Batman. I almost sent this back it was so bad. Either it had been sitting out for a while or the cook is an idiot. We also ordered some skordalia - it was really pretty good but being nickel and dimed by ordering the pita separately is :( My SO ordered the keftedes (beef/lamb meatballs). I ordered the arni fournou (lamb and potatoes). I clearly ordered the better meal, but nonetheless everything was way over salted - probably to account for the otherwise bland food. Our food came out so fast that I really had to wonder... I am sure that our food wasn't as fresh as the vegetables/meat/herbs out for display throughout the room. We ordered dessert - our waiter had a tough time telling us which items had walnuts and which didn't. Awesome! Food allergies are the reason we don't go back to places like this. Speaking of our waiters - I was really uncomfortable here. The waiters were TOO efficient and rushed us beyond belief. They cleared out our plates before we were done eating - my SO even protested that they not take his plate away because he wasn't done yet and they told him he didn't need a plate to finish. The guy that fills up the water came too frequently - one time he actually reached over my plate and my arms as I was cutting my lamb to refill 2 sips of water. I found the servers to be very pushy. Coincidence to the lack of women on the wait staff? Who knows. Either way, the service was really unprofessional and I doubt I'll even go back to see what the hype is about.
