I agree with my friend Roy I went with on a few things mentioned by him. I don't want to start with a little story before we all went and how much drama was involved to plan this evening. There was so much hype between us ever since our drive home from tango Sur when we saw the restaurant. In the end im glad it worked out. More importantly let's critique the ambiance, food, and service. I liked the outside decorations and paintings except for the lady with her legs spread eagle and cigar in her mouth. I know it's typical cuban but something's should stay on the tobacco field. Cmon were trying to whet peoples appitites here. The giant tv I also thought was distracting and not the best material to show if children were there. You know how guys are when they come in front of a tv especially with scantily clad women shaking their booty around. I think the noise level was really high. I think the tent acoustics make it worse. The birthday parties with the buzzy crowd didn't help either. I just really really hate when I have shout to be heard just right across the table and lean over across the table to hear what my compadres are trying to say. Maybe a live band playing old Cuban sons would submit the crowd a bit. Ok onto the food. I needed a plantain fix so we ordered tostones rellenos and the croquetas. I really liked the juicy stuffing in the tostones. The croquetas seemed defrosted. For the entree i was in the mood for some slow roasted pork. I ordered the lechon which I enjoyed. Most parts of it were tender but there were some parts that were touch and blocky. But the flavoring was exceptional. The rice was a little disappointing because it was a little hard and undercooked. I had to put on the black bean in excess to attempt to soften the rice. The desserts were ok. The vanilla flan was way too sweet and the vanilla flavoring was unnatural. I did enjoy the coconut flan my friend ordered. The service was very good. Our waitress was a bubbly and informative. When I asked her about the pork she was ready to answer and I got the response I was looking for. Very friendly and conversational as I remember. She was really cool to let us move tables because we originally had the table, with the classic singer sowing machine, right in front of the tv. She moved us to the table right of the tv which was nice because it was a little more quiet there. I'd suggest to keep her as long as you can. You don't find that quality very often. I'd also like to comment on that statue in the house facing the street. I think it started when I heard my friend reel, shutter, and shriek in terror. Watching his expression was either like watching a deer in front of headlights before it got run over by a truck or watching a horror movie where a character knows he gonna get stabbed or something. That was more scarier than when I actually saw the statue. I did jump a little too though... Yikes. Way to settle the food in my stomach. My poor friend. And don't worry about paying for his cleaners bill. His wife is a manager at a very notable dry cleaning company. I would give this place another chance maybe at the other location. I was thinking of taking my friend and his Argentinian girlfriend. This was a trial to see if it was an appropriate place to take from guests from out of town. We shall see.
