I made plans to go here about a month in advanced. One would think that this would be good planning but really considering it was pretty much right after spending a few wonderful days in Cabo, it might have been better to wait a little longer. I went for lunch on a Saturday and as if Xoco was calling me, I was up at 7am that day. That or my roommate was not home and didn't turn his alarm off and the paper thin walls did the rest of the work.  I arrived and the line was out the door. Thankfully the other people I went with were already there and I got to cut about 10 people. We waited outside for a few minutes and unfortunately the line gets absolutely no sunlight so it was colder than it seems. We finally made it inside the first set of doors and I guess the hunger causes people to not think rationally as the people behind us all kept the door open even after the lady that worked there told them they could close it. She was nice enough to give us menus so we could be as efficient as possible in ordering. The menus basically made we want one of everything though, so I spent the next 30 minutes in line drooling and reading what farms the food they serve came from.  We got to the front of the line and I had my order all set to go. We had to wait to order until a table was open though, but the cashier got us our drinks while we waited. I made a rather large order of the woodland mushroom torta, an almendrado hot chocolate, chips and guac, and an apple/pear muffin that seemed to talk to me and explain why it would be better than the hazel nut chocolate cookie sitting next to it.  As we waited for our food, I passed the time by burning my mouth and tongue with the almendrado. Despite my order, I don't really have a sweet tooth, but the almendrado was pretty good. It was super almondy and towards the end it got a little over powering but it was still good. My friend had hyped the hot chocolate here and so I just had to try it. She said the Barcelona one she had from here was the 2nd best she has ever tried. I guess that is on the list the next time I visit.  The chips and guac came out first and it immediately reminded me of my awesome trip. The chips were fried up right there and super fresh. They had a hint of lime and the guac was super tasty with some red peppers in it.  Then the tortas came out. The woodland mushroom was spectacular. The bread was crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. There was a layer of black beans, then a huge layer of mushrooms, followed by some arugula and topped with a good helping of goat cheese. The arugula and goat cheese are spectacular together and the mushroom medley was out of this world. It was some combination of mushrooms, roasted garlic and just the right amount of spices. The crispness of the bread makes eating this torta neatly almost impossible. Unfortunately the silverware is up by where you put in your order and with all the drooling I was doing, I didn't see it until it was too late.  After housing the torta, I went on to the muffin. It was actually really good, not too sweet and bursting with locally grown organic apples and pears. After eating enough for two people, I was good. I even decided against my plan of hitting up Art of Pizza after for a slice since I was in the neighborhood. I don't turn down pizza often either!
