I may be about as picky of a person as they come in terms of food choices. Having said that, I find it only fitting that I give this authentic mexican establishment five stars. It has that 'something' quality that makes me wanting to go back. I'll start with the pros:1. Out of this world Margaritas - hands down. Every time I come to this friendly neighborhood eatery and order a Margarita, I end up leaving loaded (even on just one). Mayan's Margaritas make others seem synthetic. Try the Patron - the next day, you'll be glad you did.2. Robust Salsa. Practically considering salsa a food staple, Mayan's salsa not only delivers on its freshly made taste - it definitely has some serious zing. Not to mention, the excellent servers refill your table's chips and salsa constantly. 3. Seating. As I have lived around the block from Mayan for the past two years, we're always greeted with friendly servers or the owner and seated shortly thereafter. I only have had to wait once in the small bar area for about 10-15 minutes and have rarely made a reservation. There have been numerous occasions we have not made reservations and called on a whim to see if they have seating and they always will tell us to come over. I have never been disappointed whether I've arrived with one person or 5.4.Service. As aforementioned, I am a picky one to please. Nothing will make me more aggravated or turned off from a restaurant than their service. I do not go to work every day and half a$$ my job, so I expect the same general standard when it comes to restaurant service. Mayan seems to be family operated and everyone pitches in to make their customers feel welcomed, re-filled, and pleased. In addition, I have never had a problem making a substitution on a dish (or omitting cheese). Did I mention reasonably quick service?5. Fish/Shrimp Tacos. AMAZING. Corn tortilla, crunchy cabbage, mahi mahi or shrimp (have had both), pico de gallo, avocado. MMMM. They are that good. I always go in with the intent of trying something new on the menu, but more often than not, I choose the tacos.6. Ceviche. Shrimp/scallop/pico de gallo, avocado, lime juice. Delicious. Served with saltines, but awesome with tortilla chips and great for sharing with friends.7. Junior burrito, shrimp fajitas, tortilla soup, combination plates - all delicious - I don't have one bone to pick with the menu at Mayan. Also, the items are not laden with grease, covered in cheese so you can't see what you actually ordered, or dripping in oil as many mexican restaurants serve their food.I do not have any 'make it or break it' cons. The only thing was: the last time we were there, these obnoxious girls were practically yelling as they were talking to one another in the table directly next to us. We could hear more of their conversation than we needed to - luckily we were on our way out shortly thereafter. It seems to be much louder and compact in the front of the restaurant, but Mayan does offer a back room. Actually, the back room gets pretty rowdy, too. I think that's just an effect of the tequila. Overall, I consider this place to meet my criteria on taste, service, and value. Something keeps me going back whether weekend or weekday no matter which companions are in tow.
