CASH ONLY!!! Don't wait in line and then realize you can't pay with a credit card! I came on a sunny but very chilly Saturday with 3 other people...and waited in line outside for 1.5 hours for a hot dog!!! We were waiting at such an awkward time too - after lunch and before dinner - and it was still so busy.  We got there about 45 minutes before "closing time" -- but if you are standing in line before closing time, then you can still wait your little heart out until you finally get inside. So they don't just close the doors on you just because you didn't make it in. We weren't sure about this, so when we asked everyone around us - everyone else also seemed to be first timers also! Where are all the regulars? They were probably smart enough to come at other times when they don't have to wait so long! So...I spent $28 dollars on HOT DOGS. Seriously! My bf and I ordered two hot dogs each (so three specialty dogs and one regular), a soda, and the delicious duck fat frites. And our friends also each ordered two hot dogs each - so we split ALL the hot dogs so we could really try the variety of everything. Was it worth the wait? Not in my opinion. But it was fun trying these crazy types of hot dogs, but when it came down to it - I liked the "regular" hot dog a whole lot better than any of the other specialty hot dogs. And these are definitely very filling - very surprisingly, we were all STUFFED after eating our own share of 2 hot dogs and the fries - and I'm talking about 3 big guys who can eat plus myself. Would I come again? Well...maybe - but not if I had to wait. The duck fat frites are definitely the best part - so come on a Friday or Saturday. But I'm really glad I came - there is so much hype about this place that I just had to try it for myself.  Plus the owner himself, Doug! is at the front counter - he is SO NICE and SO very helpful. Plus he does all the cashier calculations in his head! I'm happy his business is successful because he just seems like such a nice guy.
