This place is running in tip top shape after 1 1/2 months. That tells you something about the crew that is running it. Now, I'll admit it, there was a bit too much facial hair and way too much of the retro denim. That's a personal preference. But the food. That's taste. And wow, does it taste good. We sampled the olives, duck rillette and rabbit pate to start. I'm a sucker for rillette. It's almost impossible for me to pass it up. Longman's version is very good. I hate to be a complete food snob, but it was -slightly- grainy on the roof of my mouth. The original portion of mustard that came along with the dish wasn't nearly enough and the waiter gladly brought a heaping teaspoon of it to the table. Rabbit pate was absolutely delicious. Any olive is a good olive.  Longman's were fine. Our waiter removed our appetizer plates and took great care to not only take our dirty silverware but return clean, fresh silverware. He was kind, patient and an excellent waiter. The entire service team seemd to know what they were doing and where they should be. It was early so it was still a bit loose, but I have a sneaking suspicion these cats can turn and burn. Two thumbs up and a 22% tip for you, Mr. Waiter! I had the wild boar sloppy joe and ordered the kobe meatballs. My dining partner had the scallops. The sloppy joe was great. It was perfectly spicy and tasted nothing of barbecue sauce or smoke or nasty canned tomato product. You can actually taste the meat, and although with that much spice you're inevitably going to lose some of the more subtle notes of the meat, this still tasted really good. Cooked to perfection. The scallops looked like scallops, smelled like scallops and were reported to have been cooked perfectly. I only tried the beef and gnocchi portion. It tasted wonderful without the scallop (I didn't try those), but it seems like a flavor combination that I wouldn't probably order. Preference, no. Taste, oh yes. The kobe meatballs were not my favorite. I love polenta and I love parsley. Cheesy, saucy thing? Check. Love. Together with kobe beef? Not so much. The kobe is lost with the accoutrements, though. I loved how the meat tasted in the one meatball that wasn't emerged in the parsley, oil, cheese mix-up. It wasn't for me, but I certainly admire the effort. The flavors were all there, they just didn't seem to work together. Preference, no. Taste? Unbelievably yes. Find a simpler delivery method for the meatball and I'll order it again. Or, I'll just ask for them plain. The price on the three meatballs I got was pretty cheap. As for the place itself, it looks fantastic.  The bar stools are backless with coat hooks underneath the bar. That's pretty smart thinking, considering that the train station is across the street and a lot of the walk in traffic is going to be lugging big ugly coats around all winter. They're very handsome bar stools, too. There is wood is on the ceiling, which looks great and the lines of the tables and the environment work together very well. There are two rooms, and even though the back room doesn't flow from the front room, it still works. It is a bar, though, and the bathroom doors are conspicuous.  I'm almost certainly coming back, probably very soon. Hopefully on a Friday night when I sample a few more of the beverages. Job well done, Longman. I look forward to our dining relationship.
