When the guy at the counter changes the radio station because he overhears that someone doesn't like the song -- you know you're in a people-pleasing kind of joint. And that, is most definitely what Crisp is. Eight of us flooded the joint, among the other people in the restaurant, scouring the menus to find the perfect fried chicken option. George and I noticed as we approached the counter that the gigantic flat screen TV up front was listing meal options, so we immediately opted for the meal deals, but look quick! For the picture changes pretty rapidly. Feeling like a professional, I walked up to the counter and ordered the Funke #2 (or was it 3) -- Five Chicken Wings (your choice of flavor/sauce) with the house-made potato salad and coleslaw. I opted for the Buffalo Bud's because I'm a whore for Buffalo-style chicken, and I got it "spicy" -- the middle option of the spicy scale at Crisp. The guy at the counter suggested I order the fries, because the potato salad is COLD, so I agreed and got the fries. The food came out incredibly fast, and as Mike looked on, I bit into the chicken wing. It was spicy, more spicy than I was expecting, but interestingly, the spice wore off. Each wing after that that I ate just wasn't as spicy as that first one -- did I adjust? Was it just the initial shock of spice? Either way, after that, it just wasn't the same. As oft-readers of Chavi know, I'm also a whore for coleslaw, and I usually gauge a restaurant by how well they can make a batch of coleslaw. I was expecting some alternate type of slaw, perhaps with an Asian flare or something, so when I got the coleslaw -- which, mind you, is completely pureed -- I was pretty disappointed. It had a good taste, it was your typical, basic coleslaw, but the lack of creativity and the fact that it was PUREED completely grossed me out. Coleslaw is meant to have a certain texture, and that is not one of puree. This, folks, is the result of a loss of a half star. As far as the fries, well, they were your basic, greasy stringy fries. Nothing special, nothing unique. I know it's an Asian fried chicken joint, but I was expecting a dash of something. This, of course, is the result of the loss of another half star. So I'm dishing out four stars, because the chicken -- the tour de force -- was really amazing, spicy or not. The joint is clean and crisp (har har har) and the staff was super friendly and amusing, not to mention that they listen to their customer's every want and need. And the fact that the guy at the counter told one of our gals that he couldn't -- in good conscious give her ranch with her chicken wings -- is a good man in my book. So head to crisp and getcher cluck on!
