Short version: Mastro's highlights are the live piano bar, extremely high-end yet un-snooty service, and is great for a group since the huge portions beg to be shared. Four of us went last night, 6/19. They have valet. The place is beautiful, great location right on the corner, and is quite huge. They offer a great bar area, some private group rooms, the bathrooms are lovely, clean, and attended to. The table's are over-sized (with good reason) and quite comfy.  The noise level is a bit high; mainly just people talking, it was sometimes hard to converse at the table. The music is not overpowering and the live piano man played some Billy Joel, other classics, and as we were leaving, John Lennon's "Imagine" So, I was a fan. The service was ridiculously high-end. But at the same time, the servers had a level of kindness and humor; it was in no way snooty or condescending. Any mistake or request was taken care of. And it was my sister's birthday, they were nice enough to get her a free chocolate cake with "Happy Birthday" piped onto the plate and my Dad got "Happy Father's Day" with the Butter cake. GET THE BUTTER CAKE! It is awesome! Warm, crusty and gooey, with cold vanilla ice cream.  Here's the trick with Mastro's though. The food is good, but the prices are so high because of it's other attributes. If you're looking for unique food, this is not the place for you.  The drinks were lovely, my sister got a Martini called Sandman that had orange and jalenpeno - it was strong and had a kick and they leave the shaker - it's really like 3 drinks. Our wine was nice, light and fruity.  We started with lobster cocktail - a whole lobster split on a bed of ice with 3 sauces. And tuna tar tar, served Asian style with avocado and bits of crisp won-tons.  3 of us got steak, our 4th got the sea bass - they were all very tasty, cooked well and out plates were boiling lava hot! Sides were lobster mashed potatoes, with huge pieces of lobster on top, floating in butter; gorgonzola mac n cheese which had good flavor, not very gooey though; and pan-seared brussel sprouts which were very tender.  The food was good, but overpriced. Your money goes more towards the portion/presentation, the great service, and the lovely experience.   There was a range of people there from large groups to a small family with kids, to couples out on a date.
