I was really torn on this review, and frankly I think 3.5 stars would be just about right for this first visit. But alas, as many people have pointed out, we can't award half stars, so I'm going to err on the side of generosity in this instance, and I'll tell you why... Big Jones is a nice place. It's kind of pretty, though the decor is odd, a mix of contemporary and ersatz antique that never quite meshed for me. The staff was friendly, attentive and helpful, but the kitchen was slower than the seven year itch in spite of the restaurant being not even 25% full when we were there. And in spite of there being a lot of available tables, we ended up being seated between two other parties so that I, at least, was always aware of what was being eaten or said on either side of us. The gumbo was fine. It wasn't either spectacular or terrible; it had a nice spice to it, and the andouille sausage was tasty. But it was too salty for my taste. The pork belly was excellent, the shrimp with cheese grits and tasso ham gravy was good, but not compelling enough to make me clean my plate. What was compelling was the bread pudding, which was remarkably good, with a touch of satsuma liqueur. The pudding itself was finely textured, more like cake than bread, and it did make me clean my plate. I was thrilled to see an Abita beer (Turbodog) on the menu, but only the one, which I thought was a shame. I don't drink sweet tea, but two of the three glasses brought to the table were pronounced excellent. The third needed stirring, and my southern friends rolled their eyes a bit over that. Personally, I found the tension between down home and upscale sort of problematic. When you think of good Cajun food you don't think about getting a big white plate with a couple of morsels of food the waiter has to explain. I don't really want to hear words like "reduction" or "confit" about what's lying there in front of me because Cajun food isn't frou-frou, it isn't refined. It's the stuff that you could just as easily order at a roadside stand as in a fancy restaurant. And no, there's nothing wrong with taking it up a few notches, but it doesn't pay to forget where this food comes from. What won the fourth full star? In the words of the executive chef and co-owner: "I do what I do because I want to see nutrition, sustainability, and humane treatment of farm animals become the standard by which we judge food - not cheap price, industrial consistency, or marketing dollars spent. We can all eat better by treating the land and our animal friends better." And that, my friends, is worth a lot to me.  So yeah, I'm a fan. I'm not a mad, proselytizing fan, but I am a fan nonetheless. If they could reconcile some of the conflicting notes and get the kitchen moving a little faster, this place would really be a winner.
