Yay! I am back. Yes, I know it has been a long time since I have written a review so I may be a bit rusty but let me tell you, Glenn's Diner is a great place to renew my yelping. So last night, I went out with some friends to celebrate the birthday's of John and Frances. Happy Birthday you two! For those of you that do not know John and Frances, feel free to post a happy birthday comment. Now back to the story. So, reservations were made for 6:30 on Saturday. A couple of things you need to know if you make a reservation. First, the reservation is only kept of 15 minutes before you lose it. Second, they will only seat you once your entire party arrives. Now you may be concerned, but if you are going to visit, your party is 4 or less, and you don't have a reservation don't worry. It never seemed people had to wait for very long to get seated. Even when we arrived the place was full but as people were being seated, others were getting up. This was a good thing since the restaurant does not have much room for waiting. They have filled it full with tables. There is a sidewalk patio, however it rained when we were there and so it was not being used. Well, really who wants to be eating outside in this winter weather, especially when it is raining? Definitely not me! And seriously, when is summer actually going to show up for good? I am really tempted to use as many fossil fuels and fluorocarbons as possible to usher in global warming just to stay warm. As we arrived and were waiting for the rest of our party, we were greeted by many staff who offered to take drink orders. In addition to the traditional soft drinks, they have wine, a good selection of beer, and they make limited mixed drinks. I ordered a Bloody Mary. Usually, I do not order that drink because I have found few places that can make it as well as I do at home but last night, I was feeling a bit adventurous. I was not disappointed. It was simply good. The balance of mix to alcohol was near perfect. The glass was rimmed, just right, with celery salt. And to top it off, there were plenty of accouterments which included a spear of 5 peeled shrimp. Once we were seated we were promptly waited upon by our server. She was enthusiastic, fun, and managed our table well. She made sure that those that did not already have drinks got theirs. Then she took our appetizer orders. Once she put those in, she came back and took our dinner orders. When she returned again, (within moments of leaving our table to submit our dinner order) she had our salads in hand. As were were finishing the salads (I recommend the buttermilk Parmesan dressing) she was bringing out our appetizers. We ordered the Shrimp Cargo, which was very yummy. Think Escargot, but replace the snails with shrimp. We also ordered the calamari. Now, it needs to be said that we were not overly convinced of the calamari as we were deciding but our server described in such a way that we all felt compelled to try it. Let me tell you, as much as the shrimp cargo was good, this was fantastic! It is cut fresh, hand-battered, and pan fried. There were no rings or tentacles served. It was cut in strips and was so so tender. The sauce was a perfect tangy compliment. To be honest, if I was a glutton, I would have just ordered that appetizer over and over again for dinner until I could eat no more. In terms of size, the shrimp cargo is perfect for 5 people but the calamari could easily accommodate twice as many at a table. For dinner you have two choices. You can order from the menu which includes traditional breakfast and diner items or you can order off the chalk boards that cover the walls. The chalk board lists all the seafood options that Glenn's offers. Come in knowing that you are going to have difficulty choosing. Upon a first visit, there were 7 dishes that I struggled to choose as my first dish at Glenn's. I asked our server to help me decide. Her descriptions of each only made it harder to choose one over the other. My mouth was watering as she talked about each dish in detail. As I write this, I am tempted to just stop now and go back...but I will suffer on for you, the reader. I chose the New Orleans BBQ Shrimp entree. It was not typical BBQ but rather a nice blend of spices that coated each shrimp. It was served with a mound of rice and two crunchy pieces of toast. Though I am sure it was designed to specifically be a comfort food, but I can tell you that as I ate it the world was in a state of perfect harmony and I struggled to join the conversations floating around the table. All I wanted to do was spend those precious moments reveling in the tasty party that was occurring with each bite. Ahh, the joy! After dinner, our server came back to see if we wanted to partake in dessert. They offer Hoosier Mama Pie Company pies. However, we had desert waiting at home, so I will have to try again next time. All I can say is that this place was a true delight. Enjoy!
