This was not an intoxicating experience, so will someone please explain to me why I woke up feeling like I have a hangover. Someone in our party of four, yelled across the table after an hour of various girly cheers were lofted from the bar, 'why would anyone have their bachelorette party here?' This is grand in scale but it's not lux, IMHO! The food is acceptable but when we paraded past the many various food stations and were witness to the plates in various stages of prep-work, I should have known better. I allowed myself a burger and was highly disappointed. Come on people. The cheddar cheese slice was so thin that it was transparent and lacked flavor as did the bacon, and I LOVE BACON. When I allow myself the treat of a burger I expect taste. I ended up slathering on mustard and mayo. Some may consider that a sacrilege to a burger but I had to taste something. Who knows how long the burger and fries sat at a prep station but that's probably why the fries were inedible. You know they're bad, if I don't eat the fries. Did I eat the burger, yes. It was A-OK but it wasn't wow and I didn't think a tasty Angus burger with cheddar cheese and bacon is too much to ask for from a chain restaurant but it is. My friends were pleased with their salmon three ways (great portion size and flavor match-ups); veal and chicken dishes were massive in portion size and they cleaned their plates, so maybe I'm just too picky. Seriously, this place is LOUD. The floor is slick. I was amazed that no one fell and cracked their @$$ on that slippery floor. Service - I met the bottom of my water glass early in the meal after polishing off my Berry Fizz (non-alcohol drink). My water was NEVER refilled nor was I asked if I wanted another Berry drink. 3 of the 4 ordered the desserts before dinner and after our dinner plates were cleared, I had to ask twice for a dessert menu so that I could order. Desserts are delicious to a touch over-done. Their banana bread with chocolate chips and sauce is served with whipped cream. Save the chocolate for another dessert folks and heat this one up and serve with a scoop of ice cream and carmel sauce and you've got a home run. Apple pie a huge plate full and a lovely presentation and the Beignets are fried fresh, airy and covered in powered sugha served with three dipping sauces. A-ok but nothing overly spectacular. It was a fun evening because it was spent with dear friends enjoying Chicago. I can only recommend going to Grand Lux if you've got a large party of people who can't decide what they want and need a vast menu
