With its 125 reviews already, I'm not sure I can add much of anything, but I knew I had to save my 200th review for a special place, so here it goes... I took my boyfriend here last night as a surprise gift for his birthday and a celebration of his landing a new job.  I think the surprise was well received :) Although I'm hesitant to put it this way, I will anyway: Alinea might be compared to a really mind blowing one night stand on some exotic vacation. Ok I've never had a one night stand, let alone anywhere exotic. But here's what I mean- its a marathon of indulgence, its an experience like you've never had before - one that might make you feel like no other restaurant will be able to excite you in the same way. And yet there's a good chance you won't feel the need to experience it again. Ok maybe that analogy is a complete stretch. I was afraid that the high expectations set by the 125 other reviews here left room only for at least some disappointment. But it truly was worth every penny and every second of that 4 and a half hours (for the 24 courses)- its an experience that I'll never forget. Every part of it was crafted to perfection- including the name! The service is impeccable. There is no hint of snootiness here. The sommelier made excellent suggestions (even on the low end of the price spectrum). I had my doubts, but you really will not feel the 4-5 hours go by- Alinea keeps you entertained with each dish that comes out to you, not one on a plain old dinner plate.  Some suggestions. First, if I did it over again, I might lay off the wine. There is so much going on with the food - I understand that they have wine pairings to bring out the flavors (we didn't end up doing that but ordered by the half/full bottle instead), but I didn't think it was necessary in the end. On top of that, be aware that much of the food is very rich, and if you're not used to eating the kinds of things on the menu, your stomach might be unhappy with you (I can't fault Alinea for this, but I'm still fighting off a bit of nausea). So if you're a novice like me, its probably better to stick with 12 courses, at least for your first time. (I just figured it was now or never for trying a 24 course meal!) I'm not going to say I loved every dish or would crave anything in particular again- most of it was too intense for more than the little servings provided. But some of the highlights to me: the Yuba, Hot Potato, Fava Beans (a bit overwhelming), Chicken Skin (I think- now the dishes are getting mixed up in my head!), and Ice Fish. I'll have to go back and look at the commemorative menu because the online menu looks different than what we had. (I sort of feel like we should have earned a disploma too!) If you have the means, this is something you really must do in Chicago- there are probably not too many things in this city that can boast being one of the best in the world!
