Came here with a group of 4 on a Friday night with a reservation. Had one of the other three individuals rated this place, it likely would have gotten a 1 star review, but I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt based on one previously positive take-out experience. Were it not for the awesome Sambussa's (the spicy Vegetarian is by far the best item on the menu), the food could easily have been rated as 'bad.' Unfortunately for Demera, what Ras Dashen (literally a mile north) does well, Demera is particularly weak- as a result our business will be directed to Ras Dashen instead. We ordered a four person messob with various dishes that came to be the chefs choice for the most part. Having told our server that we were new to eating at Demera, the initially friendly waitress nodded and went about getting our drinks. Upon returning 30 minutes later with our food, the platter was set before us, the waitress came by to check on drinks, and at no time was there any explanation about what was in front of us. We all waited as she literally stood at the end of the table, looked at our drink glasses, waited for an explanation, and then she walked away without saying a word. As a result, we were left to guess until she came around 20 minutes later to explain what we had been eating. So, what were we eating? Tilapia, Chicken, Beef, lamb, and some yellow dish that looked like corn (I believe it was kitfo). The tilapia that we initially thought was chicken was clearly out of a can(?), was not fresh, and was inedible. The lamb literally looked and smelled like cat food, had bones in the otherwise soft meat (another thing not told to us as we dug in), and was another inedible item. The chicken was fine, but had no flavor or spice, and what we believe was a beef-like product had turned cold as soon as we started eating. The spongy injera was also tasteless and miles behind the Ras Dashen version. How an establishment with such great flavors in their Sambussas completely miss the boat on every other item on the menu is completely beyond me. If you are looking for Ethiopean in Chicago, try Ras Dashen. Better in every way, right down to the better African beer selection and tasty injera. While the service is about the same (not good), your overall experience will be far better a mile north up Broadway.
