I came here for a wedding shower, and since I was under the impression that Uncommon Ground was merely a coffee house, my first thought was, "Wedding shower at a coffee house...?" But as it turns out, Uncommon Ground is so much more. They have a large menu of food (we were there while breakfast and lunch were on offer), a selection of appealing-looking cocktails (issuing forth from the beautiful Deco-inspired bar, all sleek lines and dark wood) as well as coffee drinks abounding. I went with breakfast and had the brioche french toast, which came with homemade strawberry rhubarb "syrup." The french toast was light, fluffy and eggy; as for the strawberry syrup, put out of your mind thoughts of those fat-bellied jugs of flavored goo on the table at IHOP. This was homemade, opaque, a soft pink color; if you'd presented it to me in a bottle I might have guessed that it was hair conditioner or some sort of bath product from the consistency and texture. But boy was it tasty, and the perfect complement to the two pieces of toast; I swabbed up every bit. I also ordered the black-pepper bacon, a flavorful side option. Drinks were a mixed bag. My initial mimosa tasted flatly like OJ, not even a bubble of champagne to be seen, so at $10 that's a pretty costly glass of juice. Perhaps I should have gotten the "She Wore a Raspberry Bellini," made with fresh raspberry puree, as did some others in the party (they declared it tart and satisfying), but instead I went for the famous "Tree-tini"; for each of these cocktails that is ordered, the restaurant has a tree planted. Blessedly, the "Tree-tini" was a tasty drink (with citrus and ginger notes keeping one another in check), so you don't grit your teeth and go, "Doin' it to be green!" and grimace as you gulp down something medicinal and horrible. Our group imbibed enough of these to leave at least a small sylvan glade in our wake by the time brunch was done. These are "craft" cocktails, so don't expect to feel a buzz; I'm a major lightweight (one cocktail is usually my limit), and after 2 drinks I was still in perfect shape. They will set you back $10 a pop, though, although that seems to be becoming standard in Chicago. Service was super; our waiter managed to keep track of our big group with ease and kept drinks coming with practiced pacing. Overall, I had an uncommonly good experience at Uncommon Ground. I would certainly return and also check out the original location on Clark to see how it compares.
