I dined the other night with some friends at Sunda, and we decided that we should share our food to be able to try as much as possible. We started with the Lemongrass Beef Lollipops (per other Yelp reviewers suggestions) and the Oxtail pot stickers (suggested by our waitress). The Beef Lollipops were exquisite. The way the beef was wrapped around the handles (of onion, I think) were very attractive. Our waitress warned us that the pepper that came on the handle was a very good, but very spicy pepper. I only tasted a bit, but really enjoyed the flavor of the pepper of the beef, along with the spicy chili glaze. The glaze was so good, that one of my dining companions actually ate a spoonful by itself after the beef was gone! The Oxtail Potsickers were great, very delicate and tasty. They were presented with a drizzle of white wasabi cream on top, which added the perfect contrast to the delicate beef. On to the main course. I tasted only one other person's dish, which was the Spicy "Tail of Two Tunas". It was very tasty with one tuna being in the roll draped with the second tuna. I only ate one piece, but yum! I ordered the Malay Style Chilean Seabass. All I can say is WOW! The fish itself was crusted with a tasty coriander, lemongrass and miso topping, which provide a perfect crunch to the "like butter" fish itself. The fish just melted in your mouth, and was very "buttery" tasting (not like butter, but the texture). It was perfect and everyone else at my table tasted it and we all agreed that I had the best dish of all of us. It came with a side of Curried Cauliflower Puree, which was, as it says, cauliflower, that has been pureed and seasoned with a mild curry (powder? sauce?), and garnished with some grape tomatoes and herbs. Dessert: I don't remember what it was called, but we had the Avocado Mousse dessert that comes in a martini glass with lychee and raspberry at the bottom of the glass. Taking a spoonful of all of the flavors together, I was in heaven. I would come back simply for dessert alone, it was that good. The service: I want to take a moment and say that we had excellent service while we dined, always attentive, not intrusive, and a joy to work with. Overall - I will definitely go back, but the prices make this, for me, a really nice "once in a while" dinner out.
