The Publican has quickly become my favorite place in Chicago.  Here is how it's pitched on the "corporate" website. From the team behind Blackbird and avec comes this homage to beer, pork and fish. Executive Chef Paul Kahan and Chef de Cuisine Brian Huston have developed a network of purveyors to supply the restaurant with hand-selected, sustainably-harvested fish and seafood as well as sustainably-raised heirloom pork to anchor a rustic menu of simple, eclectic fare. The extensive international beer list, developed by partners Eduard Seitan and Terry Alexander, features 100 or so ales, lagers, stouts and ciders by the bottle, 12 of those available on tap. Like Blackbird and avec, The Publican is a design partnership from the James Beard Award-winning team of Thomas Schlesser and partner Donnie Madia. The Publican is a sister restaurant of avec and Blackbird. I don't know many people that would knock anything these guys touch, but as far as I'm concerned, Publican tops my list. I absolutely adore this place. It's warm and inviting. I love coming and hate leaving. The beer... oh the beer. A magnificent selection of some of the most impressive brews I've ever seen. Make no mistake, this is not a Hopleaf, Maproom type of list... This is a list that seems to focus on carefully selected European varieties, each one more "elegant" than the next. The food is flawless. You know when a waiter debones a fish at the table for you with ease (which can be tricky if you don't know what you're doing) that this joint ignores no detail. The menu can feature up to 10 different types of oysters and some gorgeous seafood selections. You'll also find an excellent charcuterie plate, blood sausage, buodin blanc, bollito misto (one of my favs - turkey, pork shoulder, cotechino & salsa verde), and one hell of a seafood tower. The sundries in the washroom don't even escape scrutiny. A $26.00 set of Lime & Coriander hand lotion and soap are neatly displayed in sharp looking restrooms. All of this aside, this place is right up my alley... it draws me like a magnet, and is always the first spot that pops into my head when I'm going to dine out in Chicago. The atmosphere, food and libations are not to be missed. Bottom line? If you don't like it, you're an idiot.
