I was so excited to eat at Bonsoiree since my friend was raving about it, and she put in extra effort to arrange the reservations around everyone's schedules. Being rather basic in my restaurant choices I had never been presented with a multiple course meal prepared specifically for me, and their willingness to accommodate my vegetarian diet filled me with great anticipation. The environment seemed unfussy and comfortable which I liked and hoped that the food and service would follow suit. Unfortunately my high expectations and initial impressions were slowly chipped away at as the evening progressed. I was in such an elevated state of excitement that it took a while for the reality of the situation to sink in, but eventually it hit rock bottom.  Let's begin with the service: As a former waitress I scrutinize service meticulously. I understand that it is a difficult job and you can't please everyone, but poor service can ruin even the most delicious meal. Our server began the meal by making himself scarce, which was especially noticeable when we gazed across the aisle at our un-opened bottles of BYOB wine while our glasses sat empty. Waiting over 15 minutes to drink wine that you brought to the restaurant yourself is offensive. Additionally, our water glasses were barley tended to all evening and for me that is a glaring mark of apathetic service. When our server did appear he was the star of his very own un-rehearsed culinary musical theatre production. He described our dishes with extreme inflections, wild hand gestures and erratic plate placement (including taking a dish back to the kitchen only to bring it right back out admitting that he had been confused). I can only fathom that this "dramatic presentation" was his attempt at being a dutiful server. But the lack of actual service just made these behaviors border on pandering. If I hadn't signed on for a fine dining experience I could have overlooked several of these faults, but they were too glaring for the price point and the reputation of the restaurant. On to the food: I was intrigued at first, and being somewhat out of my gastronomic element, red flags did not go off immediately. There were pieces here and there that had an appealing or unique taste, but overall it fell drastically short of what I had dreamed a personalized gourmet meal could be. My vegetarian dishes were a replica of what everyone else was having minus the meat - which is just my typical strategy for finding something to eat at a fish fry in Wisconsin. The ingredients were certainly high quality and distinctively prepared, but lacked consideration. I was hoping the chef would be delighted to meet the challenge of creatively working around our dietary restrictions. That he would find contentment in knowing we would be pleasantly surprised by our non-typical gourmet, but the dishes that we received clearly communicated that it was an inconvenience. I'm usually the most forgiving restaurant patron in my group of friends and even I felt extremely slighted. My realization that something was really wrong culminated in our final moments sitting in an empty restaurant, void of any staff or patrons, unsatisfied, waiting to pay a large bill, watching our server talk on the phone forgetting, as he had all evening, that we were even there.  1 star for great company, at least being ignored gave us time to chat 1 star to wish upon that the sparkles of goodness at Bonsoiree will prevail
