And the award for restaurant in my bookmarks that took me longest to get to goes to... Spacca Napoli! Finally made it here for lunch today, and I was very pleased. We walked in, and a guy who I assumed was the manager insisted on seating us in the window (we didn't ask), which meant he had to move his laptop. That was nice of him. I thought the interior of this place was very nice and welcoming, and as we ate we watched them setting up the outdoor patio. Can't wait until that's open! We perused the menu for a while, and since neither of us speak Italian we had some questions for our server, Kristy, on what was what. She helped us out, gave us the specials, and we were all set. First of all, love that the sodas come in old school glass bottles. I thought it was a nice touch. Orders placed, my friend and I took turns using the restroom (very clean - always a bonus), and before my friend got back our pizzas were done and on our table. Hot damn, that was super fast! Seriously, under 5 minutes. He went with something with mushrooms on it. I have no idea - it looked good though. I went with the Quattro Formaggi - basically a four cheese pizza with olive oil instead of red sauce. It was good, but not the best I'd ever had. The crust was outstanding (warm, soft, and chewy - just the way I like it), but everything else was just good. Paige W told me to make sure I tried the gelato, and it was a nice warm day, so I figured why not? I got the chocolate, my friend the pistachio, and he inhaled his pretty quickly. Mine was so damn delicious, but I couldn't finish it all... I kept saying, "no seriously, I'm done, get this away from me" as I would grab another spoonful. Finally I had to pour water in it so I would stop myself. That's when you KNOW it's good, right? Apparently our server agreed - she admitted she does the same thing, and we all had a good laugh about it. Overall, great little place. Outstanding service, quick cooking, and good food. Awesome. If and when I come back I wouldn't order the same thing, but I would come back and try some other menu items.
