I have been here twice now- The first time the bf and I went on a week night for my birthday after a long work day. We had the Chef's Selection but were able to let him know some things from the menu we would definitely like to try and that we were partial to seafood. It was a really great experience - modern and vibrant decor, attentive and knowledgeable service, and surprising and delicious food. I fell in love with the sardine dish. I didn't even know I liked them and I consider myself to be a pretty experienced eater. They also have a potato dish which consists of little heavenly tater tots. I have eaten a million shrimp in my life but was still delighted with the simple but sizzling garlic shrimp.  We also had a great view of the park during sunset which was a nice bonus. I went back last weekend because I had a friend in town and thought this would be a great place to get decked out and have a girls night. It was super crowded but the food and service were still stellar. Our server paced our dishes perfectly with the drinks and gave us some time to relax. The highlight of the evening for me was the pork belly with apple and truffle slaw but the rest of my party loved the fillet. We also ordered the sardines on my recommendation and all sharing etiquette went out the window. After one bite I saw the you better eat quick, bitch look in my friend's eyes. The only complaint I have is with the hosts. When making the reservations the first time I made sure to tell the hostess that it was my birthday which wasn't conveyed to our server. I didn't expect them to come out and sing or anything but as a former fine dining server - I would want to know. In fact, when my boyfriend casually mentioned that we should get dessert because it was my birthday, out server was mortified that he didn't know. The last time I went I made the reservation way in advance and was assured we could have a table by the window. Instead we were sat at a bar height table in the server path. Oh, and not that I didn't expect it but I could have flown to Spain for the price of our bill.
