I keep going expecting it to be better, but it's just not happening for me. It's hard to decouple the experience from the fact that it got a Michelin star. A Michelin star, for better or worse, is a highly prestigious restaurant award. By earning a Michelin star, L&E is lumped in with some of Chicago's best restaurants (e.g. Blackbird, Everest, Naha, and Schwa). If you've ever been to one of those places, L&E is simply nowhere near that caliber of restaurant.  The food is standard new American gastropub food. Lots of pork, new incarnations of classics (wild board sloppy joe), charcuterie, and lots of whiskey.  At first glance, I love many restaurants doing similar things, so I did my best to compare L&E to others in the category rather than the lofty expectations thrust upon them by Michelin, but even then they just didn't live up. The food ranged from OK to good, nothing great nothing terrible. They're just not being terribly inventive or doing anything memorable. Sweetbreads, foie gras, pork cheek, short ribs, tell me there aren't a dozen places serving those same dishes every night. When I walk into a gastropub I'm looking for a little creativity, a new flavor combination, unique textural contrasts. L&E does a nice job using fresh ingredients and preparing them competently, but expectations are a bitch, and they're just not at a premiere level. Let me add that I've experienced some strange service issues. Not normal stuff like the server didn't bring my water or they overcooked the burger. Stuff like pressuring us not to order more food, basically telling us they didn't want to seat a group of 7 because it messes up their flow of tables, not offering any help at all (the server should know what barrel strength is) when ordering from their impressively vast selection of bourbons. These aren't deal breakers, but they didn't make me like the place more. In the end, I've given them more chances than I give a lot places. It's very popular, hip, well reviewed, all that stuff, but it just didn't work for me. I'd go back with a friend who really wants to go, but it would never be my idea.
