Just went there on with 3 friends for dinner. We got there at 9pm on a Saturday night and were seated with no problem. The server was lingering around our table and we kept having to tell her that we weren't ready to order yet, etc., throughout the evening. We each had a savory crepe (pretty good but the crepe batter was too wheat-y). The soup starter was a nice addition on a cold night but nothing spectacular. Food came out quickly. We finished our entrees and ordered two dessert crepes (crepes were cold). Once we finished our crepes, the server came over and said, You can stay as long as you want but can you please pay the bill so we can close the shift? We said, Sure! No problem!, and started figuring out the bill. She came back before we had figured it out and we said we needed more time. It felt like she kept coming back to the table every 2 minutes. So we figure out the bill, give an 18% tip and proceed to start to get ready to go. One friend goes to the washroom, then another. While the second friend was in the washroom, the waitress came over and told the others that the restaurant was closing and they should leave. And then, here's the kicker, they actually started flashing the lights on and off, like we were at a bar at closing time. I mean, what kind of a restaurant does this? If you don't want customers staying past your closing time, don't seat them so late. And if you do, suck it up and be appreciative that you have paying customers in your restaurant. I liked this place and had recommended it several times in the past but now there is no chance I'll ever go back. AND the dessert crepes were made with the savory crepe batter. Um...no. Total time we spent there: 1 hour and 15 minutes. I wouldn't call that lingering over our meals. What ridiculously rude service. I think they had the entire kitchen staff waiting around for us to leave too. Just staring at us. If I was the owner, I would send my staff home and wait until my customers were finished. All four of us having dinner have worked many years in the service industry and could not believe the way they acted - and it looked like one of the owners was there too. Don't go here unless you want to patronize a place that doesn't appreciate their customers.
