I'm always hesistant to write reviews on a place that has already 100+ reviews, however I think I'll have to chime in that I disagree with the ratings this place has received thus far. Overall design: The layout of this restaurant is made so that you can fit more people into the space, as opposed to allowing for the gauchos to efficiently move through the room to provide service to all. This means there are nooks/crannies/stairs/non-standard paths that the gauchos must follow in order to reach customers, which prevent efficient service. Instead of being bombarded by meat when we had flipped our coin to "yes please", we ended up looking around attempting to flag someone down. Poor restaurant layout. Salad Bar: Not as plentiful in terms of selection as Fogo (my only Brazilian comparison), however the dishes were tasty nonetheless. While risotto texture is definitely a personal preference, the two batches I had here had way too much cheese and didn't have the natural starchiness of appropriately prepared risotto... someone cheated and through in a lot of butter/cheese at the end IMHO. Fairly limited set of chatucurie, but decent. Overall, average salad bar but not as good as Fogo's. Sides: The airy bread (popovers?) were tasty as always. Garlic mashed potatoes were decent. Fried banana was pretty good (what isn't good when it's coated and deepfried?), however fiancee was more of a fan of Fogo's banana/plaintain side. Meats: Pretty good overall... the rack of lamb had a very strong lamb flavor to it, so if you're not used to that, start with one piece so you don't waste the rest. Leg of lamb was seasoned better and the flavor was more masked. Steaks overall were good, however some of the gauchos didn't quite seem to know where to cut from when I asked for a medium rare and ended up receiving well done. Every filet mignon piece we had was at best medium well, at worst well done. While still tender (it's hard to lose the tenderness of filet mignon), it was felt wasteful to cook it that thoroughly... While I personally am a medium rare kinda guy, something as subtle and good as filet at most should be medium... and these were well overcooked. Desserts: The first set of pineapples we received were so close to the core that there was no grilled/caramel flavors, and extremely chewy. The second time around, the pineapple was warm, smoky, lightly sugary, and lush... perfectly done. It's a shame that the gauchos are likely told to serve the pineapples as far down as possible and people end up with the core area... The papaya cream was an excellent dessert, with more cream than papapya honestly. It was like eating melted ice cream, however still tasty nonetheless. The caramelized flan was also excellent, and worth trying if you're a flan fan. Customer service: Gauchos were fine, some more enthusiastic than others (the guy with the bottom sirloin went to every table and let them know "This is my favooorite... it is soo good, you'll want me to come back") while others seemed to lack some knowledge of where to cut for different levels of doneness. Our waiter seemed awfully disdainful when we decided not to order drinks and we brought out our buy one dinner get one free coupon, but chipped up on our way out after the generous tip. He did bring by a free flan with the words "Congratulations" piped onto the plate to congratulate my fiancee on finishing boards. Classy! Verdict: Both my fiancee and I had concerns as we were sat into a nook/cranny area that was out of the way of the gauchos/waiters, and we were appropriately concerned. Service was not nearly as efficient and attentive as Fogo, but I blame the layout/design of the restaurant in their attempts to fit as many tables as possible in.  As a heads up, even with the coupon, our bill came out to $90 after tax and tip, so while there is a good amount of savings, it's still far from a "cheap meal".  Fogo is better for your money, and we likely won't be back for dinner without a coupon for buy one get one free.
