I've been putting off this review for a while because I just assumed that they had to have 5 stars from everyone... to my chagrin there are some people out there who don't agree with me, but that's perfectly fine, maybe it will keep the lines down in the future! Let's just say that this place is one of a kind, with some of the best drinks I've ever had, period. I love the anonymity as you enter, no sign out front, no windows or open garage doors so that everyone can see in and out. Just a plain door painted right in with the rest of the wall and a light overhead. If the light is on, they're open, if not then they're closed... seems simple enough to me. As you enter for the first time you get the feeling of "uh oh, what did I get myself into" as you pass through the two sets of large, heavy curtains. But once inside it's like you've gone back in time to an era when things moved at a slower pace and people weren't stacked 5 deep at the bar and swooning over twitter or facebook on their iPhones (yes, one of the rules here... no cell phones... simply awesome). Another great feature is how they will only seat your party if they have enough seats available together. This is what prevents a lines at the bar and other general crowdedness (if that's a word) that can really ruin other fine establishments. And once seated, settle in for a few minutes and make sure you read ALL of their drinks. I'm not sure I've ever seen such a unique combination of ingredients as I have here and I think a previous yelper nailed it when they likened these to drinks from "Alice in Wonderland". There really are too many great libations here and I'll spare you my favorites because you really need to find that out all on your own (just know that they do have some "classic" drinks that may not be on their current menu). For what it's worth this place is an awesome location to take new visitors to Chicago or to catch up with good friends over phenomenal drinks in a chill atmosphere. I will continue to show them my patronage; albeit earlier in the evenings when the lines aren't so long...
