I have visited several of the Ethiopian restaurants in Chicago and have always enjoyed the cuisine. Tonight my boyfriend and I were thus excited to use our Groupon at Demera, however we didn't have the best experience. We had reservations at 830 and were promptly seated by a friendly hostess. The restaurant was buzzing still, but not overly crowded. 10 min later when no one had come to take our order we flagged down the hostess and asked her to send over our server. She apologized, offered a few suggestions and took our order of drinks and an app and said she'd give us a few min to decide our dinner combination. Fast forward to 20 min later, we have finished our apps, though no one has returned to take our dinner order. Once again we flag down the nearest person and ask for a waitress. The hostess once again returns, apologies and promises to rush our dinner order. I will give her credit, she did have our food rushed out. 90% of our dinner was quite tasty. One of our meat dishes though had bone shards mixed in it. I'm not talking about large discernible chucks that could be easily picked out, but literal tiny fragments which made it virtually impossible to eat. We left that portion alone, which was fine as we couldn't even finish the rest since it was such a huge portion. Our Groupon also offered dessert. Once again guess who had to flag down a server even though it was quite obvious we had been done eating for a while. This time the hostess must has packed up and left because a different server came over. We ordered our dessert, it wasn't anything special, but honestly I was so stuffed at this point I didn't want more than a bite. At this point the restaurant is pretty cleared out, AGAIN we had to ask for out check. Apparently tax wasn't included in the groupon, so we had a $6 bill. Weird, I've never had to do that before but whatever, not a big deal. AGAIN we had to flag someone down to take our groupon number and pay the rest if the bill. I was a server for many years and can sympathize to a point, but this was truly ridiculous. To sum up my wordiness, good food, terrible service. Don't plan on getting out until 2 hours later.
