This is by no means somewhere you'll want to go every single weekend (because you'd probably end up doubling your weight in like, two months), but it's a great place to go for a kicked-up-a-notch brunch once in a while. You also wouldn't want to go every weekend because the wait is ridiculous. Should you choose to go, unless you get there right as they open, prepare to wait. But that's okay, because there's plenty of shopping nearby and a hilariously-awesome coffee shop, The Wormhole, two or three doors down. The Bongo Room's food runs the gamut from traditional (omelettes) to extremely creative (chocolate tower french toast). The menu changes seasonally, meaning you're unlikely to have the same thing twice. I like that in a restaurant. smoked duck breast eggs benedict: Brandon's dish...amazing. I typically don't like duck all that much, but this was seasoned and cooked perfectly: full bodied, hearty and decadent ( The eggs in combination with the duck were rich, but not greasy like you'd expect. The dill breakfast potatoes that come with it are a refreshing take on hashbrowns (you can't go wrong with fresh herbs). french toast w/ creme anglaise, bananas & walnuts: this dish was insanely rich. I literally only got through about a third of it before I had to stop (but that's okay, it made a lovely dessert a couple of days later). The toast itself was custardy and soft, the bananas were deliciously caramelized, and the creme anglaise was just sweet enough without making me feel like my teeth were going to fall out. raspberry pear mimosa: I was feeling like a breakfast beverage, and this did just the trick. The raspberry and pear flavors are extremely fresh (read: they clearly don't use gross bottled flavored syrups), and whatever champagne they used was a decent quality. Normally, I'd protest paying $8 for a mimosa, but this one was delicious and larger than a normal glass of champagne. I think it was worth it. Tables are a bit close together (but not uncomfortably so), and when the restaurant is at it's most crowded it seems as though the various conversations going on throughout the restaurant make for a cheery, bright vibe. Service was quick and friendly. All in all, definitely a great breakfast/brunch choice the next time you feel like going somewhere a bit more unusual.
