I chose bon-soiree for my birthday dinner this year, and oh was I glad I did! We couldn't go on my actual birthday because the chef and staff were out of town preparing and serving a James Beard dinner in NYC! I suspect this place might be getting some national attention... Tucked away in an unsuspecting residential block of Armitage in Logan Square, the restaurant's appearance and decor is the essence of understated, modern, clean, urban. It feels like a little dining secret - but it's no secret anymore, that's for sure. My only complaint was that it was a little hot inside the dining room - they could have been pumping the a/c a bit more for such a hot day. We brought a bottle of champagne, which turned out to be a good choice for the seven-course tasting menu we chose. Our waiter was quick to put the bottle on ice, and ice cold still water was brought out immediately. The waiters were very attentive with refilling our glasses throughout the evening. As we began our tasting menu, I began to understand the minimalistic decor - the real art is what comes out of the kitchen and shouldn't be outshined by fancy surroundings. Every serving dish was different and unexpected, from the little box of octopus filled with green tea smoke -that was only opened upon arrival at the table - to the seashell filled with sashimi grade scallops and ponzu aioli.  It's so much fun to anticipate each dish's arrival! It's really hard to choose a favorite - but the remarkable thing about this meal was that every single bite had WOW factor. I wanted more of every dish. Everything was perfectly portioned, but it was so good my mouth wanted more. The scallop dish was pretty amazing - the sauce had a creamy, buttery texture; and the scallops were probably the best I've ever tasted. The ponzu (citrus) aioli gave it intense flavor. I loved the grouper with the artichokes, too. The lamb dish was high on the list too, - perfectly cooked, tender and melted in my mouth. This was a very special meal. Expensive, yes, but worth every penny in my opinion. For me, dinners like this are like traveling to a foreign country - you have no idea what to expect, but you know it's going to be exciting and wonderful and you will learn new things and it will open your eyes and broaden your experiences. It's more than just filling up your belly, that's for sure. One random thing to add that somewhat amazed and shocked me - some other diners brought a BABY in a stroller into the restaurant and proceeded to leave it in its stroller in the middle of the restaurant, not even close to their table (I can only assume it was sleeping) while they dined. The baby didn't peep, but it sure made me a little uneasy, as I'm sure it did the waitstaff! People never cease to amaze me....
