i deal with establishments just like i deal with people ... take them for what they are. don't expect anything more or less. sunda is everything that you hear about before you even walk in ... so don't be surprised. love them or hate them, you can't deny that their sole purpose is to have you walk out of there with a very vivid mental picture of your dining experience. in other words they want you to talk ... and talk big (and we all know any publicity is good publicity). it's high intensity and high impact. from the lighting, to the community high tables, brick walls, picturesque windows and sleek furnishings. the atmosphere is buzzing, this is a see and be seen place, no doubt. it may come off as a bit pretentious to many chicagoans (oh who are we fooling we are still good ole wholesome mid-westerners) but it's the type of place that would be commonplace in new york. i've gone several times more recently to kick off a bachelorette party. and we had a ball.  there are so many asian fusion places that basically only serve chinese and japanese with a twist, that it is interesting to have a restaurant take the same played out theme and turn it into something MORE. we are not just talking fancy sushi rolls and noodle dishes ... we are also talking about cuisine inspired from the likes of thailand, the philippines, etc. some of the dishes i've had (in order from my most to least fave) are: - indo corn fritters: these things are amazing. be sure to dip them in the sauce provided! - "no you didn't...the ultimate handroll": crab, shrimp, salmon, tuna rolled up in this sort of extra thin tortilla wrap. had a kick of spice. - i forgot the name but it was a fried pork dish that a philippine acquaintance claims is a very common dish from her homeland. it was very tasty. it did come with a side of a mixed green salad that I do not think complimented it well. the salad was just to light and mildly seasoned to have alongside that meat. - firecracker rolls: these were pretty legit. - oxtail potstickers: i didn't like these as much. it could be because I'm not as familiar with oxtail and wasn't sure if it was normal for the meat to be that tough. i also thought these were a bit greasy than they should have been. note: do not come here if you get all weird about different types of food, this is a place where you should allow your taste buds to explore not confine them to just what you "think" may be good. for nothing else than it is a hot spot in chicago. go and try it for yourself.
