This was about my 5th time here and I finally feel compelled to write because I've had the same experience all five times. Yes, the pork belly is great but it's just not worth the hassles of going to this place.  Forget a leisurely dinner - we were terribly rushed even though the place was half empty and not full even by the time we left at 8:30. Maybe we were too old or not hip enough and they wanted us out quickly. Five of us dined last night (Wed. night) and at 7 it was about half full. We were told the booths were reserved (even though some booths remained empty at least up until we left) and given seats at the communal table. As always, it was really, really loud - we couldn't hear across the table (that's why we like the booths). We were hugely rushed throughout the entire meal from the minute we sat down - we requested that they slow it down to no avail. As soon as we were seated the waiter did his spiel (before we had a chance to look at the menu) and he returned twice in the next 5 minutes to ask if we were ready to order - no time to even read the menu or discuss choices. We asked for suggestions and he read off just about the entire menu - not helpful. The wine was aggressively poured (we were quickly asked if we wanted another round as soon as the little carafes were empty even though our glasses were full - we had to ask them to stop pouring for us). Feeling badgered, we hastily ordered (all dishes together at Publican's request even though it's small plates to share), and most of the dishes came all together in less than 15 minutes from when we walked in - we again told them it was coming too fast and to slow it down - they apologized and paid no attention.  On the food, the veal brains and sweetbreads were greasy and tasted only of "fried" - I think the oil temp was too low. Overall opinion on pork rinds - they tasted like cheetos and the ones you buy in packages at corner liquor stores are better - more crunchy. The smelts were good, the salads were good (squash and a tomato salad), the potee was great, the blood sausage was good...pork belly and bread pudding to die for.  Hint: when they ask for your credit card on reservation and tell you they'll charge $25 per person if you cancel or if someone doesn't show, just tell them forget it - you'll go elsewhere. They relent and take your reservation. At a price point of about $70/person with 2 glasses of wine each and about 2-3 small plates per person, this is a steep price to pay for a loud, rushed, only partly good dinner. I will stick to Maud's or Girl and the Goat from now on - they seem much more happy to have my business, and without an attitude.
