I might be rating this a bit lower than I should because I had such high expectations. My (now) wife and I had gone here for our first anniversary and we both remember it as one of the best meals we have ever experienced. A friend had a reservation and she got called out of town for work so I gladly offered to take it from her. My wife and I were super excited. You can even see on my yelp profile that my "last meal on earth" was going to be at Schwa - that needs to be updated...asap. We decided to bring a bottle of wine that we had been saving for a special occasion (Heitz Martha's Vineyard Cabernet) and also picked up two fairly expensive bottles of white wine from Binnys on the way. We got there at about 8:45 and were seated right away. The server/chefs were super nice and cool and we started to get really excited. Ended up being a let down with both my wife and I feeling pretty sick for the next 24 hours. The menu looked amazing but things were brought out completely out of order. The progression of food made no sense and we got different courses all together from the tables around us. There were long periods (20-30 minutes) where there was no food anywhere. Carlson (the chef) was funny but he was wasted and ended up leaving at about 11pm. We were there until 12:30. There was no "substantive" savory part of the meal. The courses actually got progressively worse throughout the night like the chefs were getting more drunk and taking less care. They kept "adding" courses but when you have to wait 30 minutes for a single bite course it gets a bit frustrating. Probably the worst part was the music. Now, the first time we were there they had the music and it was great. As I recall it was actually in the kitchen and not blaring in the main dining room. For us, we couldn't speak to eachother, couldnt hear the chefs describe the food and couldnt think. We both left with pounding headaches. Keep in mind, we go to our fair share of bars/clubs so its not that we cant stand music...but 3.5 hours of absurdly (and unnecessarily) loud music is just not pleasant when you are trying to have a nice dinner. The food was good, it was unique and creative and I appreciate that. But by the 4th course, my wife and I just wanted to leave because we had massive headaches. I should say the table next to us actually left and skipped their final three courses. They were there when we arrived and who knows, probably were in the 5:30 pm seating - they left at about 10pm. Sad to say it but I dont think I would go back to Schwa. They have done an incredible job of building up this absurd mysterious reputation for themselves but the quality of the food and service just simply isnt worth spending 300+ dollars and 3.5 hours of my life there. Unfortunate because like I said - about 4 years ago it was one of the best meals (food AND experience) I have ever had.
