I'm a new yelper, so bear with me. I'm here with the encouragement of a co-worker, whom I had dinner last night with at Carnivale. I've eaten here several times, and it never fails to disappoint. This is yet another Jerry Kleiner theme restaurant, and I must say my favorite. From the moment you walk in, it's a feast for the eyes with vibrant colors. In fact it's other worldly. The dcor is obviously Cirque du Soleil inspired which puts a surreal vibe in the air. Seeing as this restaurant offers pan-Latin cuisine (or as our waiter called it, "Latin Soul Food" cuisine), I don't quite get the connection to the dcor...but it's such a delight to the senses that I won't ask questions. The bar, which I've frequented in the past, also serves dinner and has a festive atmosphere from another world, but the dining room is "the" place to be. We started off with their Mojitos, which our waiter bragged are known as the best in town and are made perfect down to a science. You know what? He was right. It was the best in town I've tasted, with just the slightest hint of sweetness (one of my pet peeves is a mojito that tastes like someone dumped a ton of sugar into it). They're addictive. On to our appetizer; I've always been impressed that Carnivale offers five different kinds of Ceviches. I've tried one or two here or there, but was happy that my friend agreed on sharing a "tasting" of all five, which were served with Chicago flatbread (make sure to ask for extra flatbread, they are generous about that). All were incredible, my favorite being the "Camarones", a spicy shrimp ceviche. On the waiter's favorite recommendation, I tried the "Churrasco" as my entree, which he described as Nicaraguan style beef tenderloin. It was served on top of this incredible goat cheese puree, with some type of pureed arugula sauce drizzled on top (I normally hate arugula, but in this instance it was the perfect condiment). I purposely ate my entre in slow motion so that it would never end. "I Love Food" Yelper Tiffany did the same. All in all yet another great experience here. I'm not the type who would be generous with stars, but this gets a five in my book!
