Well, where to begin. I was moderately reluctant to get too hyped up for this place, but it did not disappoint. Quite the opposite, in fact. What a fantastic spot this is...the idea is shared plates, with a focus on sourcing simple, proper ingredients. An oysters, beer and pork joint. Since I don't eat oysters, 2 out of 3 ain't bad... Started with the Haricot Verts, which were done with tuna, roasted cherry tomatoes and an almond "aillade". This is perhaps the most stunningly awesome combination of flavors in a vegetable dish I've ever had...the beans were crunchy, and the combination of tuna and tomato meshed indulgently with the beans and almonds. Never would've thought those ingredients would go together, but I was already thinking that Kahan was getting 5/5 on that dish alone. ;) Next up was some lightly breaded/fried Lake Erie Perch, fried zucchini, parmesan, red onion and remoulade/Russian dressing. Kind of a new take on the classic fried fish w/ tartar sauce. The execution was flawless and the flavor combo was again stunning. Fish & cheese? Yep, it worked wonderfully. The zucchini was nice and al dente...really fresh flavor came through, which is hard to do when frying - never mind how great the perch tasted on its own. Suckling pig: nuff said. I don't even remember the accompanying sauce/reduction/veg...the pork was so over the top...it just flaked apart with ease. A1. They killed it on one of their signature offerings, so bravo to treating the pig with respect. I was also able to try some of the beef sirloin, which was done medium (even thought they suggested med-rare), and came with a crazy set up of cherries, crunchy hazelnuts and some crisp arugula. I don't really eat beef/steak anymore, outside of occasional burgers, and this was a well crafted dish that even I enjoyed. On top of the great food is great ambiance. It's an insanely awesome interior design job...minimal European flair. Really comfortable vibe and cool layout, with a ton of community seating in the middle, and the rest of the tables along the walls. The whole place had a very casual vibe while still retaining a subtle, unpretentious chicness. The service was very good, as well. Maybe the quickest refills and plate takeaways I've ever seen...the runners were definitely on top of their game. The wine list is short, but decent and the beers are even better - Zombie Dust on tap alone gets 5/5 stars. ;) As far as after dinner ops went, a massive French press of a custom Intelligentsia blend was absolute heaven. Perfect temp and extraction. The only thing that sort of missed was the panna cotta. It was way too set, likely from being served at much too cold of a temperature. The macerated sour cherries and pistachios on top were good in concept, but the sweetness of the cherries overpowered the delicate sweetness of the cream. Oh well...a minor misstep. Can't wait to hit this place up again. Fan-effin'-tastic.
