Two years ago I probably would have stayed a bit further away to be closer to the heart of the action in the city. But if there's a reason for you to be in this "a bit out of the way" location, then this is a great option. It's nicer than the Hilton on the other side of the river and has more amenities than the Sofitel and Fairmont (also on the other side of the river). What I liked about this location that I hadn't previously anticipated was the proximity to Grant Park, the Bean, the Bridge, etc. Being a native Chicagoan, it's embarrassing that I hadn't been before...super cool and super easy walk there. Also, my hubby and kid joined me on this work trip, and they very much liked the proximity to the Children's museum at Navy Pier. There's also a load of great restaurants nearby. This is a conference hotel. So you know it's going to be big, have lots of amentities, and charge for all of them. We paid an additional $15/day for internet, oh well, charged it to work. Rediculous, yes, but standard for the big chains. We didn't park there, but I'm sure that's crazy expensive too. There's a Shula's in the hotel...not my favorite steak chain, but I brought some potato skins up to my room (not paying rediculous room service fees) and they were AWESOME. Even better than the recently departed Boston Blackies' version that used to be down the street. I also ate at the little burger place in the basement...perfect for a quick meal, had a cafeteria feel, easy with kids, reasonable, and served beer...perfect. The room. We had a great view of the river, it was big and comfortable, of course comfortable beds. Since we had a kid, they were very quick in delivering a crib and fridge for her baby food. And when we had a technical issue with the remote/TV, the technition was really sweet about explaining that you have to turn the TV "on" for the remote to work (without calling me a total moron). Only downside here was the two towels in the room, and flimsy towels they were. Added bonus, if you're a Starwood Preferred member, as I am, the concierge floor is awesome. It's a double decker room with huge windows serving breakfast, pre-dinner apps and after-dinner snacks and desserts. Free soda and waters all day long. You could eat all your meals up there! :) I would absolutely stay here again if I had to be in this part of town again (and my work is paying for the room). But I'm cheap and wouldn't pay more than $200/night to stay here if I were on my own dime.
