I was walking north on Michigan Ave. and feeling pretty peckish after a meeting last Sunday so I decided to settle for dinner at Bennigan's. Nothing against Bennigan's but it's generally not the first (or second or 30th) place that comes to mind when I think of fun and interesting places to eat. In other words, I was hungry and I was willing to settle for "just okay" food. I knew there was a Bennigan's nearby but I couldn't remember exactly where so out came the Google map app. on my phone. I searched "Bennigan's" and saw that I'd actually have to backtrack four blocks to get there. Forget THAT.  I passed Subway. Not in the mood. I passed some Chinese place. Meh. I passed Starbuck's. Bleah. And then I saw The Purple Pig. Here's the internal dialogue that took place in my mind: Me: Hm. Purple Pig? Me2: Meh. I *could* go there but it's probably ridiculously pretentious. Keep moving. Me: I'm really hungry. Oh! And other yelpers say it's a great place. I really should try it. Me2: *shrug* I guess. meh. So I walked in, saw that it was very busy and got a sinking feeling. I did NOT want to sit and wait an hour before I was served. I was immediately greeted by a host who informed me that they could find me a seat right away if I was comfortable trying out one of the "communal" tables. Now, I realise this won't be everyone's cup of tea but, after getting over the initial awkwardness of sitting next to people who aren't there to spend time with you, communal tables can actually be kind of cool. So I said "sure!" and was seated immediately. When I looked at the menu, my first reaction was, "What was I thinking? Why did I come here? I'm in no mood for wine right now and I don't even like pork. This was a REALLY stupid idea." I waffled for a while and seriously considered leaving. Everything on the menu has pork and/or (mostly "and") some sort of cheese. Their tag line is "Cheese, Swine and Wine," so shame on me for not taking it literally. Here's the thing, though. I DIDN'T leave and, once my server, Katie The Rock Star showed up, everything got all better. Her name isn't Katie The Rock Star. At least, I don't think it is. But she was amazing so I've dubbed her accordingly. Anyway, after Katie The Rock Star explained the menu basics to me, I settled on the fried chorizo stuffed olives and the whipped feta with cucumbers.  I expected to wait a while for my food - the place was PACKED - but within moments, I had my stuffed olives.  At the risk of sounding like a walking foodie cliche, I have two words to describe my first dish: Flavour Explosion. Every bite was a "wow" moment. No kidding. It's not a huge dish but there's so much flavour, you don't *need* it to be huge. Just as I was finishing my olives, the whipped feta and cucumbers arrived with a plate of toasted bread. Holy shit, that feta was good. I'm kind of glad I was dining alone because, frankly, talking would have ruined the moment. I just wanted to close my eyes and enjoy the flavours. So I did. Amazing. After I'd finished savouring my foodgasm (yes, I said it. foodgasm), I started the people watching. It's a little tricky to do this without looking like some sort of freak when you're actually sharing a table with the strangers you're observing. However, the opportunity for a little conversation presented itself in a way that can really only happen when dining at a communal table. The party of three to my right were discussing European chocolate versus American chocolate. The female in the group gave me a subtle look when one of the men mentioned how much he loved a specific east coast chocolatier. It was subtle but it was enough of an invitation so, giving a sidelong glance of my own, I murmured just loudly enough, "I really only enjoy European chocolate. Especially Belgian," and suddenly, I was a part of the conversation. Then, the couple to my left shyly asked me if I would please be willing to take their picture on their monstrously large freak-of-digital-nature camera. I happily obliged, though it took me three tries to get it right. See what I mean? Really, only communal dining can give you experiences like that. I get it. It's not for everyone. But I happen to love those little moments so it was a perfect dining experience for me. After the conversations wound down, Katie TRS returned to see how I felt about dessert. Oftentimes I'll take a pass on the dolci but I was in the mood so I chose a strawberry soft-serve ice cream in a brioche drizzled with balsamic. mmmmm.... delicious. And not so heavy that I thought I'd go into a food coma. It was the perfect ending to a lovely meal. Here's my rating breakdown: Service:    5 Stars Food:      5 Stars Ambiance: 5 Stars I can see why Bon Appetit calls The Purple Pig one of the 10 best new restaurants in America!
