This place does live up to the hype. I went here for a dinner w/ my fiance for the first time last night. We knew this wasn't the romantic setting, but we would have prefered the tables to be a little more far apart. It was really noisy, but that wouldn't stop me from coming back here with a group of friends. The inside had a loungy trendy, sex and the city feel for sure, which I liked. Girls, let's do girls night out! The food was pretty good, overpriced? maybe, but definitely good. We got the dragon roll which was one of the best dragon rolls I've ever had because it was actually spicy. Then we got the raved about devils basket which is the wok crab made with four types of chillis, scallions, and some other stuff. It was super spicey, like i mean your mouth is on fire kind of spicy, but delcious as the crab was on the sweeter side combined with all the spicyness equals a great combination :) Then we had the bbq pork as an entree which was also delicious. I'm not a fan of pork but the flavor and the quality was really good as well as everything else. I could tell this restaurant wants to serve good quality ingredients. Then came dessert, because how could we resist. I wanted to get the mousee in a martini because I saw the table next to us get that, but my fiance insisted on the chocolate malten cake with rice krispies w/ hot gooey chocolate in the inside...I let him win, for once :p, and that was okay, not my favorite...because I should have gotten the mousee!. Next time :) The reason i'm not giving them 5 stars is because our server was really rude, I asked her if there was anything light to drink and she was like no, this is all we have, with a really bad attitude, and the whole time she was kind of cold, so I feel like if she could have offered us any suggestions at all, the place would have received 5 stars. I felt like if I didn't read the reviews on what to get, we would have been quite confused since the menu is huge. The girl has got to go in my opinon. So as a recap, definitely trendy place, you do go here to be seen, the food is good quality, on the pricey side, and hopefully you will get a better server than we did!
