For all of the great experiences I have had a TDB that have kept me coming back with parties, dates and anniversaries, it's always the bad experiences that stick and prevent you from coming back and this is exactly what happened.  On June 24th one of friends decided to have his birthday there. We were a party of 10! This is our experience... I was the last person who arrived since i was coming in from work.  I walked in to no greeting from the desk as there was nobody there which is fine since it was probably busy, it was a Friday night after all. I finally spotted my group at the back all eating away. When i first sat down our waiter Ulises came to me and asked me immediately if i wanted a glass of wine or a cocktail that most of my friends seemed to be drinking. I said no and wanted a glass of water. Something about the expression on his face was a little off. He told his busser to give me water. Throughout the meal i felt he only ever came back to make sure we had enough alcohol in our system. I am more used to the waiters coming to ask if our food was okay or whether we wanted certain meats. This is the rare occasion I asked Ulises for my favorite meats which I believe he didn't even bother asking anyone. I had to hunt them down. Water at TDB is always refilled. I had come on certain occasions when i would take a sip and it would be refilled right away. This is the first time i drank it empty and it stayed that way even after asking Ulises for a refill to which he asked a busser and left when it was sitting right in front of him. Another interesting observation is a host never came to ask how everything was which is normal protocol at TDB... I was definitely not feeling the service at this point and Ulises spent more time pushing alcohol than anything else which was made even more obvious after our plates were FINALLY taken away. At TDB it is normal to ask for a new plate between servings especially if medium rare remains are sitting on your plate for some time, but it almost felt imposing to ask for anything as it wasn't returned with a smile. So here we were tables cleared and out of nowhere Ulises came with after dinner glasses to which he started putting one down for each friend. Odd for me, i was wondering what it was. He said just so that they would be there when he brought out our desserts.  So he talked about the desserts with no interest and each of us got one, some of us couldn't decide and got two. By this point we had already been talking about the less than standard service and treatment.  While we were waiting for the desserts he brought out the after dinner liquors. Just the "car salesmen" way he forced them, most of the party at this point already buzzed obliged. Mind you i was sober and watching this all happen. One friend didn't like his drink and got another one. I believe he ended up with 4 drinks. Once we had our desserts and liquors he disappeared. Where's my water again? nowhere! The host's boyfriend actually thought that some of the liquor would be comped just how it was all presented to us (it wasn't, even the tastings were charged!) After eating and drinking.. I wasn't the only one complaining about water or anything. We asked him on more than 3 occasions and i even asked several different bussers who either asked him or someone in front of us. We have a 360 degree view of the restaurant so we can see where you go.  We asked for the check finally and again that expression when the birthday celebrant gave him gift certificates and printed birthday fliers.  When the check was received, I was told by the birthday celebrants partner that when they were initially seated they asked for two checks a drinks check and the dinner check, of course everything was on one check. The result, each of us paid 97 dollars!!! Absurd and I didn't even drink one ounce of alcohol but as tradition in our circles we all split the check among the remaining friends! Once we had given the check and after a 10 minute wait to receive the cards back, it was a quick thank you.. Seriously? Even with the horrible service we still tipped 20% and you couldn't even say Happy Birthday or thank you with a smile!! So we sat around and talked.. except instead of talking about life and such we talked about the service. This is never good.. the service should always be secondary to any dinner party. We all needed water and its understandable the restaurant was closing soon because all of the staff seemed to be getting things organized. We once again asked bussers since Ulises disappeared and they all asked other people or found him and asked him. Overall this waiter was the worse, rude, pushy and unfriendly! He is better off at a car dealership. TDB was just off that night but with 9 new customers who were less than impressed and 2 previous customers who were embarrassed for recommending what we thought was a fine dining experience, we were left speechless!
