I'm actually pretty surprised this place was as good as it was. Given its proximity to Anish Kapoor's Cloud Gate (what the hoi polloi call The Bean), I was expecting it to be overpriced and bland, as restaurants next to tourist attractions generally are. But I had a lovely time - the food, service, and cocktails hit the spot. Though we made reservations at OpenTable, we sat at the bar (I love sitting at the bar to eat when there's two people; I think the service is better - it was here - and you get to sit next to your buddy, which is the best). They serve local brews - you can get Goose Island just about anywhere (thanks for making it generic Anheuser Busch!), but try any of the Half Acres or New Holland Dragon Milk Stout (holy hell this is an amazing beer; might just trump Ten-Fidy). They also have a pretty broad whiskey, bourbon (Willet!), and scotch selection if that's your thing (it is mine) and they do pretty sweet whiskey flights for about $30 (I didn't indulge, but I will next time I want to get messed up and see how many of my reflections I can find in Cloud Gate's omphalos, which, now that I think about it, sounds like a fabulous way to spend a Saturday). My companion had the Duck Confit Hash and Eggs ($15) and it was, for real, off the hook. It comes with black pudding (please don't tell me what's in black pudding; let me bask in the glory of ignorance) and pumpernickel hash. And if you think this sounds like good hangover food, you're absolutely right. I had the Plancha Salmon ($14, essentially a salad kicked up a notch with orange, asparagus, peppers, and an excellent tarragon vinaigrette) and it was exactly what I needed. In general the food is kind of like haute Irish cuisine (is that a thing? It is now) - it's rich and hearty and bold and often innovative, with a dash of refinement.  I love the atmosphere too - soaring ceilings, a long mahogany bar, lively crowd (generally a good idea to make a reservation). And though I was a tourist, dining near one of the city's top attractions, I felt like a local. Sweet.
