Review in a nutshell. Go to Mercat, ask to be seated at one of Eddie's tables, eat everything, ask him if you need help (he will also say when it is too much food), pay (kind of) a lot, enjoy the living snot out of yourself. Repeat. Mercat is just a wonderful dining experience. Wifey and I celebrated our anniversary there last night and I just had to rave for a few minutes.  Eddie, our waiter, was outstanding, really brought it home for us. He was knowledgeable and enthusiastic about the menu, but not in a pretentious or intimidating way. If you are going to Mercat, especially for a special occasion, ask for Eddie's section. Also, tell them that you are celebrating, two years in a row we've gotten a seat next to one of the Michigan Avenue-facing windows for an awesome view.  And now the food (not a total breakdown, just what we had last night) Queso - Monte Enebro - get this, it is super. Tapas de Siempre - Datiles con Almendras & Pulpo con Patatas - I don't eat these myself, but Wifey's eyes glaze over while eating these. Cocas - Costillas de Ternera - One of those things you didn't mean to order but divine inspiration must have struck. Fideos - Pelotas de Calabaza y Cordero - I would step over my own mother to get these and sort of forget my own name for a minute after eating them. Carnes - Tocina con Cidra - Melt in your mouth good, an amazing blend of flavors. Pescados - Mar I Muntanya II - ordered on a whim, had me over the moon. Verduras - Patatas Bravas - the only disappointing part of the meal but that is definitely because we were in Spain in May, I remember LOVING these last year, this year - not as much. Dessert - We ordered the Croquetas de Xocolata and the Crema Catalana. Eddie actually brought (and comped) an Arroz con Leche when I noted that I had a difficult decision. All deserts were great. If you are not an enormous fat person like me, just get the Croquetas. Eddie also comped us champagne to start our meal and our after dinner drink the name of which I cannot remember. A couple of grilled prawns also showed up at the table, very good, very free.
