Schwa was an unforgettable experience. A few months out from a trip to Chicago, I read a couple of restaurant reviews and was intrigued by how hard reservations at Schwa were to come by. I kept calling for two days straight and got no calls. The next morning around 12:30 Chicago time, I called and finally somebody picked up the phone. I told them when I would be in town and if I could get a reservation for one person. The person on the other line said 5:30 on the 21st of April and the rest is history...... Finally after waiting for two months, the night had arrived and I was ready.. Before I arrived at the restaurant I made sure to get a couple bottles of beer and off I went. I arrived at 5:30 and to my surprise I was the only one there for 30-45 minutes. The hostess came and asked about any restrictions and also if I wanted a few extra courses. Obviously I had no problem with that. I won't go into detail of every single dish because there is not enough room to write, but I will go over some of the dishes that I will never forget. Potato Bar Soup- Inspired by the potato bars at weddings, this soup consisted of baked potato, fried potato skins, scallion puree? some bacon crumble and stretchy cheese on the side of the plate. Yes as amazing as it sounds. Chicken Liver Risotto- Risotto of chicken liver with a fruity gelee on top. This was insanely rich and decadent and was easily one of the greatest things I have ever consumed. Quail egg raviolo- Quail egg inside pasta with truffle butter. Pretty self explanatory and fucking delicious. Eaten in one bite, an explosion of flavor. Roe- Deep fried roe, violet foam and a passionfruit gelee- They told me to eat it all at once and it would taste like fruit loops. I tried it and they were right except it tasted ten times better. Just an amazing dish. Simply mindblowing. Butterscotch Braised pork belly- came with mango puree and was just brilliant. 'SMORES"- braised short rib in a chocolate mole sauce with graham cracker and marshmallow. Probably the greatest thing I have ever had. Such a weird combo that worked perfectly. Lift up the glass and there was an essence of campfire. Just insanity. Overall Schwa blew my mind. I loved the music they blasted in the dining room i.e. atmosphere and sage francis and I loved the fact that I could wear whatever I want and drink whatever I want while still experiencing some of the best food ever and unpretentious service. Whenever I am in the city, SCHWA will be first on my list. Not to mention the price for the amount of food and quality you get. There is probably no better deal you can find anywhere.
