I'm rating this place 3.5 stars. I went here with my bro on a Friday night . . . you know, two dudes out on the town. We arrived at 7:15 pm, and we were told the wait was an hour and a half (they don't take reservations). This wasn't surprising as we had been warned by other Yelpers. We walked over to the pizza place around the corner, and we had a few beers. It seems that the pizza place gets a significant amount of business from L&E overflow.  At 8:45 pm on the dot, we received a call from the hostess (who was quite friendly) telling us that our table was available. As we walked to our table, I could see that L&E faithfully observes many of the gastropub tropes: lots of wood, small space, low overhead lighting with puny- table-candle task lighting, a tiny open kitchen, a quirky signature decorative item (arrows in glass vases on built-in wall shelves). It was fine, but I've been to other places with a similar aesthetic that did a better job of capturing the casual and rustic elegance that I think L&E is striving for (i.e., the Spotted Pig and the Hopleaf).  Our server, a youngish, hipsterish guy, was friendly and welcoming. We received our drinks promptly. Because I had previously had a few beers and was already somewhat inebriated, I elected not to order a drinking whisky or a beer. Instead, I got a cherry cola, and the bro got a birch beer - both were pretty good. Our meal was kicked off by a sample size of white truffle risotto. Tasty but nothing special. We ordered two starters - the scallops with oxtail and truffle gnocchi and the veal heart. Both were very good. The scallops were cooked well, and I was surprised that their flavors were nicely complemented by the oxtail (which was served pulled meat style). The veal heart was cut up into little cubes and served along with a tasty long-ravioli-type pasta stuffed with a delicious gravy like substance. The veal heart was soft and a little creepy but tasty, and the pasta thingy was really tasty. For entrees, I ordered the pork belly and the bro ordered basically a big plate of assorted protein (two kinds of stewed meats, foie gras, bone marrow). My pork belly was good, but it was nothing special. It was served on a bed of risotto and topped off with chestnuts; it tasted a lot like a Korean dish called kalbi jim, which is essentially stewed short ribs in a somewhat sweetish soy-based marinade. The bro's entree was unimpressive. The stewed meats were too soft and lacked character. There was only a tiny amount of bone marrow - the bro's plate had a hollowed out bone filled with mashed potatoes, and the bone marrow was just two small cubes atop of the potatoes. The bone marrow wasn't even that good. The cubes were white and tasted kind of like fat. Apparently, some of the bone marrow had been whipped into the potatoes, but that seems like a strange choice as the potatoes, while good, were not especially marrow-tasting. The foie gras was the only part of his dish that we liked. But we agreed that his dish, which was a not inexpensive $29, was pretty mediocre. Overall, I came to L&E really psyched, and I left stuffed, underwhelmed, and with a much lighter wallet. I won't be going back any time soon.
