I am having an intense love affair and feeling absolutely no Gilt whatsoever. There is a deep sigh of pleasure that falls out of my body just thinking about this gorgeous bit of space. Deep deep sigh. I walked in without a reservation, after table hopping on countless occassions you would think a girl would learn. Not this girl, tables always open up. The bar is always open. Gilt was pretty packed for being at that mid-evening point of not happy hour but not late night dining. The hostess took my name down and gestured over to the bar where there was in fact a seat open and I casually sat and waited for my dining partner to arrive, taking in the sights around. A little shout out for the blind. It's spectacular inside and I really hope that someday there are goggles made that when placed on your head does an automated voice begin to visualize and set the mood. The vibe inside is loud, but comfortable to the point where you are not shouting and you will not hear the conversations of those dining next to you. Or across from you for that matter. The entire space is dimly lit, romantic or cozy. It's a make it whatever you want type of place, and for that I loooves. Still to the point of feeling no gilt. While sat at the bar, the hostess came over to me and asked if we wouldn't mind sitting in a lounge seat rather than a table due to the high capacity. YES PLEASE. To be frank, this is exactly how I would want to dine here. Sitting on a leather couch, sharing a rustic table with other diners and getting comfortable. Enjoying my food. Because then I wouldn't feel rushed. Because you don't feel rushed. Period. And because of this, it makes me want to make this a permanent must stop and go to place when in need for dining out in the area. For our food, there isn't a single piece that was not appreciated. We started with the crispy and seasoned fries which were delectable. Even with the garlic-mayo dip. Dabbled in the cheese fondue which I highly recommend with utmost confidence if you are a cheese lover and had a side salad with fennel and apples which will cleanse your pallette to perfection. Absolutely head over heels for Gilt Bar and know that this has become my favorite spot so far in the area.
