Saturday night April 25, 09 - The place is packed with customers and the male host with clunky glasses told us that we would have to wait 35 minutes for a table for two. No problem, we go to the bar and have a drink. 35 minutes later I walk up to the host to check on the wait time and the bitchy male host snapped at me "I said I will call you when the table is ready!" I told him that I understood but I thought I should check just in case since he did say 35 minutes. Ten minutes later he takes us to the Sushi Bar. My partner and I decided to take the two seats rather than a table in order to avoid another snippy remark, attitude and perhaps a scene. While waiting for our waitress we decided to check Yelp via our IPhones and found that customer service is really not the best attribute at Wakamono.  I should have checked Yelp before we came here so I could cope with the attitude of the host and manager. I had hoped that my dinner would be worth the attitude and disrespect we received. I was wrong..the Chicken Teriyaki I ordered came on a covered sizzling platter and a bowl of rice. When the waitress uncovered my dinner I found charred chicken that stuck to the platter and the Teriyaki sauce had caramelized into a thick goo with charred edges. I was afraid to return my dinner at this point for fear of having to deal with the manager (see other reviews regarding the manager). I did mention to our waitress that my dinner was burned. She apologized and said she will talk to the chef. While dining, there was a table of 8 women (most of them pregnant) and saw that the woman seated at the head of the table was involved in a heated "discussion" with the manager so it is safe to say that they were not pleased with something either. I was going to warn them not to order the Chicken Teriyaki dish but it was too late, it was on its way to her table on my way out. The check was rushed to us and no dessert was offered nor a discount for my burned dinner. We left before the 8 pregnant women got their chance at ripping the manager a new a-hole or beating him to a pulp. You don't want to mess with pregnant women! Needless to say, my dinner was absolute crap but my partner's dinner was delicious. If you can handle rude, bitchy, don't give a shit service, then this is the place for you...just don't order the chicken. The only reason I picked this place was that we saw how busy it was the week before so we figured it offered good eats. I say go to PingPong for quality service and food.
