So I took my second visit to Hot Doug's in my second visit to the Windy City. I'm pretty sure Hot Doug's will be a staple-stop on all return visits. I'll break down both my visits on this review: #1 - This visit took place back in April of 2011. I was by myself and it was on a weekday for lunch. I got there at about 11:00 and there was a line just outside the door. The wait to order was about 20 minutes. I ordered the Jamaican Jerk Sausage with plantains and remoulade. It was quite simply one of the tastiest items of food that have ever entered my mouth. After the first bite all I could think about was how long I could take savoring this sausage. I even looked at the line and considered getting back in line to order another one. The fries were solid but not spectacular. I'm not a fries guy anyway and immediately regretted not just ordering two sausages. I can't explain how well the flavor of the sausage worked with the plantains and remoulade. It was just perfect. #2 - This time the visit took place on Friday, July 27th. This time I also had the family with me (wife, 9-year old son, 12-year old daughter). I ordered the game of the week. It was a Kangaroo Sausage with Yellow Pepper Aioli, and Goat Feta Cheese. It was outstanding. The kangaroo had a very different flavor that I can't really describe but it went very well with the condiments. I also ordered the Norm Crosby, which is a German Thuringer sausage with beef, pork, garlic and other spices. It was very good also. I got mine with spicy mustard and tomatoes. My wife ordered the Smoked Shrimp and Pork Sausage with Creole Mustard, Hominy Grits, and Goat cheese. She got hers minus the grits. The Creole Mustard and Goat Cheese were too rich for her so she scraped it off and put mayo on it. Thank god Doug didn't see it or he might have banned us from the restaurant. I almost slapped her for the sheer embarrassment. After she only ate 1/2 of hers I reapplied the creole mustard and goat cheese and finished hers. It was even better than the Kangaroo. Daughter got the Polish and son got the Italian. They were both solid, but to me the way to go is the specials. In closing I can't recommend Hot Doug's enough. But get the specials, not only because of the sausage, but the special condiments add a world of flavor.
