When you are ready to get your serious meat on, Longman and Eagle is the place for you. I am seriously in love with the food. Seriously. Come hungry and early to L&E (they don't take a reservation and the wait can get long after 7:30) but if you have to wait it out it is well worth your time.Waiting to be seated at L&E is not bad because it gives you time to get your drink on at their great bar. The bar has lots of craft beers, an ample wine list and a great selection of liquors and whiskey. If you are feeling adventurous, try one of their selected whiskey flights, this is a great way to taste some different types of whiskey and get your buzz enhanced at the same time.I like booze as much as the next guy, but the real reason to visit L&E is for the amazing food. Make sure to try all of the flavors by ordering a mix of the small plates, sandwiches & soups and entrees. The plates are ample but not huge so you can try a few of them and not be overly full. Some of my favorites were the Kobe Meatballs with creamy polenta for a small plate. The baby arugula and roast beet salad was phenomenal. The peppery flavor of the arugula mixed with the sweetness of the roasted beets and creamy goat cheese put me in salad heaven. Recently, I have become quite the fan of sweetbreads (I think I have some zombie-like cravings) and if you can get over the idea of eating brains they are truly delicious! Despite my love for all of the previous items my most treasured dish on the menu had to be the pork belly with pumpkin risotto. It is to die for, so much so that I have had it as my entre both times I have eaten here. The pork belly is tender and silky and pairs wonderfully with the creamy and sweet flavors of the risotto. I am salivating over my keyboard just thinking about it! To complete my gluttonous feast I ended with chocolate banana bread pudding and I think they made this just for me......... These are some of my favorite flavors in my favorite desert!This newish gem in the heart of Logan Square is a must visit for anyone who loves a great meal. An added bonus is that all of this great food won't break the bank! A well deserved five stars is in order for the great food, laid back surroundings, and cool charisma that is Longman and Eagle. Bravo!
