This was my bday celebration spot , I had purchased a deal thru Travel zoo worth half off so I was excited to use it but scared because so of the negative reviews. I book my reservation and thru negative reviews to the wind and decided to have a open mind. Okay had a reservation at 7:30 got there about ten Min's late but there were okay I did request a booth so it was a twenty min wait was okay because the tables are cramped like many have stated. okay the smell , I did notice it but it was not like a gross smell it was like a smell of a deep fryer, Yes there was a faint smell to my dress Is it ruined NO! The booth was so spacious and the booth has more light due to a shaded light fixture above our heads. Okay the food I got the Gejas sampler with all their offerings , the chicken shrimp beef it can with scallops, but the let me sub for more shrimp . Okay the portion as I was told its 8oz total so on my platter was a palm full of chicken 4 shrimp because I sub out the scallops , 2 pieces of beef and 2 bites of lobster = not a lot at glancing but when you add the vegetable and the stater fondue of cheese you will be full ! I read that the meat was basically raw which it was but I brought my own seasoning ! Yes , i did I had my granny purse filled with a sweater ( for a draft) a bottle of lemon pepper seasoning , some fish batter , and a marinade ! Did I need all that NO, but my food tasted good to my liking because ultimately (you are the chef ) so you are in charge! The shrimps were huge my fave of the meat and seafood the chicken was good with my specials seasonings on it ! My beef I gave to the hubby it didn't taste like any special when fried so maybe try it in the broth , which you have to request! The cheese fondue was good , again it doesn't look like a lot but eaten with the apples and bread and salad its filling. The taste of the cheese was unique but tasty even with the grapes, which sounds weird but good. If you run out they will bring more ! Next the chocolate its was okay it did taste like Hershey too me but that's my opinion , the marshmallow toasting was fun and dies down quick so toast fast ! and dint stick anything straight in your mouth ( it will burn you up )! my hubby and i had one cocktail each nothing under 8 bucks in there and the wine glasses are small ! I love it as a special occasion spot but I cant see my self going back no time soon ,the cost is up there even with the discount but I had a wonderful time and happiness is priceless !
