With over 1,000 Yelp reviews there is not much to say about Hopleaf that has not been said already. I journeyed there tonight with my wife and a couple of friends and had a great time; awesome selection of craft beers and very nice menu with interesting, good quality food that is far superior to typical pub fare (and extremely reasonably priced to boot). Hopleaf has the vibe of being in a pub in Europe; it is a bit noisy but not uncomfortably loud. There is a large bar area, a back dining room and a small loft (as well as a beer garden for the warmer months). This was my first trip to Hopleaf in a while and the evening started off a little awkward when I was carded by the bouncer; as I am closer to qualifying for a senior discount than I am to being underage this was kind of a tacky manner to be greeted in a place that has the reputation for being upscale and sophisticated. During prior visits to Hopleaf I have had to wait for a table (it is a very popular venue), but fortunately tonight the dining room was not yet at capacity and we were immediately seated once our entire party arrived (it was a Wednesday evening around 6:30pm). My wife and I started off the evening with a round of their beers at the bar while waiting on our friends. Hopleaf has a vast beer menu and there is a nice description of each of the approximately three dozen beers on tap (with one side being U.S. beers and the other imports - mostly Belgian). Most are priced in the $6 to $7.50 range and all come with the appropriate style glassware. This is a place for beer aficionados; asking for Bud or Miller here would be akin to ordering water at Coyote Ugly. The bartenders are knowledgeable if you are not familiar with the beers, just let them know what kinds of beer you like and they will hook you up with something similar. They also are flexible with permitting you to sample a couple of beers before making your selection. I started with a Golden State Ale (brewed with poppy seeds) by Uncommon Brewers that was very good. I had the Half Acre Daisy Cutter Pale Ale with my meal which was extremely hoppy and delicious. Once our friends arrived we were seated in the dining room. For food our table wound up sharing several appetizers and the CB&J sandwich (Cashew Butter, Fig Jam and Raclette cheese pan fried on sourdough served with chips and stilton mac n' cheese). Appetizer wise we went with their famous mussels (which were steeped in a white ale sauce with shallots and came with a very large cone of fries), the Chef Martin sausage plate (served with bourbon pancetta beans), the sauteed veal sweetbreads (served with pickled beets and broccoli) and an extra order of the stilton mac n' cheese. With the exception of the sausages the portions were extremely generous and everything tasted great. The entire meal (including tax, tip, and a beer a piece) came to just $22 per/person, so really a great bargain for food and drinks of this quality. Despite mainly ordering just appetizers, the portions were so large and the food so hearty that we were pleasantly stuffed. Our service was pretty much run of the mill. No complaints as she was sufficiently attentive, the food and beverages came out at a decent pace and no mistakes were made with our order or tab, but neither the servers nor the bartenders displayed much charm or personality. They just were pretty much about business. Hopleaf is definitely among the better venues in Chicago for sampling a variety of craft beers and for upscale pub food. Due to their tendency to become crowded (and their no reservation policy) I recommend coming on a weeknight if possible or arriving early. Very nice overall experience.
