I emailed Hot Doug once to inquire about the day's specials, and he signed his reply "Sausagely, Doug." So I basically loved this place before I even got there. You have to go on Friday or Saturday for the duck fat fries, and keep in mind it closes kind of early, at 4pm. You can smell the fries before you even open the car door, and you gotta get used to it because the wait is usually at least 20 minutes. The specials menu changes daily. One time, they had Ale & Chipotle Buffalo sausage with Hard Cider mustard and Monterey-Jack cheese, Mediterranean Lamb Sausage with Red-Curry Garlic sauce and Feta cheese, and White Wine and Dijon Rabbit sausage with Truffle sauce Moutarde and Port Salut cheese. On my first visit, I didn't know the cash-only policy and nearly broke into tears thinking I couldn't afford the fries AND a sausage. Doug himself quickly wrote both items down on my order sheet, saying he couldn't have anyone looking that sad in his store. He cheerily took what money we could give him and told us to get some drinks and find a seat, never once expressing irritation with us. The order was out in a few short minutes, and the waittress was happy to dump an obscenely large order of the fries on our table. They didn't look like anything impressive but as soon as I popped one of the skinny delights, totally condiment-free, I was overcome by a flavor never this apparent in regular fries. They weren't the super-crispy texture I usually look for, but it didn't matter. They were dashed with grains of sea salt visible to the naked eye, a perfect complement to the smokey, earthy flavor. It was tough to halt my frenzied shoveling action with the fries, but my Apple and Cherry Pork sausage awaited, with Sweet Dijon mustard and Blue cheese, all drizzled with honey and topped with Griottes (tiny canned sour cherries). On another visit, I was slightly disappointed by the Reuben-themed corned beef sausage, topped with Russian dressing, Swiss cheese and saurkraut, but I think that's just because I'm not too fond of Russian dressing, and there was a lot of it. The fries alone are worth the wait, but this is one place I feel like I can order pretty much any specialty dog and walk away with a smile on my face.
