I agree with Nicole M. down there. I wanted to try this for my 20th birthday and booked a table for something like 8 to 10. The BAD SERVICE began when we got there. We only had 4 of us but we drove from a suburb an hour away and were all starving and also were willing to sit and start spending $ by ordering drinks and appetizers and when I called my other lagger friends to check in they all were still driving due to work and being lost so their delays were going to be 30 mins to an hour and a half! The point anyways is that I was not about to wait, on my Birthday for people who WERE not there when four of us were AND we made a reservation AND only like 3 tables out of the whole wide open floor were taken. It would not have killed them to seat us. It took them a reluctant 20 minutes to "check with their managers" as we complained to be seated. Other things that were poor: The service, (well again) they don't make themselves that available and I asked a busboy who walked byour table (once we were seated) becuase my waiter was never around (and it wasn't even that busy) if Birthday girls got a song or a dessert on the house and he said dryly "Well, if there's anything left over in the kitchen." I thought that was supposed to be a nice place not an Ed Debevics and my friend stated that "you get better service at McDonalds." Then when we asked to have our checks seperated our waitress glared at us all and stalked off and everyone at my table noticed and commented. And we noticed that gratuity was included already, hence her barely-there service and attitude probably becuase she knew she would get tipped anyway. Lastly I asked for my food to be wrapped to go home and we waited another 15 minutes and then when I asked they had totally forgotten and THROWN MY FOOD AWAY and offered to cook a new meal from scratch but I didnt want to spend another minute their after that 3 hour adventure. My best friend complained to the manager about the service and he just said "sorry" although I think he really could have done better so I complained to another manager myself and i got a woman and though she genuinely seemed sorry, again, they did not really fix the bad experience. We also all went home and experienced similar stomache-aches but maybe it had to do with the salt or cuisine, I don't know. The ONE GOOD THING: The decor and ambiance is very cool and unique and colorful. But is that really worth your time and money? No.
