Wow, ok, more than 1000 reviews...probably can't say anything new so just gonna opine on the food (and yes, i just said "opine"...is part of my mission to bring back under-used words). Everything that was cooked was absolutely fantastic. Mussels came with a rich broth that was great to sop up with the crusty warm bread. I heard they were trying to make their chicken the best in the city, and I have to agree cuz it was unbelievably juicy and flavorful (and apparently from a farm in central Illinois, yay!-sorta near where i grew up but don't think i've ever had chicken this good down there!) Also fries were kick-ass! suckling pig with collard greens was our least favorite entree but still really good. oh, and the king crab salad was served deliciously warm and crabby! Ok, now on to the not so good. the ahi tuna appetizer was a ridiculously small portion served in a ridiculously large bowl. it was served with grapefruit, which none of us really liked, but if you like grapefruit it'd probably be different. then there's the "taste of three hams" plate...i mean, it was tasty, but it was $21 for something you could get at a place like Whole Foods, or any somewhat gourmet deli/market. Pork rinds...have heard others raving about them. they were fried up nice and crispy, but as the bf said "it's like they took cheetos powder, mixed it with lime flavor, and threw it on pork rinds". hehehe, well luckily the hostesses graciously treated us to the pork rinds before we had a chance to order them, so he couldn't complain too much. which brings me to the service, our waiter was really nice, gave great suggestions on food and drink...i prefer liquors to beer, and he brought me this vermouth-y, soda-y, aged in oak barrel-y drink that was a much needed change from rum and cokes and vodka sodas...i loved it!! the only weird thing was that at two separate times, he took drink orders from the 2 guys at our table, but sorta ignored me and my girl friend sitting next to me. once i can understand, but twice...just weird to me maybe? so we had to be more vocal about wanting more to drink. great now i sound like an alcoholic. well he made up for it, he comp'ed that delicious drink cuz he had forgotten that i had ordered it! obviously no one else needs me to tell them this a great place to go, but if you do, i'd recommend the hot/warm dishes, not the ham tastings, and that vermouth drink aged in oak barrels. and maybe have a guy and girl sit on the same side of the booth?
