Mayan Palace Review Point #1 - Don't let the sign which otherwise might signal this is a cheapo, low-quality joint scare you away! Honestly, I think this could be the #1 reason people don't go here and/or know about it until I rant and rave for 20 minutes about it.. Review Point #2 - Go here....now.  I'm somewhat of a Mexican food addict and can say without a doubt this the best Mexican restaurant in the area. Yea, the front room is small and crowded (but mostly because people love this place so much) and the back room isn't an open-air patio and more like a covered tent (maybe my ONE complaint about this joint), but everything else is TOP NOTCH.. Service - nicest, most attentive service I have ever recieved, even compare to top-quality, five star restuarants. You will not wait long for anything, and the servers even tag-team with each other, continually checking to see if you have everything. Food - excellent. Guacamole is superb, always fresh, and I can say probably even better than that fancy tableside stuff you can get at the expensive mexican joint in Old Town on Wells (I won't name names..). Try the more traditional dishes, but really anything is good. My favorite is a traditional pork dish, the Chile Verde. Margaritas - good, not stellar in my view, but they just don't make them here like they do where I lived in Colorado so I'm a bit tough to please. Nowhere in Chicago have I found a GREAT margarita, so if you think you've found, let me know! They have a special on Tues and Thurs that packs the place so you know they must be pretty good. Overall experience - Awesome. Like I said, go here. I'll occassionally chat with the owner (usually after a couple margaritas so I can't remember his name at the moment) and tell him how great this place is. I hope they continue doing well and expand into a bigger space, while still keeping all the things that make this such a wonderful place. ....if you're interested in a great #2 in the area, try El Nuevo. Great patio, good food and service. Otherwise, not sure I'd suggest many other places in the Lakeview/LP area considering quality, price, and overall experience for what you pay for..
