My absolute favorite place to go out to in the city for drinks or for any reason really. Never go on a weekend because the service and drinks aren't nearly what they are on a week day, also the crowd is horrendous on weekends. My boyfriend I love to go on Sunday nights around 8pm when its nice and quiet and we can sit at the bar. I wish I could remember the owner's name, but he's always there on Sunday nights in the back bar and let me tell you he makes the experience. His drinks are perfection and he's always suggesting thing off the menu. His taste in music is extremely eclectic and he's introduced us to some great new stuff I would have never heard otherwise. Another thing I've learned from conversations with the owner is his concept. The reason there's a line is because theses are not your typical vodka cranberries and jager bombs, these are handcrafted drinks that take a good couple of minutes to make well. So, if you only have a certain number of bartenders making these beautifully hand crafted drinks you can only have a certain number of customers, hence the line. I'm a totally hater of bars with lines, but this is one that makes sense to me. If you want the line to disappear say goodbye to the tasty drinks. The weird hidden entrance is also there to weed out the wasted and unwanted, there's TONS of bars in wicker park for you to go to if you just want to get hosed and pick up a bed buddy.  So in short, best drinks I've ever had, best atmosphere I've seen in a bar, best food in a bar (the deviled eggs with pork belly are to die for). This is the way bars used to be and I only wish there were more like it in the city. A word on groups, weekdays are fine for large groups otherwise since they don't do reservations over the phone you have to show up sometime before your event and tell them in person how many you're expecting and you will get a reservation. And one more thing, last time we were in the owner had just gotten in "Old Tom" gin which he told us hasn't been available for like 90 years or something. Its a sweeter gin and its what used to make the predecessor to the martini, the martinez amongst many other delicious treats!
