Chef Rick Tramonto has a philosophy, "If you can't fix it, feature it."  That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard. Tru pretends like its still a top quality restaurant but it lacks in many areas that restaurants a quarter of the price excel. The menu despite being custom printed to celebrate a special occasion, didn't reflect any of the dietary restrictions that were identified when the reservation was placed, which immediately limited our order to one side of the menu. I ordered the salt soup, which would have been great if not for the overwhelming essence of lobster, a distraction from what was clearly the feature of the dish, the salt. The soup was topped with a lobster foam that was easy to inhale and made me cough. At least, you have to appreciate the creative combo though, lobster, lobster and salt; my palette was swimming in a flavor. Main course: Rolled cucumber and peach foam was well placed to hide the lamb, purchased at the end of the day from our neighborhood Jewel butcher. I know him, nice guy but tough meat. For desert the toffee pudding was excellent, I have to admit but if it was 6x bigger we could've found it at TGIFriday's (not trying to diss TGIF, just wondering if they share recipes.) The courses were peppered with complimentary bites one of which was excellent, the Anises Tea.  The abalone inside of a jelly floating in sake was just unnecessary. With bright lights, sterile walls and long white curtains against tall white pillars, if the patrons wore gowns open in the back it would've been indistinguishable from a hospital cafeteria. Coincidentally the hospital is across the street. The service, I don't think I've ever been asked so many times if I was done with my plate. Call me silly but if I still have the fork in my hand, there's your answer.  There are certain things one expects from a restaurant with such a reputation so in a way Tru faces a high bar but it did at least live up to part of its reputation, it is expensive. Another philosophy of Chef Ricky, "Ensure that guests are happiest right before they leave rather than when they arrive." Let me tell you, I was happy to leave.
