My friend swore by the Orange French Toast here, so I had no choice but to show my face here. My other friend, Chris K, swore by The Bongo Room, so it was a tough decision, but I'll hit that in my return visit next time. There are 2 locations, one here and one on N. Wells St. The skeptic that I am about 'chains', I was hesitant at first. We walked in on a Sunday at 10am. The hostess has a mic that resonates to the outside of the premises, for those who opt to wait outdoors (across it is the beautiful park). 10 minutes later, we were in. We sit down and are immediately asked if we want coffee. Minutes later, a request for more vanilla creamer. Turnaround time: 1 minute. Suffice it to say, the service was definitely not lacking here, albeit hurried. The decor reminds me of a Mac and Cheese joint, with orange yolk color ominipresent with a navy blue contrast. This place will satiate the hungriest of the hungry and the most finicky palates. I saw 7 crepes in the entree that someone ordered next to us, count them...7! Ordered: -Coffee ($2.34) - heard this was passable -Tou'De France ($9.99) - french toast 3 ways: lemon poppyseed w/ blueberries, orange w/ OJ sauce (it actually looked flourescent orange!), banana w/ banana slices - the strawberries were a nice touch, but the blueberries put this OVER THE TOP, the oj sauce was too sour IMO, all 3 were too thick and more like a pound cake (super thick) than a french toast IMO, not my cup of tea, but the plate reeked of fresh fruit, in a good way, this could pass for a dessert even -Side Canadian Bacon ($2.99) - you get 3 round pcs, saw the griddle char, just OK -South Benny ($9.99) - this had chipotle sauce over eggs benedict over an english muffin w/ bits of chorizo, tasted cumin in the chorizo, CRACKTACULAR for heavy brunchers, perfect yolk tasted like it was cooked sous vide style, a la super round and runny, delicious! -Yolk Tee ($10) - um, it's a tee Total came out to $45 after everything Pics: http://www.meetup.com/fo
