The huzz Alex N. took me hear for a surprise Valentine's Dinner....and as a foodie and Top Chef fanatic, I was thrilled to arrive at Dale Levitski's organic, local restaurant Sprout. Sara Nguyen, also on Top Chef, is his sous chef - bonus! $8 valet parking in an otherwise difficult-to-find-street-parking-in-the-winter area? Double bonus. The concept of the restaurant is great...$60 prix fixe, with the main ingredient listed as each dish's title, and the accoutrements sub-listed and left to your imagination of how they might be assembled. Ingenious. They had some V-day specials and we indulged: Alex N. - Truffle, The Game, Butternut Me- Scallop, Barramundi, Banana Favorites: My scallop was prepared perfectly - melt-in-your-mouth and paired with unexpected peanuts and popped corn. A-mazing flavor and texture combinations. The Game consisted of duck, pheasant, and a delicately spiced chorizo-style sausage over a bed of sauteed spinach and black-eyed peas. But my barramundi?! OMG I die. It might have been the most delicious fish entree I've ever eaten. Perfectly seared and flaky over a sunchoke puree with adorable baby mushrooms, celery, crisp apple and toasted almonds. It was like Thanksgiving stuffing de-constructed...in the best possible way. YUM. A refreshing vanilla, lemon shaved ice was the first intermezzo, and we also enjoyed a cheese course - a whipped, tangy goat cheese over puff pastry with an absolutely delicious pairing of Napa Sauvignon Blanc.  We enjoyed a reasonably priced light, rhone-styled French red....that was not on the menu. It pays to express what you're looking for! The waitstaff was kind and attentive, and I geeked out a little bit seeing Dale roam the restaurant. It was fun pretending to be Tom, making some snide remark, and Padma, raving about something being "delicious" through a clenched, unmoving (albeit beautiful) Botoxed face. Ah, I digress.  Bottom line: Head to Sprout, the exciting flavor pairings will surprise you in a wonderful way. Bon apetit!
