Dear Hot Doug's, First off i want to apologize, Yelp will only allow me to give you up to 5 stars.. but if it was up to me, i will give you infinity. When my friends and i planned out our vacation to Chicago, we knew we had to make room for this place even if it meant standing in line for hours. We got lucky because we came here on a Monday morning at exactly 10:29 a.m. and there are about 10 people in line already. The owner Doug greeted us with a smile and took our orders. We didn't have to wait too long for our orders. Here's what we ordered 1) The Paul Kelly-Bratwurst soaked in beer - This was ok,I feel there could have been more flavor to this but there wasn't much to it. i could kind of taste the beer but my friends can't. But i love the cheese the put on it. they put the brie and goat cheese on it.  2) The Rabbit- it was my first time having rabbit and it didn't taste like chicken as i expected.. It was a little heavy .. i didn't really like this one 3) the Cheesy atomic- This was one was very good, even if it was super spicy.. i ended up downing almost to cups of coke because it was really hot. The best part about this one is the passion fruit sauce they put in it.. it was so tasty, a perfect combo of spicy and sweetness 4) Curry Pork Sausage- this one was pretty good too, it wasn't as spicy as the cheesy atomic. but it still gave the perfect kick 5) cheese fries- i love their fries,, it tasted super fresh, but it's hard to eat it when you want to save room for their hot dogs. i love fries with the skin on it! and last but no least 6) Foie Gras and Sauternes Duck Sausage. all i can say is that this just totally melts when you take a bite. This is the type of food you don't want to share. You take your first bite and the next thing you know is that you are done. You can probably finish this in one minute. It's that good. i Highly suggest getting more than one, because you will crave for it the second you are done. i love this one so much.. i kept on thinking about it even in my dreams.  the next time i come back to chicago, i will need to try their duck fries..i need to find out what all the craze is about!
