I went to Graham Elliot for family member's birthday. First I have to say I was very suprised that they were unwilling to accomadate a reservation of 11 people, with out us booking a party room, and we would have a minimum purchase of $2500. I thought this was insane considering it was a weeknight. I figured most resturants would be more than happy to have a bigger party as this brings in more revenue for them. However this was not the case here, to top it off when we arrived the place was pretty much empty. People didn't start coming in until we left. Now for a resturant that charges an arm and a leg you would think that they would be a little more accomidating. I was just a guest at the dinner, but if it was up to me I would have cancelled the reservation and took my business someplace else. As far as the food, for starter I had the ceasar salad, which was not really all that. It was pretty much pieces of lettuce with anchovies on top with a piece of bread on the side. The bread was good, however I really didn't get to eat much of mine, as the waitress said that they are unable to give us an extra bread for my 8 year old niece. I was really supprised by that, we were more than willing to pay for the piece of bread, but she said no we would have to order a whole $15 crappy salad, just to get a piece of bread. Then I tried the pea soup, after reading all the great reviews on it. It was ok. It was good, but there was something about it that you could only have a sip or two of. I can't put my finger on it but no one at the table was able to finish the soup. Which was kind of suprsing because the portions are fit for a mouse. The main dish was great. I had the chicken. It was awsome. Everyone at the table pretty much devoured their dish. However it was not the least bit filling. Then on to desert. I had the pineapple, which was blah... I don't think anyone was really blown away with the desert. I must admit that the busboys were very attentive, and our glasses were always full. Everytime a dish came the waitress did come and explain to everyone what everyrthing was, which was somewhat annoying as everything she told us was on the menu. Overall, I must admit for the amount we spent (about $1000) for a party of 8, I am deeply disappointed. We could have easily went to another establishment and have been accomidated. For that kind of price I think we should have left full and satisfied, which we were not. I really don't care what tv show the owner/chef was on, he needs a reality check. Hey This is Chicago, the city of big shoulders, and real appitites.
