So...for this review I decided to wait and see if I was less irritated and my memories of a wonderful night were more blurred by time. Not going to happen apparently. This review should begin with me finding a great deal at this hotel, one within walking distance of an L stop, Navy Pier, and super close to my dinner date destination. I made reservations, gave a credit card number and everything. In preparation for my romantic weekend, I called the hotel to ask about parking and other random questions. I got all the answers I needed from a super helpful desk attendant and gave a rave YELP tip accordingly. Fast forward to the actual weekend. We parked in the adjoining parking garage, no breaks on price even though you're staying with the connected hotel, at 9AM and started our day around town. After trekking our butts around all day, we finally got to the hotel and started to check in. Since this was a surprise for the bf, I was in charge. Let me take this chance to say they checked me in as the wrong person. They took my name, double checked that with my ID and charged my card. They said they'd put a "hold" on my card until the next morning when the bill was settled, but online banking and handy text alerts let me know they charged my card 2 minutes after checking me into my room. The odd check-in procedure where they welcomed me back (I'd never stayed there before), tried to have a reservation for one (when there were clearly two of us; I said we were celebrating a late Valentine's for God sake) and looked down right confused when I said I'd only be staying for one night, should have tipped me off, but I was ready to take off my boots and sit the f*ck down. The person it should have tipped off was the desk attendant checking me in. Regardless, they produced two keys for an amazing room. The satisfaction on my bf's face alone was worth the hassle, so far. We got ready for dinner, the concierge called us a cab and we were out for the night. Fast forward to 1AM. The bf and I return from the best steak dinner and drinks we've had in forever, we're a little tipsy and ready to pass out, snuggle style. This hotel uses keys to operate the elevator, safety first, hell ya. So we use our keys and get to our floor. (Note: the keys work). We get to our room and try my key. Doesn't work. Maybe I'm more intoxicated than I thought. Try my bf's. Also doesn't work. Flabbergasted and quickly sobering up, riding down to the lobby. After a bit of chatting with the attendants, we find out there was a mistake and they checked me in as the wrong person so they'd have to CHECK MY ID to give me new keys to the room. Security is one thing, but YOU let me into your hotel, charged MY card and have ALL of my things in your room, which I can't access because of YOUR mistake. A few weird looks from the staff and two new keys later, we were back in our room. They slipped the bill under the door sometime in the morning and apparently that meant we were checked out. Though that was not apparent to me, so I spent 10 minutes waiting in line to check out, only to have them look at me like I had five heads. The bottom line: parking is super expensive (9am Friday to 2pm Sat = $146) and super convenient for the hotel. The hotel is beautiful and has a decent location, but the customer service leaves something to be desired.
