Do you enjoy being pampered, unbridled 5-star luxury, and prefer service being served with a smile? If you answered YES to any of the above, then The James is the place for you. This past weekend I spent my 23rd birthday in Chicago. After scouring the 'net for hotel deals (for some reason people avoid traveling to areas where it snows in the winter--being from Texas, I relish it), I came across The James at $139/night through http://Travelzoo.com. Alone this would be a total steal (rooms generally run ~$250/night), and ON TOP of that a $100 food/beverage voucher was included for use at either David Burke's Primehouse, their in-house bar/lounge JBar, or In-Room Dining (more on that later). A separate spiel must be made for their concierge service/staff. A week or so before arriving I had e-mail correspondence with Daisy (such a pleasure to communicate with), to have "The Anniversary" amenity (a bottle of champagne along with these delicious bite-size brownie morsels topped with raspberries) awaiting my guest and I in our room before arrival. However, when we arrived--the amenity was not in our room. Not a big deal, I called down and they had someone send it up in under 5 minutes. But, the little card to accompany the surprise was not included. Again, no big deal. Thought nothing of it. Fast forward to the next day, my actual birthday. My guest and I hit the town for the majority of the day, returning early evening. Upon entry, I notice the card from yesterday WITH a plate of cookies (how thoughtful, I say to myself). THEN, I turn the corner to find a plate of birthday cupcakes with my OWN card signed by the entire concierge staff? Yes indeed, the sweetness overrunneth. FINALLY, as my guest and I sit down to enjoy piping hot Giordano's (the best in the city)--there's a knock at the door. It's Mirna the head concierge to apologize for forgetting the card yesterday and for the delayed delivery of the champagne with a tray of breadsticks and ice-cold beer !!! How did they know this would be the perfect addition to our meal?!? I have no idea, I just know I love them for it. Other Pros: Kiehl's bath products. Luxurious. Nightly turn-down service. Stayed two nights, two different cookies on my pillow. Room Service. See below After spending a few bucks at JBar before hitting the town the night before, we still had the majority of our food/beverage voucher to use the next morning before checkout. We. Went. Crazy. James Omelette for me (tri-tip steak, mushrooms, truffle oil, asiago cheese), Belgian Waffle for my guest. Hashbrowns, ham, juice, milk, & coffee to share. In a word? Delicious. Best room service I've ever eaten. They serve 24-hours a day too, including an enticing "late-night" menu which I'm surprised my guest and I didn't take advantage of--I think we passed out on the 300-thread count sheets before we picked up the phone. Cons? That I had to leave. You'll be seeing me again soon, James. Thanks for everything, you were the perfect start to a new birth year.
