I'll start by saying that the food here really is unimpeachable. Every dish was surprising and inventive and technically difficult and beautiful and, on top of all that, delicious. The lowest points were merely very good, and the highest among the best few dishes I've ever had. It even winds up seeming like good value for money -- the night we were there the kitchen, which is open to the right of the entrance, was teeming with probably as many chefs as there were patrons in the restaurant. Swarms of them, bustling in relative order through the huge, open kitchen that looked surgically spare and clean. You're getting amazing food, it's obviously very labor intensive and difficult to prepare, and so you have to pay for the staff to make that happen. So why only three stars? This was the best overall food experience I've ever had, after all. The wait staff. Normally I don't discount stars for the staff, because it's the food that counts, but when you're paying THIS much money, it's important that nothing detract from the dining experience. You should feel comfortable and welcome and taken well care of.  We were in an upper dining room with only three other tables active, and about 4 or 5 young men -- early 20s -- working the room, and they seemed to think that whenever they weren't actively doing something for a diner, no eyes were on them. Giggling and evidently talking shit about paying-through-the-nose customers in the adjacent dining room; playing little private jokes on each other at the table that they thought were over the customers' heads; and just generally making the environment almost uncomfortable. It wasn't just sophomoric; it was fraterniacal, word or no word. It really seemed like they needed a floor manager or something, to keep them in line. These misbehaving children needed some supervision. The sommelier was one of these young guys, and while he was nice enough, we had the following interchange:  Him: Blah blah blah, wine pairings aren't scary, don't be overwhelmed, blah blah blah, we can customize the pairings depending on your tastes, we won't show you the food menu before you eat, blah blah blah, you just let me know and we can make something work together. Me: Great, yes, I'm definitely getting the wine pairing. Since we won't know the menu in advance, I'd just like to request that you make it as red-heavy as possible. Him: Well, see, there's a lot of fish. I don't really know. I don't really know if we can do anything. A pairing is really supposed to complement the food, you know. Me: Yeah, well. Maybe a pinot noir with one of the fish dishes? Seriously, just make your best effort and I'm sure I'll be happy. Him: Well, it will be really tough.... Wait, I know just the one! As the meal went, it turned out he was totally lying. He just poured me a bigger glass of the pinot noir that was earmarked for a lamb dish, with the fish dish that preceded it. Weak. Was it a good match? Yes. But purely by accident, and really what I wanted was variety, not just more of the same red wine. At the end of the day, maybe he should have just told me that he couldn't make substitutions, if he couldn't. We'd all have been happier. Overall the pairings were solid, with a couple that were really stellar (a madeira and a thick red douro, not a port). But did he even set the pairs? There were at least two sommeliers active in the restaurant while we were there, and I strongly doubt there were two sets of pairings. When we left, I was happy and full, and thrilled by the food. For most other fine restaurants we'd have paid around half as much and had food that was proportionally less-inspiring, BUT service that was just as proficient AND ten times more professional. Fix this problem, and this becomes a guaranteed five-star experience.
