I am erasing all those lovely, fine moments that I had experienced at Las Tablas prior to the new location...  Una GRAN Decepcin! (A Great Disappointment!) I had been to this newer location before, and the prices were a bit higher than the old, hold-in-the-wall location. Well now, the prices are even higher! I hope it's because they moved to this larger, nicer location and had to pay off their debt. Regrettably, I recommended that my friends and I go to Las Tablas versus waiting in line at Tango Sur. We simply wanted steak so I figured, "why not!" I also kept in mind that Tablas is larger in size. We arrived and had waited an hour versus the 30 that we were told. Recommendation 1: MAKE A RESERVATION! Once we arrived to the table, we noticed that there were 3 birthday parties. Perhaps this is why it took our waitress 20 minutes to attend to us. Once the waitress arrived, she apologized and was super sweet. They were understaffed on waiters, yet not water fillers/busboys.  We ordered different empanadas ($2 each--not bad) which were pretty delicious...Or perhaps this was because we were already starving and I had partially lost my appetite. We received our food about 45 minutes later (making our visit 2+ hours long). Their chimichurri is really what gave their items the flavor. I don't know why rice and beans doesn't come with every entree, but they don't (only the vegetarian or the "authentic" Colombian Bandeja Paisa platter). It didn't matter to me after I tasted the beans and rice and they seemed aged and sour?!?! How do these two get that way, no idea? The potatoes were undercooked, while the yuca was tasty. Recommendation 2: Don't BYOB unless you're aware of their BYOB policy: Only Wine and a corkage fee of $8 applies when it's not Monday thru Wednesday. Hell, I ain't going to pay for what I already paid for! Their sangria was lame, yet their mojitos were pretty tasty. Recommendation 3: There is a live band hidden in the corner. We weren't sure where the music and voice on the speakers came from until we left haha. But they played what sounded like Brazilian samba or Gilberto Gil. Not too Colombian if you ask me... On an end note, I will not return but would visit the other Colombian restaurant a few blocks north on Lincoln. Ay ay ay, It's was a sad, sad day for authentic Colombian food in Chicago.
