It's great that this place tries to support local farmers and all that jazz. However, the food itself is just not that tasty and quite boring. Our server was quite awesome, though, and he alone made the experience better. We started off with the Buzzy Bee (which was espresso, honey, and soy milk served over ice), and the Iced Dirty Chai Breve (which was chai, espresso, caramel torani, half and half, all served over ice). The drinks itself were mediocre, and the ice didn't help make it a cool and a refreshing drink. For entrees, we ordered Helen's Grilled Chicken Sandwich (Gunthorp Farm chicken breast, swiss emmenthal, red onion, tomato, sprouts, honey-mustard dressing, all on a hearth bread) - quite bland and it was just an awful chicken sandwich with no flavor whatsoever; the Slagel Family Farm Roast Beef Sandwich (which had an abundant amount of charred red onions, Cedar Grove white cheddar, an herb aioli, and a overly soft (and dampened by the aioli) bun)), and this came with the sweet potato fries - they were crispy, and dipping it into the goat cheese fondue was interesting, but not that spectacular; and the Prairie Pure Macaroni & Cheese (butterkase, Cedar Grove white cheddar, swiss, with a side of peach slaw) - it had dry breadcrumbs with no mixture with butter, so you were choking on the breadcrumbs and scooping it aside to get to the mac and cheese (which was quite dull and unflavorful as well). The peach slaw was just slices of peach with roddichio - not too exciting. I guess the dessert of the Crisp Peach cobber was what saved it, since that was mediocre at best. Since the cobbler itself was so piping hot, the honey ice cream just melted at a faster rate and you ended up with a gloop in your bowl. There is outside seating, so you can bring your canine friends along. They also have an organic farm on the rooftop on the weekends. One star for the great service, and one star for the semi-okay cobbler. Parking lot is available, so you don't have to try to find one on the streets.
