Rockstar Rick's presence in the city of Chicago may just be my favorite part of living here. His collection of restaurants situated all around this corner inspires me to gluttonous efforts every time I'm around. I knew that our supper club could not really move forward without checking Frontera off our list. It's not a simple endeavor. So, I decided to take this one upon myself. Here's the drill: doors open at 5 sharp (5:20 Tuesdays) lines cue up in advance and you can wait it out at the bar until your party arrives. They won't seat you until everyone is there, when you'll get the flashing buzzer. They also take a few reservations well in advance, which I've been able to score for Topolobampo, the more upscale twin next door (highly recommended). And so it was that after a short wait in the afternoon sun and calling out a lingerer that tried in vain to bypass the organization of the line, I was cozied up at the bar awaiting friends over a good book and better margarita. Personally, I like the Topolo and Blue Agave margs. They also have a huge selections of tequila. Our group arrived as the drinks flowed. Just grab one of the guys busily working the room and they will get you all set. Shout out to our man for bringing our next round and bill to the table to settle once we were on. That was a nice touch, not that they miss any here. The six of us settled in for a feast. We got a bunch of appetizers to sample: Guac, salsa and chips. Tomatillo, Chipotle and Habenero salsa. Ceviche trio, of which the Hawaiian tuna was the best of the lot. The jicama salad perfectly cooled the intense heat of the habenero salsa, which I always have to get to test the boundaries of pain. These were all great calls to start and you'll surely want to have at least one of those. Now when it comes to the mains here, you want to be adventurous. You can't go wrong with the rellenos, but if you're not one of the first tables of the night, they will already be gone. Rick's moles are what to get-trust me. Red chile-rubbed Gunthorp duck breast, Oaxacan mole coloradito (ancho chiles, sesame seeds, spices, Oaxacan chocolate), Iroquois white corn torta (sesame, hint of chocolate), grilled green beans. So many different flavors going on with this one, I loved it. The dayboat catch of swordfish at the other end of the table looked great and everyone enjoyed the cuisine. I was not about to leave without dessert and the Cafe de olla, fruity sugary coffee goodness. We got a few desserts and made short work of them, the tres leches cake and the chocolate pecan pie, which reminds me of a derby pie. Love the Kahlua topping on that one. Yummy. I'm almost forgetting about how cool this restaurant is. There are neat paintings and pinata looking dragons all around. The service was flawless and professional. They got to us quickly and though there was a good wait, excellent company passes it easily. You could always just snack on some small bites in the bar area and make a meal of that and the drinks and have a fantastic meal. I never did see the waiter with the wicked cool handlebar mustache that I've seen here for the last decade (where you at bro?). But, that hardly made a difference. For now, I'll just be content knowing that perhaps the best restaurant in our nation is right here in our town. Rockstar Rick we love ya!
