I cannot say enough about how much I loved Xoco. I have been waiting for just the right time to go check it out after hearing wonderful things. So last Saturday I was running errands downtown by myself and walked right past it a little after noon and thought, "Go! Now!" I got there juuuust before a big crowd came, around 12:15, 12:30pm. Even then I was in line for a good 20 minutes, but there was so much to look at and figure out, that I didn't mind at all. I picked up a menu on the way in and began to immediately salivate, reading over the descriptions. Everything looked so savory and spicy. I was so happy to see they served wine by the glass and cold beer in a cooler up front. I was in this wrap around line which looks right into the kitchen area. It was fun and informative to watch each order being prepared and garnished. I also liked that they stopped letting people order when there weren't any more seats. I knew when I placed my order that I would have a place to sit. I'm a sucker for soups and that day they were serving a Cream of Almond soup that had some spices and peppers it in. Oh man. Just the right amount of heat and tons of flavor. It was fun to sit by a window, people watch and sip wine as my food kept coming to me. Next up was the Cubana Torta. This had smoked pork loin, bacon, black beans, avocado, artisan Jack and chipotle mustard- WOW!!  Such simple ingredients yet such phenomenal taste! My mouth was in love with this sandwich. It came out hot and gooey and I ate it so so slow as to savor every bite. I had the 2nd half wrapped to go and walked around downtown for another 5 hours with this thing carefully lodged in my purse so I could enjoy it all over again later that evening. The staff was friendly and helpful. They had someone there at every turn to talk me through where I was supposed to go and inform me of what was happening next. I really appreciated that. I have kept the menu in my purse all week and have pulled it out a couple times on the train. While others read novels, I have been perusing the Caldos, Pepitos, Carnitos and Churros that will soon reside in my belly. Xoco, I will see you soon my friend.
