Our friend Lori LOVES Italian food - probably because she herself is part Italian and because she once lived in Italy, so I trust her instincts when it comes to taking us to Italian restaurants. I am happy to report that this one lives up to her - and our - expectations.  Pre-entree extravaganza: the bread basket was great and plentiful - and it is here that I will exclaim that this is hands down THE BEST focaccia that I have ever eaten. EVER. No tomatoes in or on it - just rosemary and perhaps some olive oil and garlic. It had a hint of sweetness to it which I had never experienced before. I am in love! Another thing I need to rave about right now is a side dish we ordered called caponata. OMG! I had no idea what this was and Lori explained that it is a Sicilian eggplant dish, a cooked vegetable salad made from chopped fried eggplant and celery seasoned with sweetened vinegar, and capers in a sweet sour sauce. This dish also had raisins in it and, while usually served cold, this version was served warm. TO DIE FOR! My friend ordered the insalata caprese which she loved. My partner devoured her insalata barbabietole comprised of local beets, shaved fennel, Imported buffalo ricotta, greens & citrus oil. I ordered the fried calamari served in a paper artichoke - perfectly prepared. Entrees: quattro formaggi ravioli ("Ravioli di "Piccolo Sogno"); 2 orders of spaghetti nero "frutti di mare" (string cut black spaghetti, mussels, clams, shrimp, and calamari with San Marzano tomatoes, green chilies); I ordered my favorite autumnal pasta - the exquisite cappellacci di zucca (spiced local pumpkin stuffed ravioli, brown butter, sage, walnuts), the leftovers of which I am looking forward to polishing off today for lunch. Oh joy! Desserts: I am a huge dessert fan but Italian desserts don't do a thing for me and nothing peaked my interest on their menu so I simply ordered the gelato which was very good (3 small scoops of choc chip, white choc, pistachio). My friends ordered the saffron panna cotta with caramel sauce and berries and pronounced it wonderful. Perfect cappuccinos. Ambiance: hip and happening environment with a beautiful antipasto table that screamed "EAT ME." The place was packed and thus really, really loud. Thank god we were in a side room in a corner with only a few other tables around us so we could attempt to hear each other. Service: good, although our nice waiter was swamped and didn't come to check on us with enough frequency. At least he had a number of busguy/table assts who checked on us. I do agree with a previous Yelp reviewer who mentioned a language barrier with the bus staff. This is true - when I passed a bus guy a plate to ask for some grated cheese for my partner, he immediately disappeared with the plate before I could ask him for the cheese. We laughed our butts off about it and simply got another plate when he returned a few moments later. Can't wait to go back! The caponata is calling my name....... Also - only $6 for valet parking. Fab!
