La-la-la LOVE! Date night at it's finest; perfect company (hi, Boyfriend!), and exquisite food. We were seated in the Stone Room - the front area of the restaurant so-named for its stone walls and brick floor. At first, I was concerned this area would be cold, but I had nothing to worry about. Our server was with us immediately to go over the drink list and menu. I ordered a "black IPA" - a beer with which I'm not familiar. I was a touch hesitant as I'm not a fan of IPAs, but we have to be willing to try new things, no? Good thing, too, as it was superb. Boyfriend and I went with the prix fixe menu (app, entree, dessert). Sprout threw in TWO bonus rounds - a soup course between the appetizer and entree and a cheese plate before dessert. The menu is quite fun. The "key" part of the meal is listed in bold with some of the ingredients listed to the side. If, however, allergies or aversions leave you less open to culinary surprises, just let your server know and they can describe the plate in detail and work around your issues. No such concerns? Do yourself a favor and leave the air of mystery in place. Before our food arrived, bread arrived at the table with a side of white bean butter. Um. Holy moly. White bean butter is my new favorite thing on earth. After the bread was gone, my inner-dialogue was something like this, "Don't you dare stick your fingers in the butter! You are a lady! Under no circumstances... QUICK, NO ONE IS LOOKING!" and I stuck my fork in the butter and ate it plain. Yes I did. Appetizer: egg, frise, pork, potato (per the menu's aforementioned air-of-mystery). First, I dare you to think of a food that isn't enhanced with the addition of a runny egg. Seriously, I would eat a runny egg on top of birthday cake. Egg = good eatin'. The promised potatoes were french fries. Let me assure you that pork + vinegar-y frise + french fry dipped in runny egg is psychotically good. You will lose your mind. For real. Soup: cream of cauliflower with paprika and chives. Perfect soup, perfect amount. Entree: pork, apple, shallot, cauliflower. The pork was cooked to perfection. Candied peanuts sprinkled across the plate provided just the right amount of sweet. The apples and cauliflower were bliss. Cheese: The smell! I die! Conversation at our table came to a screeching halt when this plate arrived. Farm cheese, apple, and the most amazing mustard I've ever had in my life. Like the butter above, I ate it plain with my fork when the cheese was gone. Dessert: Corn. No, for real, I ordered corn for dinner. I'm a proud daughter of Illinois, people! That, and I have this thing where I like to order the dessert that sounds LEAST like a dessert to see what the chef will do with it. Oh my word. This dish was a mix of brioche, ice cream, popcorn, and corn kernels drizzled with a carmel-esque sauce. Trust me, the texture of carmel-covered corn kernels is unreal. This dessert is pure genius. The best part? I'm going back with my sister next time she's in town (thanks for doing vegetarian options, Sprout!).
