Let me preface with the fact that I'm a big foodie and fan of Rick Bayless. So when this Mexicana from California knew I was Chicago-bound, I told my boyfriend we had to eat at Frontera Grill and pay homage to one of my fav chefs. That said, my expectations were really high, after all, it's Rick Bayless! I started with a house margarita at the bar to pass the time since it was a 1 1/2 hour wait (tip: make reservations) and when they brought my $9 margarita in what could pass as a kid's sippy cup I knew we were going to have problems. I snorted my margarita and quickly asked for a Tecate (thinking they had it on tap, like any good high-end Mexican restuarant) and the disappointment continued when they brought it to me IN A CAN with no frosty glass (hey Rick, they do have Tecate in bottles, you know). Ghetto (never thought I'd use ghetto and Frontera Grill in the same sentence...) We found a high (and super small)-table at the bar and since they serve the full menu there we decided to by-pass the 1 1/2 hour wait and just eat at the bar. We next ordered their carnitas taquitos appetizer hoping for redemption. They, along with their chips and two salsas were EXCELLENT. Redemption was found -- but only for a second. Our main courses came. I ordered the chicken mole enchiladas because mole is a complex sauce and can tell me a lot about the authenticity of a Mexican restaurant. The mole was good -- but it wasn't my grandmother's mole, that's for sure. I couldn't narrow down the spice that I felt overwhelmed the sauce -- it was either cumin or coriander. Whichever one it was, there was too much of it and I couldn't taste the infusion of chocolate and peanut butter that you're supposed to taste in a great mole. The plating was also very disappointing. They served the 3 enchiladas (which I have to admit was a very hefty portion, so that was good) with a heap of dried refried black beans. Boo! My boyfriend ordered the "tacos al carbon" and the irony was that HE didn't even know of Rick Bayless and was annoyed I was going to make him wait 1 1/2 hours for seating (but we bypassed that by sitting at the bar), yet his meal was the only hit of the night. The meat was very tasty and credit must be given to the amazing caramelized onions that brought out the flavor of the meat. His meal also came with some really good "frijoles borrachos". The tortillas were also very good, almost like my grandmothers. Neither of our meals came with rice so we ordered a side. It was the ONLY thing that I was tempted on sending back. I thought it was just me, but my boyfriend -- also a bone fide Mexican who grew up on Mexican food -- thought it was, how did he put it? Nasty. Again, they over did some kind of spice that I was not able to narrow down. Whatever spice it was -- DIDN'T BELONG IN MEXICAN RICE. Mexican rice is simple. You can't mess it up and when it does get messed up it's usually because you're trying to get fancy with it......remember folks, keep it simple. We finished with dessert and again, it was a miss. Flan is NOT supposed to jiggle like Jello!!!! Good flan is dense and rich, just like a custard. We ate the Jello, er flan, and said "check please." All in all, the food was "just okay" and came no where near in fulfilling the expectation I had for it. If in Chicago again, I would probably go back and give it a second chance, only because it's Rick Bayless and maybe his chefs were having a bad day...... Bring your credit card folks, our meal set us back $95 (with tax and tip). Hey Rick Bayless, message me on Yelp and I can debrief with you in detail!
