I felt like oinking on my way out as I grabbed my newly distended belly, waking up this morning and heading directly for an extra long gym visit. Calorie counters beware of this place! But my goodness, they are meaty, delicious calories. A few comments about the place. 8 on a Monday night is still packed and an hour wait. However a friendly wine sommelier/server offered to get us a cocktail while we waited outside on the numerous benches. I don't understand, if they are allowed to do this at these benches, why can't they have more tables out here? They certainly have the crowd for it. Only 2 WCs, unisex. Beware those with small bladders! The quarters in there (and in the restaurant) are a little tight. The decor is nice though. The Milano Manhattan cocktail is quite good, and strong. Quality ingredients were used. The pig ear with fried kale was excellent, and interesting. The ear parts were like little crunchy french fry things, and kind of tasted like a rich, salty pork rind. The goat cheese with beets and a pistachio vinaigrette was delicious - the pistachio was an original way to present this and complemented the rest perfectly. The bone marrow is more textural than anything - the best part of this is how they grilled and prepared the bread, added some salad, and the dash of sea salt. It melts like butter, the bone marrow. You really have to scoop it out of the bone. The pork shoulder, while amazing, was not the pork shoulder at Next for Sicily. Nevertheless, it was delicious and a decent portion. The turkey leg was huge and the accompaniments made it extra tasty. The hazelnut and banana panini is TWO SANDWICHES, perfect for two people, and was absolutely fantastic. Our service was perfect. The explanations were very high level and we asked some tough, Yelper-level questions about ingredients and taste pairings. They have excellent red wine selections and will help you pick pairings if you ask. Oink oink oink oink. I'll be back at off times for a bite or a drink. Followed by a 6 mile run. And then a second one.
