For my 1400th review, I decided to write it on a special place but it was unfortunately not so special for me. I heard recently it was rated 3 Michelin Stars, good for you I supposed. At the sake of what my friend hates people doing on Yelp, I seriously, desperately, crazily wanted to like this place. From Chuckeats to my foodie-tastic Yelp friends from home, everyone had been raving about this place and somehow I lucked out on scoring the last reservation on Independence day at 6 pm. Awesome! But that's pretty much where the good experience ended. I specifically spoke to the reservationist on the phone about bringing a fine bottle of $200 wine that I had been saving for this occasion. She neither mentioned their alcohol policy nor told me anything about my wine. Chicago is a BYOB centric town, so this was my expectation. When we first arrived, I brought out the bottle and one of the waiters stared at me and said "We don't do that here." It wasn't rude, it wasn't friendly, it wasn't polite but in the end he just looked at me like I was some dumb foreigner. I tried to explain that I had told the reservationist on the phone and no one told me it was a non-BYOB place. He got into an ARGUMENT with me over this, and in the end I had to say, you know, I will put it away. He basically captured the attention of the whole dining room area, so everyone was entertained I suppose. Classy. My goodness, if I were a restaurant that perhaps did not mention to the guest that they were not BYOB in a BYOB town, I would at least be nicer about it. Then, the food. We opted for wine because I wanted some but their choice was mediocre and the bottle was $100+ for .. mediocre. The food came, and it was a confusing string of random servers, not our server, and then our waiter changed, and then it was a waitress, and then I ended up having to ask for water 6 times. I expect this at Chili's, I don't expect to pay $600+ for a meal and have to ask them to refill my water when it's empty, not once, but 6 times. I expect consistency, the servers, the waiters, the people putting food in front of you. I expect them to know what they're talking about and if asked what the gelatin is made out of, I expect them to know. If they don't know, then they should ask and get back to me, not run away and not murmur a word. Who does that? Every dish was subpar because although it was elegantly presented, the flavors clashed, the play on traditional cooking did not work out and half of the time the waiters didn't bother to even tell us how to eat it. If you make it complicated with no instructions, perhaps we're not enjoying it correctly? In the end, even the main dish, the steak, I had high expectations, but mine was cold and the bf's was warm, hence ours were differently cooked thus did not taste the same even though we both opted for medium rare. When I got the bill, I just felt unsatisfied. I've been to restaurants fancier and pricier, I've been to other 3 Michelin stars and some 2 Michelin stars that deserve one more, but the food here did not do it for me, especially with all the confusion. The service was terrible, who argues with a guest and makes a scene in front of other guests? And the whole evening was stiffly subpar and awkward after the experience. Ugh. Will not be back. Will be heading to L2O this time.
