My wife and I reserved the River North Westin for our wedding suite and our wedding block for our out of town guests. While negotiating terms of the wedding block, were were told (in writing) that the bride and groom's suite would be upgraded if there was availability. We were ultimately placed in a small suite with windows facing an alley. It was hard to believe this was the "Deluxe" King Suite we book, yet the upgrade we were told we would receive upon availability, but after mention to the bellhop, he took care of the issue and made sure that we got upgraded to an awesome suite. Kudos to him. The major star deduction comes from how the staff handled an incident after the wedding. One of our wedding guests helped bring back a few of our personal items from the wedding reception to the hotel.  These items included a large Nordstrom bag and two box fans (it was really hot) which were left in the lobby bar with all the other guests as everybody wound down the evening. My wife and I weren't told that these items were left in the bar, and we didn't know to grab them, so they were left after the bar was closed, by ourselves and several other wedding guests. We have pictures from that night of these items in the lobby bar and inquired in the morning if they had them in lost and found (we were the last people to leave the bar). Management and security said that they did not have them so we asked if they would review their security camera as a large bag and two box fans don't just walk away. We received the run around from them many times and were never able to secure any footage. Multiple people also called while we were on our honeymoon including mother, mother-in-law, and maid-of honor, but they were unable to make any progress as to where the bag of valuables and box fans could have disappeared to. We have subsequently filed a police report which in attempt to file a claim with our homeowners policy. One would think that the River North Westin would try and take better care of their bride and groom who reserved a wedding block at their location. I've always been extremely pleased with Westin's in general but am extremely sour after this latest experience.
