I was so excited to try The Publican as a stop on my let's eat in Chicago tour that I've been taking. This night turned out to be even more special as my boyfriend became my fiance only shortly before we came to dinner. Magical evening indeed. This was a perfect place to celebrate our new engagement. It was probably even more perfect since my mom called to tell them what had happened and had champagne waiting for us AND she was somehow able to score us a private table which was amazing. (I'm not going to lie, I was bummed to walk in and see the communal tables. Any other night this would have been cool but we had just gotten engaged and I wanted to enjoy the boys company!!) However we scored a private table and were able to wine and dine and enjoy one another. I loved the feel of the restaurant, the service (from the hostesses to the server to the others helping out) was spectacular. Yes it's noisy but it adds to the excitement and I personally didn't mind the noise. We started with oysters and I was so happy that we got a little card telling us what each one was. (Not that I remember which was my favorite now!) They were all wonderful and the vinaigrette that comes with was awesome and I don't typically put anything but a touch of lemon on my oysters. The hamachi crudo was amazing, I love the crunch of the pistachios that accompanied the dish. The pickles. Oh the pickles. Seriously some of the very best I've ever eaten. I could have eaten an entire plate on my own. I decided to share the wealth with the boy however :) Boudin blanc was delicious. The mustard was spicy and wonderful and went so well with the sausage and the apples. At this point I had to slow down a bit so that there would be room for the rest of the meal! The sirloin was outstanding. I can't remember much about it besides the melt in your mouth meat and the sauce...oh and the cauliflower. I don't like cauliflower. It was one of those unfortunate things that I got sick after eating it many years ago (unrelated) and I just don't eat it. Tonight though, tonight the cauliflower reminded me that it's delicious and I should go back to enjoying it. Seriously people it was that good. I remember that over the meat. The final course was the pork belly and that was the way to end the meal. Best pork belly I've ever eaten. In fact I thought the boy was going to pass out from happiness. We sure didn't need dessert after this amazing piece of pork belly! I will fondly remember this dinner for ever, it was truly amazing and it happened to be on a night I won't forget! I highly recommend heading to The Publican!
