Went with a couple of girlfriends to check this place out and I will say it is definitely an experience worth trying but I'm not sure if I will be coming back again. I like to try different things and the drinks are definitely different. Each one that I sampled had a unique taste but not enough to keep me ordering the same thing so I tried 3 different kinds while I was there. Started with the Etiquette, made with a sparkling wine base, which was nice and refreshing and definitely a good compliment to the peanut butter banana bites that I had been dreaming about since I first saw the menu online. I will come back solely for the allure of those peanut butter bites! I didn't taste any banana in them but seriously the uber-weird combo of wildflower honey and crispy bacon bits on top of them was phenomenal! My friends refused to be as adventurous as I and did not sample these bites of deliciousness but that's ok because there was more for me! :-) The other drinks I tried were the Hummingbird, made with tequila though the tequila tones are muted by the other mixers, and the Hush and Wonder, which was un-noteworthy that I don't even remember what it tasted like (it was actually the second drink I had so it's not that I don't remember due to inebriation!). Anyway, we stayed longer than I had anticipated considering we arrived around 7pm on a Friday night (I didn't feel like waiting in line) and spent a bit but that's ok. The decor is pretty cool though it is very dark and difficult to see the menu but this just makes it a great place to go on a date when you're having a "bad skin day". We were moved from one of those "shared" table with the high backed chairs to a booth later on - I do prefer the booths - very roomy and you don't have neighbors hearing your conversations. Bathrooms are unisex with "house rules" posted above the toilets and yes, I was asked to go outside to complete my phone call. Leave the cell phone at home here. Before we left the ladies ordered those chicken teriyaki sammies but I was most definitely not a fan. I don't know if it was all the acidity from the drinks but the teriyaki taste was way too much and too salty and just really bad. On the way out, walking from the middle room through the first to the curtained off exit, we were assaulted with a horrid stench of vomit in the front room. They lost a star for that. I don't know how people in there didn't notice it but that smell made me think we were walking down Halsted by Beaumonts and I'm definitely not in college anymore so after spending that kind of money it was pretty annoying.
