Just about everybody knows about this place by now. Yeah, it's cheap. That's probably the first draw to most people. You walk in and realize you can get a huge falafel for under 4 bucks, you're immediately tantalized. I always get the same 3 items. Falafel, spinach pie, lentil soup. I'm not even a vegetarian. That's just the cheapest shit on the menu and I know it's going to be good. I have to agree with some of the other recent reviewers. The attitudes flying around there lately are piss-fucking-poor. Everybody is just ridden with angst. On my last visit, the only employee who was even polite was the one who was working the hardest: the guy actually preparing the food. He was cool. The cashier. Maybe they need to put a chair up there so she can sit down and take a load off those bunions. The busser was just wandering around, fixed gaze to the floor, carrying empty trash bags, trying to look busy. Morale was very low. They were serving up Tension as a free side dish that day. And it was such a beautiful day. Maybe that was precisely the problem. I've always wondered why they don't stay open later, at least on the weekends. They would rack up on the bar crowd. But now I think I understand why they don't: they hate their own location. The customers get more lame and douchey all the time. White people get saltier and complain about more and more little shit every day. If they were to stay open later, somebody there might just snap. Like the first time some drunk asshole pukes on the salad bar. Forget it. Maybe they should only be open for lunch. Close at 4pm, before the office crowd has a chance to stampede in there and desecrate what once was a respectable stalwart of the "6-Corners" pantheon. They've tried to raise prices, but people keep bringing in more money. Insanity. Whatever. I understand what is to harbor disdain for your own customers. So I am always very polite, yet succinct and sensitive to the M.O. of the place. I rarely have a problem, personally. But I have noticed a few problems that are glaringly obvious: 1. Figure out what you want BEFORE you get to the front of the line. Don't make the poor lone wolf behind the glass wait for your indecisive ass to stop cutting up with your buddies (or finish your phone conversation) and pay attention already. 2. Put a tip in the jar by the register. Yeah, I know you're not getting table service, but you are getting service nonetheless, you cheap fuck. 75 cents or a dollar is not going to matter to you 10 minutes from now. Really. 3. They obviously care a lot about recycling, with all the different bins and all. Try to help them out. Most people understand the difference between "Paper" and "Plastic." "Compost" is organic material, i.e. lemon rinds, bones, the leftover rice or salad you couldn't finish. Think: pig trough. On a side note, I was confused as to what I should do with my empty styrofoam soup container, as it clearly did not belong in any of the labeled compartments. So as any conscientious, self-respecting white person would have done, I left it on the counter top for them to figure out. I know. I'm a dick.
