Just came back from Sabatinos and had one of the best old-fashioned down to earth Italian meals! When you want traditional italian then go to sabatinos. I was drawn to this restaurant because it said on the menu that they have gluten-free pasta available. Not only do they have GF pasta but they can make most dishes tailored to your GF needs. I got to order eggplant parmigiana- they made it without the flour/breadcrumbs and it came with a side of GF pasta. AMAZING!!! I haven't been able to order eggplant parm since I was diagnosed with Celiac's over a year ago. The flavors were unbelievable and my aunt had the regular (with gluten) eggplant parm and my husband tried both. He said he could barely taste a difference. The meal also comes with soup AND salad. I had the spinach and egg drop soup which I thought wasn't really Italian but I was proved wrong. The tastes were mouthwatering from the first drop. The salad was a typical house salad but, hey, it came with the meal so I'm not complaining. I ended the evening with Spumoni- typical Italian ice cream and while it was small it was packed with flavor. I was actually too full to even bite into anything else so I welcomed the small portion. However the rest of my table orders the Profiteroles which were 3 huge pieces smothered in fudge and as no one at my table was talking at this point- I could tell it was too good to even take a moment to breathe. :) The waiter was incredibly entertaining and accommodating. He even had the owner stop by to double check our special orders. (my uncle cannot have nuts, soy, or shellfish.)  This is definitely a neighborhood joint that is more for the 40-60 year crowd but I do not care one bit. The food is way too good to be intimidated by the crowd. Plus, the bar is fantastic and all the waiters and bartenders wear these tuxedos like you would have seen in the old 'Roger Rabbit' movie. I ordered a cosmo and wow was that worth the $11. At first I thought 11 was a bit pricey for where we were but once I took I drink I knew why. Hello vodka!  I have nothing negative to say about this restaurant. The atmosphere is lively and the food was top notch!
