My review from http://yelp.com: I don't get to vacation too often. I think the last one I went on was 5 years ago. Earlier this week, I stayed here for my very first grown-up-all-by-myself-vacation. I booked a room for 4 nights two months ahead of time so I could get a really good rate. I only spent $89 a night. I booked through the Embassy Suites Hilton website, not through Orbitz. For a Downtown hotel, I wasn't expecting too much. And I was a bit frightened that it would be a bit gross. Apparently, that was NOT the case here! This is one of the best hotels that I've ever stayed at! I know it's not super-fancy, but it exceeded my expectations! I stayed in a 2-room suite with a flat screen tv in the living area and one more flat screen in the bedroom, a sofa-bed in the living room, Crabtree & Evelyn shampoos and soaps, plentiful towels, 2 additional sinks (one in the bedroom and another near the microwave and fridge), self-fluffing pillows, a very clean bed with clean, soft sheets, free cooked to order breakfast and a free 2-hour evening reception at the hotel bar! The free breakfast and the evening reception isn't over the top, but it's free! I'm so happy they at least offer it! The breakfast was very good; you can choose what kind of eggs you want or get an omelet, and they also sausages, bacon, pancakes, biscuits and gravy, cereal, english muffins, donuts and other baked goods, fresh fruit (melons, bananas), yogurt. They had an awesome selection in case you don't want what they are cooking. I personally thought the omelets were pretty good. And there is a swimming pool, jacuzzi, and sauna. The kitchen staff, bartenders, and housekeeping staff were all very nice and they made sure I was taken care of. Seriously, who could ask for more?!?!?! There is only 1 downside, wifi isn't free. It's $14.95 a day. It is free if you are an HH member. But it is worth it if you pay in advance for a lower room rate. I would definitely come back again and again for a quiet weekend. Or maybe a week. I love that Fox & Obel is around the corner too in case you want gourmet eats without spending too much $$$. But that's for another review....
