I wasn't going to review this place until I'd been more than once, but I figure it's taken me years to get there; who knows when I'll get back? The place was busy when we got there and within a few minutes of being seated people were lined up out the door. To be honest, nothing I tried quite convinced me that waiting in line for this place was worth it. The spicy cabbage that comes to the table gratis was tasty but much hotter than I liked. Never mind that, you can't like everything in a restaurant, right? The pot stickers that we split as an appetizer were excellent; really tasty. I opted for one of my favorite dishes, twice-cooked pork. The menu said "fat" and honestly, I should have paid attention to that warning, but I'd had the dish many times before and it usually had a nice edge of fat which could easily be removed before eating the lean part. Well not at Lao Sze Chuan. The pork was 60% fat and 40% lean. It had the right amount of heat, and was made with leeks instead of cabbage and scallions the way I'm used to eating it. That change didn't make too much difference to me, but the fat was a problem. Also a problem was the fact that the dish was WAY too salty. Not I-can't-eat-this-salty, but far saltier than I like (and I like the stuff.) My dinner companions were disappointed that I was not enjoying my meal, but it happens. I could've sent it back and said "Too salty" but I'd still have gotten a plate of fat in return. I figured, why bother? I did taste the dry chili chicken and it was very good, and the pig elbow -- one of the specials of the day -- which was tasty, too. The service was so-so. The dishes came out with big lags between each, presumably because it's expected that you'll share your food, but if that's the case they should ask first. It would have been much nicer if we could all have eaten our entrees at the same time. So why three stars? Because: 1) I should have paid attention to the menu. It was my fault that my entree was unpalatable because of the fat. The salt was their fault, but it was kind of a minor thing by comparison. 2) The other things I tried were tasty. 3) Our waiter really did try very hard. When I go back, I'll do an update. I hope the star level will go up. I suspect it will.
