OMG! Was this place GOOD! I work in the area and have been there a few times for carry out and every time i went in they would offer me a seat at a table and bring me some Ginger Tea while I was waiting for my food. The place is very clean with pretty paintings and a wonderful display of fruit on one wall. Everyone seems to be very nice and attentive. One day I was leaving work to pick up my girlfriend at the airport and I brought her a Grilled Chicken Banh Mi Sandwich and after she finished it, said, I would like to go and try this place again. So we did! And, BOY was it good! It was better than good it was GREAT! We walked in and got greeted very warmly as usual. We decided that we would have the lunch special and a Banh Mi to go for later. I ordered the Tofu & Eggplant and my friend ordered the Basil and Jalapeno Beef which comes with soup, salad, egg roll, steamed rice, drink , and dessert. All for under $10!!!! So here we are ordering our food and my friend asked for an ice tea and I asked for the hot tea but she changes her mind and changes her order to the hot tea. When our drinks come out, not only did we get what we ordered, they brought her the ice tea that she originally had wanted! This was just the beginning.... So here we are sipping on our tea talking and catching up on life and out comes our soup, salad and egg rolls. Soup was very fresh tasting and not too salty, it was just right! And out salad was very nice too. Egg rolls were so good I wanted more but knowing that we still had our main course yet to come I just ate what was there. As we are about to finish our first 3 courses, out came a dish of Spring Rolls that we didn't order. Our server told us that he wanted us to try it and told us that the sauce was very good and good for us and not to be shy about dunking the rolls in to get plenty of it. So I sure followed his suggestion and did so. It was very good. I usually don't go heavy on sauces but he was right, it did taste great with lots of sauce with the peanuts mixed in. Out came our meal that we had order and we were almost full by this point but we continued to eat cause everything tasted so good and fresh. And for dessert we both got fruit plates. There were orange slices and cantaloupe chunks on them. Probably the best tasting oranges and cantaloupe of the season! So here we are stuff to the max with delicious food and we get our banh mi sandwiches all packed for us to leave with. (There was more fruit in the bag!!!) We ask for our check and the server says there is something in the kitchen for us to try. It was dessert. More FOOD?! What? Yes, they made is their Fried Banana with ice cream!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is where the OMG comes in. Let me tell you, we ATE that Fried Banana and Ice Cream and enjoyed it! It was SOOOOOOOOOOO Yummy! So back to the check, it was $27 and some change. O_O Yup! We got the best service in town and some of the best tasting Vietnamese food for $27!!!!!!!!!! What more can I say....
