Honestly - was SOOOO excited for this meal. I was in Chicago with my boyfriend last Veteran's day weekend, and we decided to splurge on this meal. After being snubbed by a stuck up host and told we would need to wait two hours, we actually were pleasantly surprised to have been seated in about an hour. After all was said and done, it was a total letdown. Never regretted spending $150 more. Let's go through it step by step: 1. Chips and salsa - the chips were decent, you could tell they were freshly made. That's pretty much where it ends. The salsa was bland! I've made better salsa at home. 2. Guacamole - B-L-A-N-D. not a chili pepper in the whole dish. Onion was used for garnish, not flavor. We used the lime garnish off our drinks AND added salt just to make it edible. 3. Mole enchiladas - one note - sweet. No depth to the flavor, barely any spice. Any good mole is supposed to be a revolving flavor experience (sweet, spicy, creamy savory). Not this sauce. It wouldn't have surprised me if someone said it came out of a can. or jar. Not to mention - the chicken inside the enchilada was not seasoned AT ALL. It basically tasted like it had been boiled and shredded. Our local family mexican restaurant in Long Beach makes better mole. 4. Steak - ok, nothing amazing. It was cooked properly. Definitely better than the mole (although we've already established that bar was pretty low). This steak came with another salsa - tasted like it may have been a fire roasted tomato salsa. It was ok, but also bland overall. Needed some heat. The best thing on that plate was the sweet corn tamale. That being said, it was only marginally better than the sweet corn cake you get with every meal at an El Torito in California. 5. Dessert (yes we ordered dessert - still waiting for the magic to happen) - chocolate pecan pie. Utterly forgettable. Clawingly sweet. Dry crust. So sad to have walked away from this meal with this experience. Based on this, we would never eat at a Rick Bayless restaurant again. At the very least, the food should be on par with your average family mexican restaurant on the west coast. Considering the price point and the reputation, it should have been amazing. It was not.
