Wow. I feel as though my mouth just got laid. Honestly, this place is fantastic. We had to get there right at 5:00pm at opening on a Saturday night, still waited about 45 minutes (they only take about a 20% reservations rate), but completely worth it. My husband and I enjoyed a killer mojito at the bar, then were seated downstairs. I highly recommend eating in the lower level instead of the main dining room, which is so loud you can't carry on a conversation. Our waiter was pleasant, amicable and knowledgable. We never felt rushed, and after sauntering out 3 plus hours later, we vowed we would be back soon. OK the business here: THE FOOD. I had extremely high expectations after watching Chef Bayless on Bravo's "Top Chef Masters", and was anticipating a major let-down because of all the hype surrounding the Bayless food empire in the local news lately. We started with the shrimp and calamari ceviche, so beautifully presented in a martini glass and silver tray, both set with banana leaves. The seafood was absolutely divine, no "fishy" flavor, just fresh and light-tasting, lime, red onion and microgreens. It makes every other ceviche I have ever had taste like swill!!! Next app was the Queso Fundido Clasico, with house-made chorizo (YUM), green peppers. onions and homemade torillas. So drippy and oily but damn flavorful. My husband wanted to lick the plate, but we refrained. :P Our entrees were the mushroom and corn vegetarian plate with sunflower shoot salad and the duck breast with Oaxacan mole and a dark green (I think it was Swiss chard or kale). I ordered my duck cooked a little longer than normal - the waiter said it was usually medium-rare, and I asked for medium) and it was perfect. The sauce was complex, subtle, but enriching everything....I was expecting a spicy, knock-out, overpowering sauce, but I was completely floored and mistaken! The greens weren't at all bitter, and the vegetarian entree was so inventive and surprising. Who would have thought that you would find sesame and pumpkin seeds in this kind of cuisine???? For dessert, we had a wonderful bread pudding topped with a carjeta (goat's milk) ice cream and a piece of chocolate pecan pie with impossibly flaky crust and Kahlua whipped cream. Speaking as a Southern girl who knows her way around pecan pie, it's simply not fair that a Yankee Mexican restaurant in Chicago should have the best pecan pie I've ever tasted. If you think that Mexican food is all about some mystery meat wrapped in a tortilla and disguised with cheese, then you need to visit Frontera. The food is phenomenal, the staff are great, and it's wonderful to see a high-profile chef like Rick supporting so many farmers and vendors committed to sustainable ingredients. GO NOW.
