I should have written this review months ago! I went to the Chicago q during "Restaurant Week" and I have been a fan every since. First the service was great the waiter was just so nice and I always like when I get a waiter or waitress who doesn't seem like they are getting upset that I am asking a lot of questions. I couldn't decide if I wanted St. Louis or Baby Back ribs and to be honest I really didn't know the difference well our waiter explained the different cuts and he smiled and asked did we have any more questions. While we were there he didn't hover over us but he did come back from time to time to make sure everything was okay with me and my friend...I loved that!!! When the food came out it was hot, it was presented on the plate like a Masterpiece and I absolutely loved it! The serving were big enough that two people could eat from one plate so my friend and I ended up taking a big doggie bag home and the leftovers were just as amazing! Now, the price is on the higher side but as I said the servings are enough for 2 so if you are on a budget you can try a few things with a friend and share...trust you will get full!!! The mac n' cheese was one of the best I have tasted at any restaurant I have been in and I am being honest I wasn't expecting much and I got the surprise of my life it was well worth the 6.75 that we paid because we got 4 servings from the order. The beef brisket melted in your mouth and it was an explosion of flavors that made my tongue and my feet do the happy dance...that is always a good thing. The ribs were tender, the cornbread was delicious and I am a happy camper!!! I hope to go back for my birthday next month! To top it off was the wonderful and cute dessert my friend got which was milk and cookie, I got the key lime pie...now to be honest the pie wasn't my favorite I like a more dense key lime pie instead of creamy but if you prefer creamy then this is the pie for you. All in All it was a great experience and I would recommend Chicago q to everyone!!
