i love ethiopian food. like, really, REALLY love it. mostly because it's easy to make gluten free by simply asking for black injera, or injera only made with teff, which is a gf-friendly grain. but also because of the spices - i love all cuisines which involve complex flavours combined with heat. while my heart belongs to ethiopian diamond, the first ethiopian restaurant i ever ate ethiopian food at so many years ago (like when it first opened!), i've also come to realise each ethiopian restaurant is slightly different based on regional affinity. each restaurant does "it" just a bit differently. what you love at one place, you don't find at another. what is not so great at another is fantastic at the other, etc. also, i realised having these silly, rigid rules about where i eat is just plain limiting. i'm only denying myself new food experiences and discoveries. the food at demera is tasty. there, i said it. the flavours are all present, but the portions are smaller than ethiopian diamond. the presentation is typical of ethiopian food, all your choices set out in array on a large tray of injera with a salad in the middle, though i was disappointed to taste the dressing as just plain old italian dressing. i'd only been for dinner once, when it first opened. i can't say i was impressed but again, my standard is ethiopian diamond and i was still in the mindset that ONLY ethiopian diamond is the standard. once my boyfriend discovered they deliver, we started ordered from them when we were too lazy to get in the car to go to ethiopian diamond. we have yet to be disappointed. specifically, the combination dinner, in which you choose 3-4 items is perfect for two, maybe even a bit too much. but it's perfect with red wine, sitting on the floor eating on the coffee table while watching netflix goodies. for lunch this past friday, i figured we should try the lunch special. $7.95 is a deal, am i right?! considering a steak burrito bowl with guacamole at chipotle is almost $8, four items of your choice on a tray of injera is much more interesting than what any fast food chain can offer. in my opinion, at least. the best part is you get to choose four items from a list of 10 items, all varied and made up of vegetarian and meat dishes. between the two of us, we had eight items and we ate like kings. for $7.95, you get A LOT of food. our waitress, aside from being beautiful in the way that only ethiopians are (those amazing eyes, the soft, curly hair, that incredible glowing skin tone), was more than friendly - she was genuine and sweet. i like waiters and waitresses that smile and sad to say, sometimes it can be hard to come by. she offered us tea at the end of the meal, a spiced chai of sorts, very clovey and really lovely, which was the perfect end to a really filling meal. so all this say, i'm a fan. it's just a few blocks from home, it's conveniently located a half block away from the lawrence el stop and the food is tasty, the service friendly and the atmosphere open and welcoming. plus, lunch for two at less than $15 is more than cool. it's fantastic.
