*Drinks/Bar In town for my significant others conference and I go by the motto that when in Rome, do as the Romans do. So to gett'er done, we had to get some deep dish pizza and some good ol' Chicago crafted brew. Gino's East and Goose Island to conquer this quest! The line outside was absolutely ridiculous but the hostess said we could check the bar if we wanted. I love a good bar top and luckily enough a few people were taking care of their tab so we sat right away. Lively bar area and friendly locals mixed amongst the tourists. Beer was a reasonable price. *Food The unreasonable price was what I paid in my time waiting for this mound of meaty pie. Thankfully the bartender gave us an estimate so we knew how long of a wait we were in store for. We knew it was going to take awhile but we came in only slightly hungry and by the time the deep dish arrived we were starving. This deep dish pizza is better than Uno's and I hear mixed things about its quality over Giordano's (which I am sad that we did not get to try). What I really like about Chicago style deep dish versus California deep dish is the way the crust is done. I think it's cornmeal or something. I'm more of a New York style girl when it comes to pizza but if ooey-gooey- goodness is your thing then Gino's East is your place. Since I normally order thin crust, I was thrown off by the size for sure. I feel like there should be a warning like in the side mirrors of a car... warning: objects are larger than they appear. *Service/Ambiance This is a family friendly place and a friendly place in general. There is "graffiti" all over the walls along with various artwork and article clippings about the restaurant. There is plenty to see and plenty of people to talk to while you wait in line to get a table and then when you wait again to get your pizza pie. *Overall Have the time to wait if you plan to eat here. Great for a lazy day when you want to take things slow and just enjoy your surroundings. This is a better bet than Uno's so waste your time here and not there. Rating: 3.5
