Tonight, we had a reservation for four with two of the $25 for $60 Groupons. We had been here before and my wife loves it (mostly the ambiance) but I always thought it was overrated and overpriced. But the Groupons were great and its fun to go with friends. This place is super pretentious; we got attitude from the hostess and the owner/manager but the bartender was great. The Groupon had a "one per table rule", but we didn't know that before we bought them - it had no stipulation on the advertizement. The meal was what it was: interesting and fun, but basic and simple. (Veggies and raw meats) After getting the bill and attempting to redeem our Groupons, the waiter announced that we could only use one for table - even if we were getting separate checks. I asked for more explanation about the "one per table" rule because if our friends sat at the table next to us, we could have redeemed it but if they sat with us, they couldn't. The waiter suggested that we speak to the manager; he came over and tried to be super intimidating. I asked him about the rule and asked for more explanation. He proceeded to rant about how it was the policy, pure and simple, how he had already redeemed 24 of them and how he couldn't afford to redeem all these Groupons and how he was losing all this money and couldn't afford to make an exception for us. Because I still didn't understand the rationale, I asked him again to explain how it is that if we were getting separate checks it wasn't the same scenario as if we were sitting at separate tables. If it was a point about the bottom line, the guy was going to get the same amount of money than if he accepted than if our friends had sat at a table next to us. He proceeded to be super belligerent; I informed him that I was not pleased with his response or attitude and notified him that I would likely not return - even if he did redeem the coupon. He then rolled his eyes and made some incredibly condescending remark and walked away, saying that he would work it out "if the sixty dollars was that important to me." I was very disappointed with his unprofessional behavior and his unwillingness to have a genuine conversation and explain the rationale for the rule to a patron.
