I took Dan here for his Birthday dinner. It was near the bar where I was having his party. They do not take reservations for parties less than 6 so know that you will be waiting, but we got there at 6:30 and we didn't have to wait. I found out this place is BYOB only on weekdays, but trust me get the cocktails are amazing. Our waiter Gabriel came to our table and he was a waiter Rockstar! He made this experience so worth it because he was engaging and listened to us. We were thinking of trying the refajo - Combination of light beer and "Colombiana" Colombian soda, but Gabriel said it was so sweet. I got the Sangria and Dan tired this very strong but tasty drink. The name is stumping me. We started out with the Grilled Mariscos Combination and if you love seafood you will lick the plate. The shrimp, calamari and baby octopus are char-grilled and the marinade compliments the dish. WOW. Gabriel told us to get Combinaciones 20.00 or just the Entraa Skirt Steak. We were thinking of getting the Picada Colombiana (serves two) - 38.00 but he said that you get more carbs and less meat. He said you got more meat with the Combinaciones and get to choose what meat you want. There was two sauces - Chimie Churie (I know I butchered the spelling) that were brought out that Gabriel went into detail about how one was mild and what was in it and the other was spicy. I was glad because I am not a fan of Cilantro and the spicy was mated with it. Dan and I went with the Combinacinoes but I went with the Chicken and the steak and Dan with the pork lion and the Steak. We ordered another drink and Gabriel suggested the Kiwi Mojito and I was like.. mmm are you sure I hate really sweet. He said trust me and I will tell them to not add the sugar. Well all his suggestions were so tasty so I went with it and WOW. The Kiwi Mojito with no sugar was so good that I was shocked that Kiwi and mint and no sugar tasted so magical. I was amazed that they altered my drink to have less sugar.. major points! So satisfied with the drinks our food came to our table and OMG. I took a bite of the steak and I was in food heaven. The seasoning or whatever magic they put on the meat made me smile. The carbs (potatoes, yucca, and plantain) were not seasoned and meh. I wasn't impressed, but the meats were yumm yumm yummy. At the end of our dinner, Gabriel had a birthday flan presented on the table for Dan and didn't charge us for the desert. Dan and I loved Las Tablas and will be back again. The brown line is a bit of a walk but trust me so worth it.
