I was very excited that Fogo was doing restaurant week last year (2010). However, I didn't realize until after we got there that their restaurant week prices ($44 for dinner) are only $5 off their normal price. Fail. Isn't the point of restaurant week to try and entice diners to come back and pay full price for your menu? For full disclosure, two years ago we went to Brazzaz for restaurant week. They did a $35 dinner, which seems much more reasonably priced. We thought it was good, but everyone raves about Fogo so we had to try it. We made a reservation but still had to wait about a half hour. First strike. They directed us to the bar, which was similarly crowded. We couldn't sit down, but one of the waiters still offered us a bread basket, which was nice, but were we supposed to hold it in our hands along with our drinks? Also, I sent by boy to the crowded front of the bar to order drinks with a request for a mojito. The bartender basically pushed him into ordering 2 caprihinhas, mostly it seemed because they had those pre-mixed, so when dealing with a ton of people I guess they try to push this "signature" drink. It was alright. The boy got a strawberry version of it that was much tastier. We sat down at our table and decided we would get a bottle of wine because we were in a splurgy mood. Now, I am 25. I look 25. The boy is older, but he definitely doesn't look over 30. The waiter recommended a $200 bottle of wine for us. To me, it doesn't really make sense, when considering your customer, to recommend something that expensive. I mean, maybe I'm a 25-year-old business prodigy, but the chances that I am a 25-year-old poor graduate student are much higher. I realize though that they are trying to make money, so I'll let that slide. Salad bar was meh. Nothing was really all that amazing, plus I didn't want to fill up. Then the meat began. The signature Picanha (top sirloin) was way overseasoned for me. When I eat awesome meat, I like to taste the flavor of the meat, not salt and garlic. The filet mignon was pretty good, but most of the portions we got were overcooked despite asking for medium rare pieces. The sausages were all pretty tasty. Most of the pork we tried was dry. I think the only thing that was awesome was the lamb roast, and that was after a waiter brought over a piece that was truly medium rare. The sides were pretty tasty as well. It was nice that those were unlimited as well. Overall, I think it was a little overpriced and the meat was not as well-cooked as I would have expected. I think I will stick to normal steak houses where your meat is prepared to order vs. the all-you-can-eat extravaganza of meats that aren't exactly what you want.
