I have three words for my experience at Mercat: OUT STAND ING This place has been on our list since we saw it reviewed on an episode of "Check Please". We decided to give it a shot for a special New Year's Eve dinner. This is definitely a special occasion destination. We did the special NYE chef's menu and a wine flight each, and the tab came to about $250 with tax and tip. This is more than we normally spend for anything but our more expensive/special outings. My wife recently commented to a friend that there is a primal conflict between my love of good food and being a complete cheap-ass (she said it nicer). But I don't mind paying for quality, and this place was worth the price. The ingredients were really high end and the service was excellent. We also got a lot of really tasty food for our money. I was full before the meat course (lamb chops and Wagyu beef--it goes without saying that I got my second wind after tasting it). Major highlights: * Great service. We ordered the chef's menu but they tailored it to our exact likes and dislikes, replacing two items with items that were more palatable for my wife (she doesn't eat shellfish). The waiter also kept really close tabs on us, and the food and wine was brought out with pretty flawless timing. * The Serranno Ham and Fig salad was out of this world. So simple, yet such a perfect balance of flavors. * The lamb chops were simply fantastic. Served with two sauces that were completely superfluous IMHO, since the chop was perfect on its own. Minor low lights: * The tuna was only ok, and not up to the standards of the rest of the meal. * The bacon-wrapped dates, which is a classic tapas dish, was prepared with an almond inside the date. The almond balances out the sweet/savory contrast a bit, which to me is the point of this pairing. I think I prefer the classic version (no almond) better. The whole experience was perfect for a special NYE dinner, and Mercat has now officially been added to the PILETTCOTHD* list. *Places I Like Even Though They Cost Over Two Hundred Dollars
