TRU is serving up some of the most playful, original food we've seen anywhere. Not what we were expecting, but we were very pleasantly surprised! I won't spoil the surprise of how each dish is plated, but I will say that the chef is definitely having some fun in the kitchen. The amuse bouche was awesome! We chose from the 3-course pre-fixe menu and added a cheese course between the entree and dessert. The grass-fed beef carpaccio and duck consomme were delicious and perfectly prepared. The only course that I didn't love was the wild scottish hare. It was a beautifully crafted plate and the accompanying vegetables were perfect, but the portion was small and the jus that the server added table-side overwhelmed the dish with smokiness. My wife loved her truffled lobster and it was definitely a larger portion than the hare. The cheese course was better than I expected from previous reviewers' comments. I liked being able to choose from the cheeses right in front of you, as opposed to simply ordering off a menu or having the server choose for you. The server presenting the cheese cart was very knowledgeable and helpful, too. We enjoyed everything we tried, and the cheeses paired well with the provided chutney and honey. Dessert was the highlight of the evening for me. My wife loved her campfire of s'more, but the pumpkin patch blew me away. The different flavors and textures all combined together to make a very unique and wonderful dish. Super creative and fun plating!! The service was perfect. Besides flawless service throughout the meal, we really appreciated how each staff member greeted us on the way in and said "goodnight" or "goodbye" on the way out. A lot of little touches like that add up to a great experience as the night goes on. They had my wife's coat ready for us at the front desk, along with some treats for the next day's breakfast. Plus, the valet already had our car pulled up to the front door! It's also worth noting that the crowd was very mixed age-wise, something you don't tend to see when you visit restaurants at this price point. It was nice to NOT be the youngest person in the room by 20 years, for a change. Very highly recommended!
