Wow! I had been wanting to try Bonsoiree and was not disappointed!  First of all, I think this restaurant wants to remain hidden...there is no sign outside. The only indication that Bonsoiree was there was the fact that the building looked adorable, and a quick look in the door indicated something wonderful.  The staff is somewhat lax....with a reservation, we got a "sit anywhere". Ok, I'll take the window seat! We weren't greeted immediately, but when we were, the server double checked how many courses we wanted, opened and poured our wine and disappeared.  The first course "salad" appeared. I'm not entirely sure what was on the dish as I couldn't really hear the server, but whatever it was was delicious (one thing was definitely a trout foam - YUM!). The next course was soup - I seriously wanted to lick the bowl and could have eaten 10 servings (yes, I did mention this to the server and got the ok - no, I didn't do it!). The scallop and peeky toe crab dish - wow! I wasn't a huge fan of the meat dish (needed more flavor), but dessert was out of this world. Popcorn ice cream? Give me more! And the lemon curd - OMG! The server told me that it was "intense" and I might want to cut it with raspberry sauce - NOPE - give me more curd.  Wow - everything was so delicious and beautifully presented. I wish I would have been able to order seconds of everything!  The atmosphere was nice as the tables weren't too close together, but the room still felt full. I now understand why it is so difficult to get a reservation - there are very few tables. This helps make this a special dining experience. I enjoyed that this spot was BYO as well - you can mix and match yourself, or order from one of their 'partner' spots (which are all great). Service was not perfect, but it was good. The descriptions of the dishes were nice, though they often were provided quickly, so I wasn't sure exactly what I was eating. This didn't detract for me, but I wish I would have remembered more about what I ate. Both servers were quite nice and I never felt neglected. There was some confusion regarding which menu option we ordered, but it worked out ok. Bathrooms were super cute and considering the size of the restaurant, quite large. The entire restaurant was spotless. Overall, food is definitely a 5 (a 10 if I could aside from the meat dish), service a 4 only due to some confusion at the beginning of the meal, bathrooms were a 5, atmosphere a 5 and value is a 5. This restaurant is definitely a splurge, but the quality, presentation, taste, etc definitely make this a value spot. I've eaten at a number of other restaurants with tasting menus, and I would consider the tasting menu at Bonsoiree to be among the very top in the city.  I'll be back if I can score another reservation!
