The other night I had a gaggle of girlfriends in from high school celebrating a bachelorette party for a college friend of theirs. The bride was very nice and invited me along even though I had never met her prior to that evening. Before I met them at the club, however, they decided to do some sexxytime games and present openings at an apartment in River North. I decided to opt out of that part of the evening and strolled into Graham Elliot for a drink instead. It was late on a Saturday and they were about ready to close but they didn't give me dirty looks or anything when I sat down at the bar which I was thankful for. The music was good (Arcade Fire and Band of Horses to name a few) and the bartender fixed up my drink (vodka and diet) quickly and it was nice and stiff. He made some small talk with me which was appreciated but not necessary. Luckily I'm not someone who really stresses out about going to a bar or restaurant by myself so I didn't need rescuing but his conversation was friendly-chatty and not the "oh-this-poor-lonely-girl-needs-company" kind of chatty. Perfect tone. Other employees walked around taking care of their closing duties and they were all friendly and didn't make me feel uncomfortable in the slightest. I sipped my drink until I heard from the ladies that the festivities were moving to the club so I settled my tab and cut out of there so they could finish up closing. I realize my time there was brief but everyone was so nice and the drink was good so I wanted to give Graham Elliot some credit where credit is due. If they had turned me away at the door because they were closing I probably would have stood on the street corner for about a half hour twiddling my thumbs and avoiding drunk dudes (one of whom ripped my water bottle out of my hand and ran away as he passed me just before I went into GE. UGH) so I am appreciative of the shelter and booze they provided. The drink price was a little steep but I was expecting that. The menu looked great and based on the lovely service I had that evening I'll be sure to pop in for another cocktail and some noms.
