We finally made our way to Caf 28 on a Friday night & my only complaint is that we waited this long to do so! Atmosphere We had reservations for 7PM, but at that time the place was still pretty empty. It started getting busy later at night so make a reservation if dining later; otherwise you can probably just walk in and be seated. The place is huge: small bar and a few small tables in the front and 2 large dining rooms in the back and a large patio outdoors. Loved that the patio is tucked away behind busy Irving Park Rd. Service From the host, to the bus boy, to our waiter, they were all excellent. The bus boy was super attentive and never let unused dishes sit on our table or let our waters go empty; our waiter was also attentive and checked in on us just the right amount. Food I am a pretty picky eater and everything I had here was excellent. Great variety of Cuban & Mexican cuisine on the menu. We started things off with the Taste of Cuba appetizer platter that had empanadas, croquetas, as well as plaintain chips - SO good! The empanadas were filled with juicy and flavorful ground beef and the croquetas rivaled those of my favorite tapas place. I was impressed with the portion size - perfect to share. For the entre, I opted for my favorite Cuban dish, ropa vieja, and it did not disappoint. The steak was simmered to perfection and was delicious and tender - served with a side of white rice, black beans, and plantains. Best ropa vieja I have yet to try in the city. Decided to treat myself to dessert and had the pistachio rum cake which was delicious - fluffy with small amounts of pistachio nuts and topped with whip and strawberry compote. Yum. Drinks They have a large wine, beer, and large list of cocktails as well. The red sangria was delicious and sweet with plenty of fruit. Apparently on Sundays they have half-priced liters of sangria - will have to come back for that. Overall, a wonderful night filled with excellent service, food, and drink. Steps from the Irving Park brown line this place is easily accessible and is really versatile: great date spot, night out with the girls, or a family dinner. Can't wait to be back!
