Nuevo Lon is the place to go for authentic Mexican food. Even the tortillas are made the Mexican recipe (from a local bakery), using lard. Each entree is served with a complimentary bowl of whatever the stock pot of the day is simmering in the kitchen, much like the way that the Chinese restaurants give patrons a bowl of soup. There is a large selection of entrees that are between $5-$10, although the types of entrees that would appeal to most American palates, such as steaks and fajitas will cost more. The dishes that are more familiar to Americans, such as enchiladas, cost around $10, and are as good as they get. Steaks and fajitas are in the $15-$20 range. I can't comment on them. There are very few fish or seafood dishes offered. Mexican seafood is offered by Playa Azul, which is across the street. Less familiar items, such as menudo, chicken mole, or chuletas, are outstanding, and, because they cater to the local taste, are budget priced, in the $5-$10 range. Portions are large. BYOB. I gave only four stars because Nuevo Lon would not be perfect from the ambience, service or menu standpoint, for many Yelp members. It is one of my favorite restaurants, and it is five stars to me. 7-17-12 Update on the fajitas: I ate here last night with a companion who ordered the chicken fajitas. In her opinion the fajitas, which I have never eaten, were excellent. After rolling and finishing off three wraps she ended up taking the remainder, roughly 1/2 of the order, home. She also stated that both the corn and flour tortillas were the best she had ever eaten, and purchased some to take home. And she enjoyed the homemade soup that came with the meal. Nuevo Lon is now her favorite Mexican restaurant. The larger portion size of the fajitas compensates for higher price of the dish, $12 versus the $8 of my more standard menu order (chuletas Mexicana). I finished my two pork chops --- no leftovers. On our way out, I noticed that the appetizers coming to the tables were chunks of meat in red sauce sandwiched between two tortillas laid flat. It seems that the kitchen serves the soup until the stockpot of the day is emptied, whereupon this substantial appetizer takes its place. In any case, compared with many popular restaurants, Nuevo Lon, in effect, continues to provide soup or an appetizer with each meal. The restaurant has the same owners as when I first ate here in 1973. Mexican restaurants were not prevalent in Chicago but The Reader's food critic found and reviewed Nuevo Lon and three other restaurants in Pilsen. The other restaurants no longer exist. These restaurants were the places to go for Mexican throughout the 70's and early 80's, the only places that served menudo, posole, and other such dishes. These days I can still recommend an occasional expedition to Nuevo Lon for those who do not live in or near Pilsen.
