I want to be really careful in writing this review, as I kind of have mixed feelings about this place. A group of us came here to celebrate a birthday, and I was the one who actually picked the restaurant...so naturally, I was hoping it'd be really great. Overall, we had a great time with little to no complaints. Great food, great atmosphere, with great friends....sounds...well, GREAT, right? So let me get to some of the details: The food is fairly priced for both the quantity and quality. So of course, that's appreciated. The only thing we ordered that was kind of a "miss" was the bruschetta - we weren't expecting it to be made with seafood. The pizzas were especially great. The ambiance is fantastic. A really unique dining experience. Our group sat on a high wooden table and it was definitely something totally different. The place was lit up for the holidays and the atmosphere overall is just a great balance of fun, yet...mature. Now my main gripe about this place is the service. Days in advance, I called to make reservations, and was told that they didn't accept them. So I told them that I was planning a birthday and asked what I could do to assure a smooth-sailing evening. They told me to call a few hours in advance so that they could set up our table and arrange for our arrival. So I did. I talked to them several hours in advance, with the expectation that everything would run relatively smoothly once we got there. Instead, the reality of it was that our dinner was delayed by TWO hours once we arrived. Once we put our name down, we spent about 1.5 hours at the wine bar across the street. Then when we got a call saying our table was ready, we waited about another 30-45 minutes. Is it just me, or when someone tells you your table is ready...do you actually expect it to be ready?! Why would you call us when we'd still have to stand around in the crowded restaurant for over half an hour? So all in all, we ended up getting seated about 2 hours later than we wanted. While we did not let that ruin our evening in the least bit, it is ridiculous for a restaurant to think that's acceptable. I understand if you do not want to be a reservations type of restaurant, but having groups of 10 people waiting around near the hostess stand is not pleasant for anyone. If I come back, it'll definitely be on a weekday when it'll be much more of a low-key evening.
