The Publican may be my favorite restaurant in Chicago. And yes, that's a bold and ballsy statement to make when Chicago has SO many good restaurants. I came here on Saturday evening to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday, and had made a reservation through Open Table for 7pm. I requested one of the private tables specifically in the request, and the majority of the diners are seated at a large table in the center of the restaurant. It's not a huge deal, but if you're looking for a more private dinner, I'd highly recommend requesting this in your reservation. We were seated in one of the "pig stall" tables where you're literally boxed into a table that resembles an animal's stall. While this kind of freaked out the one vegetarian diner in our party, we enjoyed how secluded we felt while in the stall. Upon being seated, we were shown the menu and given a quick run-down on the way it works. All of the food is supposed to be ordered at once so that they can bring it out in courses, and all of the items are intended to be shared. Since we had a vegetarian in the group, it kind of created a lack of flow later in the night, but that was to be expected. Before we started picking apart the menu to decide what we wanted, we shifted our focus to the expansive beer menu to pick out a few unique brews. They have an extensive Belgian offering, which was to our liking. As for the food, this was the second time I was at the Publican and I was blown away. We decided to order the following: 1) The Daily Pickles 2) Chicken Liver Pate 3) Pork Belly (Obviously, you have to get this here) 4) Boudin Blanc 5) Bollito Misto 6) Octopus 7) Fried Cauliflower The Daily Pickles came out first, and it took us by surprise. We all were thinking that it would be a plate of pickles, but nope, it was a variety of pickled vegetables. There was picked red onion which was a spicy vinegar infusion of flavor that was outstanding. There was also pickled cauliflower that was bright yellow and was surprisingly delicious. Lastly, there were lightly pickled cucumbers which tasted like bread and butter pickles. This dish was so amazing that it was gone within a minute (and I'm barely exaggerating here) and we put in another order as it was only a whopping $4. The Octopus came out next, which is what the vegetarian member of our party ordered. She let us each sample a piece of it, and I really enjoyed this dish. Normally I'm not a fan of grilled calamari due to its rubbery texture, but this was about as far away from it as you could get. It had a nice bite to it and was wonderfully flavored. My only regret of the evening was that we hadn't ordered this for the whole table. The pork belly came out next, which is a tried and true dish that is executed perfectly here. The artichokes, olives, and grits really enhanced the flavor, and it was gone all too quickly. Next up was the Bollito Misto which came in a cast iron pan and was piping hot. The medley of tender, well flavored meats simmering in a salsa verde sauce was amazing. It reminded me of a soupy-stew that had a sampling of a wide range of meats and veggies. I really enjoyed this dish. Lastly, for the main courses, the boudin blanc arrived. This was simply a white sausage on a bed of veggies. To be honest, this was my least favorite dish of the night as it wasn't very interesting. Don't get me wrong, it was good, but it just lacked a certain something. After all of these items came out, we had to wait about 10 minutes for the fried cauliflower. I think there was some kitchen mishap as I overheard a few other tables asking about it and the waitress seemed a bit flushed. Regardless, the fried cauliflower was worth the wait. It was lightly breaded and cooked to perfection--not at all mushy and it had a nice crunch to it. The cauliflower was served over a green chili sauce that was extremely tasty. Lastly, to finish off the meal, we went with their waffle with maple ice cream, peanut brittle, and peanut butter hot fudge sauce. I have had their signature waffle in the past, but this one blew it out of the water. The maple ice cream paired with the waffle was a nice touch, as this was a tribute to the classic waffle and maple flavor combination. Although, with the addition of the peanut butter fudge and the peanut brittle, the waffle was incredible. This is a dessert that you have to get, no matter how full you are, and if it's on the menu. The service here is also top notch--your water glass will rarely ever reach the point of being empty and they are prompt with drink orders. Our waitress was extremely nice, and struck a great balance with checking in on us just enough to not be intrusive. She also had a great sense of humor and great recommendations. As a final note, the Publican gave my boyfriend a free cupcake for his birthday with a candle. It's always a nice touch when restaurants acknowledge a special event and help you celebrate. I can't wait until I get to venture back to the Publican.
