First impressions make all the difference. We were greeted at the door by a friendly brood, which I assumed included the owner. We were seated immediately and ordered wine shortly thereafter. Hubs is an expert at California wines but when it comes to Italian, his taste only goes so far as women (ahem, his spicy Italian wife) :). The waitress gave us a a great recommendation for vino and we were all please. We ordered the Insalata Mista which was plenty for 3 of us to share for a starter. We all ordered our own pizzes from there. I ordered the Bianca Rucola (White Pizza with Arugula), Hubs ordered Salsiccia and Funghi (Sausage and Mushroom) and my FIL ordered the Salsiccia and something else (I liked the wine that much). I'll first start by saying that I don't really like white pizza all that much. It's not that I don't really like it so much as I like the red better. I guess I thought I would try something new, but ended up regretting not getting something with their delicious red sauce. I had some of hubs pizza - The red sauce was homemade with serious love. You could just taste the fresh. The crust was delectable and chey - I don't love crunchy crispy crusts, so this thin, puffy style reminded me of being in Italy all over again. Something to note : The atmosphere is family friendly. It's very well lit (which I liked) and you really get the feel that you are sitting in someone's kitchen (although not too crowded). Be prepared for it to be loud and a bit raucous earlier in the evening. What I am saying is, if you are kid-less like we are with a short patience for other people chitlin's, mentally prepare yourself... :) Lastly, I do have 2 beefs with Spacca: 1. The mushrooms on hubs pizza were out of a can. What?! Freshly homeade tomato sauce and then mushrooms out of a can? It was like bad icing on a delicious cupcake... 2. I asked the waitress if they had cannolli (that's the only dessert I break the diet for) and I never heard back, so I assumed no. As we were walking out the door there was a full plate of mini canolli's at the hostess desk!!! I was so very sad... :(
