There were multiple dishes that would contend for the spotlight on Best Thing I Ever Ate. This had to be, hands down, the best meal I've had in a long, long time. I would even go so far as to say that... wait for it... it changed my life. We started with the Pig Ear with crispy kale, pickled banana peppers, and a fried egg on top. It was delicious, and not what I was expecting (I think I was expecting a whole pig ear on a plate... or something that would be visually unappealing). It was presented very nicely and the pig ear reminded me of chicharron... deep fried, crispy, and salty. Delicious but I doubt I would order this one again. Next came the Charred Cauliflower with toasted breadcrumbs, cornichons, and parsley. This was SO good. All the flavors and textures were spot on. And this is when it gets even better: After the cauliflower came the Bone Marrow with herbs. This dish is definitely on my Best Thing I Ever Ate list. It was so deliciously indulgent... a perfect physical manifestation of "umami" - SO savory, and with a little sprinkle of the rock salt, mindblowing. Next we had the Eggplant Caponata with Goat Cheese. My friend and I are goat cheese fiends and were actually dying while eating this... Like it was so good we stopped breathing for a while. The wonderful little pieces of bread were generously slathered with just the right amount of goat cheese, and the eggplant caponata was the perfect complement. My friend actually took a picture of my face while eating this. Finally came the JLT. Oh my GOD this was fantastic... Everything about it was flawless. The jamon was so juicy and flavorful, and the outer edges were slightly charred and crispy. The runny egg on top and whatever tangy mayo/aioli they had going on mixed perfectly to round out the saltiness of the meat. The bread too, was toasted and was the perfect thickness to retain its shape and texture while soaking up all of the delicious juices. Besides the food, the service was good and the dishes came out at a good pace. Looking around at everything else coming out of the kitchen made my mouth water, even after we were totally full and waiting on the check. I have absolutely nothing bad to say about this experience and I can't wait till I'm back in town to come here again!
