Oh, I DON'T KNOW. After hearing my boyfriend wax orgasmic on this place for the past eight months, I was game to give it a try any day. When I finally made it to Hopleaf on Monday night for his birthday, I was definitely taken by the atmosphere and the blissful smokelessness of it all. The surrounding neighborhood, what seems like the fringe between Uptown and Edgewater, was shiny and clean, definitely an area I'd like to revisit on a warmer day. And even on a frigid night early in the week, the bar and restaurant were -- pardon the pun -- hopping, and I like that. Everything coming out of the kitchen looked positively scrumptious, and even the beer list seemed tempting. I practically bit the server's head off when she came to take our drink orders. I asked for a recommendation, qualified with the intense desire NOT TO BE RECOMMENDED THE LINDEMAN'S LAMBIC. I've had it before. Too sweet, thankyouverymuch. She recoiled for a moment but quickly recovered and offered a great recommendation. Snaps to her for grace under fire. All five of us, packed around our little four-top in the corner, really enjoyed our beer and the restaurant itself. We were well taken care of. Buuuuuut, snaps lost for really below-average food. Yes, the traditional mussels and frites with garlic aioli were delicious, but you'd BETTER not screw that up if you're a self-respecting Belgian alehouse, right? Based on a Yelper's recommendation, I had the CB&J (cashew butter, figs and some sort of cheese) and was totally grossed out by it. Bad Yelper! Bad! Greasy, drippy and a terrible combination of flavors. And I'm all for combining savory and sweet, y'all. It came with Stilton mac and cheese, which by all accounts I should've loved, yet there was nothing special about it. The fries were, again, amazing, but put all together it was just a big heart attack waiting to happen. The steak frites were a hit at the table, but the beef stew was deemed "too pruny" and I was generally underwhelmed by the desserts we ordered, too. Apple fritters were just fried. Unremarkable. As was the creme anglaise dipping sauce. The blueberry and almond cobbler was just plain tasteless. Come on, Hopleaf! Unlike most people, I didn't come for the beer, but I'd probably come back for more if you gave me a reason to stick around and eat.
