I bookmarked this restaurant for when I would return to Chicago.... I made reservations 3 weeks ahead and was lucky to secure a 6:15pm reservation. We were not celebrating any special occassions but just simply wanted to try this culinary experience and boy, were we impressed! Thomas Keller and French Laundry has competition.... :) FL is an experience in its own way but Alinea, OMG, it would be hard to top this unbelievable, out-of-this-world dining experience. The food, the dishes, presentation, service is all impecable! The food was simply orgasmic to say the least.....bursting with flavor and the artistic talent that goes into the food preparation. I was just thinking out loud to myself that there must be all these chefs sitting in the kitchen decorating all these plates and creating each masterpiece! We were priviledged to sit next to this couple who happens to be one of the investors of the restaurant and we overheard him telling the servers that he just returned from Venice, Italy the very same day and came right in to try the Fall menu before it went away. He added that nothing in Venice quite beat the Alinea experience! :) So he told us that there are at least 25-26 chefs in the kitchen creating up a storm! 25???? That's a whole assembly line on the manufacturing floor of some company, I would think! the 3.5 hour dining experience was simply unbeatable, it flew on by quickly without us realizing it....we were hoping it would never end. The food portion was decent sized and we were not stuffed over the top and neither did we leave hungry, it was a very satisfying, a nice, comfortable feeling! The 12 course flight tasting menu was delightful, as Yelper Jeremy L pointed out; wagyu beef covered within a bowl of pine leaves and the "pumpkin pie" served skewed on a burnt oak branch, dish served on a fluffy pillow filled with nutmeg aroma, scallop served in a bowl on top of a dish filled with hot water and chamomile and lavender and the server was joking that we could have steamed our face for facial....it was such a nice pleasure to witness all these creativity in presentation and food decor! Unbelievable! With 81 reviews and 5 star rating, you simply can't go wrong! Great for that special occassion or simply a "just because" meal. GO and make that reservation right now! It's soooooooo worth it! Every single morsel of it. I'm not sure when we'll be back to Chi-town but I would dine in Alinea again in a heart beat! Remarkable!
