I really don't know how to feel about this start to my restaurant week. Presidents Day off = taking advantage of a stress free Monday by consuming lots of calories. Instead this was a stress filled dining experience. My friend and I, walked in today at lunch about 12:15pm and were pleasantly surprised to see very few patrons. Not completely empty but not obnoxiously crowded, CHITOWN LUNCH SUCCESS!   We are seated immediately. We chat, scan the menu, chat some more ... Ok where is the waiter? 15 minutes later he rushes to our table, pen and pad in hand, "What would you like?" Ummmm...ok. An explanation of your menu would be nice, maybe even a recommendation or two? After prompting, He explained that Mercat's restaurant week menu was the regular Catalan Express menu For $18 (we soon learn there would be nothing express about this meal), which included one choice from a list of options under 1st course and 2nd course. Dessert could be included for $22. We order a few glasses of wine first and he immediately walks away from the table to put in the drink order. Probably would have been more time efficient to put in everything together, but whatever. At this point we just want to get the ball rolling, it's now 12:35pm. To start, we have the Arroz a la Cazuela (essentially a spicy soup reminiscent of gumbo) and Ensalada Verde (simple salad). Second course, We order the Mercat Burger and Barri Gotic ( hanger steak).   We sip, we chat, we sip some more. It's 12:50pm and still no first course. Ooooooook. We stop a busser and request our waiter. We sip, we chat....we then watch the table next to us receive their 1st course. It's now 1:00pm. But we were seated and ordered before them, what's the issue?!?! We stop another person walking around "hi, we've been waiting for our food...hmmm... FOREVER, can we speak to our waiter to see what's the hold up?". They come back and say it's coming right out and drop complimentary peppers on our table. I don't want your peppers seor, I want WHAT I ORDERED. And I want you to apologize because the reality is, you forgot to enter our order. I'm no fool. Things started picking up a little after we walked in and you were overwhelmed, just say it!!!!   Finally we get our first course: a salad and soup. didn't realize salad and soup took 40 minutes to prepare. Did you pick this fresh from the lettuce farm? Was the soup flown in from some foreign country prior to? So confused. We annihilate the soup and salad. WAITER: "would you like us to get your 2nd course started" US: "Hell Yea?!"   We received our 2nd course shortly thereafter, thank God. It is now 1:40pm. The waiter comes back to the table and asks if we would like to try dessert. I ask if it will take long? He laughs. I straight face him. It takes everything in me not to say, "I'm f***ing serious, is it going to take you another hour or can you make it quick". We decide not to risk it, pay immediately and leave. It's now 1:55pm.   I'm not a fan of two hour lunches, servers neglecting tables, and overall "so-so" dining experiences. The food was pretty tasty but overshadowed by the service. Sorry Mercat, I probably won't be back unless I have a bag of snacks in my purse and 4 hours to spare.
