Just doing my part to beat the horse while it's hot at Publican. What works: The communal tables: Very cool, made me feel like I was eating in the Hogwartz dining hall. The decor: Love the multiple portraits of hogs, ranging from dark and shadowy to simply fat pigs. The door staff: The greeter was very nice to my friend. When asked about his favorites, he explained how the menu was set up to range from smaller portions (towards the top) to larger entrees (towards the bottom) in each category, although it took some pressing to move beyond "everything here is good" and get his favs. The wait staff: Some of the staff was really polite and very nice, wanted to hear that we had enjoyed our meal, even saying goodbye as they went off-shift The pork belly: Fatty, fatty! Scrumptious. The gem salad: Eating the lettuce made me think "so fresh, so clean" with each bite. The mussels: might have been the best value of anything I ate at Publican, came in a bowl the size of a colander, with lots of buttery juice, great with the baguette it comes with What doesn't work: The communal tables: We went at 1045p and even with the restaurant emptying out, I couldn't hear my dinner mates sitting across the table The wait staff: Our server looked ludicrous when we asked to share 1 beer among 3 ppl. I ate with 2 girls who didn't want to drink entire beers and wanted essentially flights, so we were planning to order more than 1, but I had gotten mixed up...beers on the menu ranged from 11.2 oz to 750ml and up, I thought we had ordered a 500ml bottle rather than the 11.2oz. Regardless, he looked mad for his tips. Bitter asshole. I ordered more later out of thrist, but I may have ordered none just to spite the bastard. Mixed review: Beer selection: It's vast, but it's expensive. I understand that Publican is a step up from Beer Bistro and even Hopleaf, but some of the prices were just really too much. $15+ for a single beer, really? The potee: For the price, really not worth it relative to the pork belly. The veal was a nice smoky flavor, but it was a little hard. The pork tenderloin was good, but the sausage was overly salty - maybe should have expected this, or maybe I'm just not a sausage connoisseur but I didn't feel like there was that much difference b/w that and kielbasa. Overall, probably 4 stars, but minus 1 star for the look our waiter gave me for ordering 1 beer (initially).
