The ruse is on! Walked out feeling bamboozled, hoodwinked, scammed, screwed, fleeced, deceived and taken for a ride. I limped back to my car from the action I took in the rear. It is in all honesty that writing this review disappoints me greatly. I have read the numerous critical rantings about XOCO and chalked them up to people who either didn't get it, or of jealous wannabes who don't like seeing one Chef get all the attention. Dear Rick,  Why I ask are my lips burning from salt? Not just my dish, my girls dish as well. Why when I leaned up against a wall did I receive nearly a second degree burn? Is there a reason your glorified bus boy manager can't work the room and ask how your meal is? If someone takes an enormous dump, is there any guarantee I won't have to smell it while eating my salty broth?  I can answer one. In your greedy quest to squeeze two more people into your restaurant tube, you placed a piece of sheet metal around your wood fired oven. This results in a very hot wall with a chair next to it. Idiotic at best. I was lucky enough to find street parking right across the street, that was the end of my good fortunes. The line didn't seem very long and the menu was beautifully written, it yielded great promises of culinary excitement. As we clutched our menu, made our choices we watched a chef make one after another perfect empanadas. We stared at the wood burning oven relinquish its pleasures onto plates. Unfortunately this went on for quite some time, we waited for twenty minutes without the line moving. We were four people back in the line with no order being taken, no explanation.  Finally, we order, we get directed to our ominous table against the oven. My buddy Jack P. in his stirring review spoke of the Feng shui being of a "bus station, I can't argue with that. While waiting for the bathroom I was useful in holding the walk in cooler door open for a chef, stepping back and forth out of peoples way and most of all just clogging up the isle. First our Polverones and hot chocolate arrive, fantastic. The best short bread cookie ever, even though I suspect it was a touch raw inside. The hot chocolate was rich, complex and exactly what I expect from Bayless. The Short Rib soup comes and my anticipation has got me giddy. A tremendous disappointment. The broth was so salty it stripped me of my abilities to taste anything. Chunks of zucchini and potato were added to the bowl rather than simmered in this briny bath. I think of a soup as an iconic representation of simplicity. This was more like four ingredients introduced to each other, and never having the time to get to know one another.  Even had the saltiness not ruined it for me, this would have been a major failure. At one desperate point I poured some of my water into my soup just to make it palatable, even this desperate venture was inadequate in diluting the oceanic vibe of my broth. The smoked pork torta was served plunged halfway into a broth of arbol chilies, we ordered spicy and it was, problem was it was so salty, again with the salt. I don't get it. I looked around at the table next to us, a six top that was struggling with the same issues. No one comes around to ask "hows your soup." Narry a manager to be seen except to explain to people how to stand in line for a half hour. The ingredients were all excellent, but the parts were greater than the whole. When this concept was announced I imagined a great place to get a cafe con leche, a real churro, maybe a tamal and a champurado. I guess Ricks bean counters thought that would not generate enough income. Soup, sandwich, cookie, and a hot chocolate=$36 if this food could have lived up to my previous Bayless experiences then that would have been a fine price to pay. I am sorry, but I will stick to my small taquerias para caldo y tortas. Gracias.
