For my birthday, I wanted to go somewhere fun and new so I pick Carnivale because of all the great reviews they had. It Was that the BIGGEST mistake ever! The staff that works there are so rude! We had an reservations at 10 on a sat night, we got there early and waited for our table, we had to go up to the front table three times to ask is our table ready because it was already 10:40. We waited 40 min later and was told kitchen closes at 11, well if we didn't have to wait 40 min we wouldn't have to rush to order. Not even that when we did get seated finally, no waiter or waitress came up to us until 15 min later, I swear you can't get anyone attention there! Then when our waiter did arrive he told us kitchen closes at 11 so place your orders quickly. Once he took our order we wouldn't see him for another 15 min, it's like you have to raise your hand for service and they probably still ignore you. It was terrible. The staff looks unhappy working there. I understand the kitchen closes at 11 but there was still a bunch of people still eating and all I can see is the waiters standing by the stairs with an angry face wanting everyone to leave so they can leave. How rude is that! Why would I want to be at a place where their own staff don't want to be there. Costumer service is horrible, they made everyone at my table in a bad mood because what was suppose to be a good night was ruin because of bad service! I don't understand why if you have a group of 6 or more the tip is included to the bill? So, you gave us bad service but deserve the tip? Our waiter was never to be found the whole time nor did anyone else try to help either meaning some of my friends didn't even have plates or forks so we had to wait until someone finally came by us. I thought that the bus boys actually did a better job than our waiter! The waiter even had the nerve to say sorry you can't get dessert kitchen closed, you should have came earlier, then we said we did we just didn't get seated right away then he goes well don't come on a Saturday night. How rude! Instead of not coming on a Saturday night, how about not ever coming again! Overall, The food wasn't good for the price you are paying. Everything was to salty or over cooked. I would never come here again nor would I tell anyone else too! Thanks for a really bad birthday dinner!
