I probably can't a add a whole lot of new insight to Schwa that hasn't already been touched upon by fellow yelpers, but I'd be remiss if I didn't stamp them with the 5 stars they most assuredly deserve, in my humble opinion.  There's a reason it took my fiance months to finally secure a reservation here...this place is just that good. I think she started calling back in May or something targeting a reso for my bday in August! Yes...she had to call again and again just to catch someone live...and leaving messages just didn't get it done. Nevertheless, it's well worth the pain. Call, beg, offer up any service of value you might have....if you love food, do what you need to do to get in this place. So...on to the experience.  The fiance ushered me into a cab, with me clueless to our intended destination. The address on Ashland she tells the cabby just doesn't connect for me....what the heck is on Ashland south of North Ave?....we gonna slam this wine amonst the palm trees and hub caps, right? We pull over, and I see it. The simple sign "Schwa".....oh yeah.....I'm in for a treat now. We've talked about this place...I've heard great things. We step inside and I'm immediately surprised....this isn't some shi-shi(sp?) place with some spruced up lassie standing behind an ornate podium ready to greet you upon your entrance. We just walked into someone's house, right? Tiny room.....simply decorated....nay.....not even really decorated....I mean the walls are painted, but that's about it. It's like taking a 1 bedroom loft, pulling all the furniture out, taking everthing off the walls, sprinkling some tables around and you're good to go. But, of course, there is that glass wall in the back giving you a view into the tiny little kitchen...and that's where the magic happens here. So I'm not even sure what to do after walking in....then this guy pops out of the kitchen and come up to us to show us where we will be spending the next 3 hours or so. Seriously, I think? The guys that are making this food are you host, your server, and everything in between? Now that's a cool concept. There is no "telephone" game here between the front of the house and the back....it's all the same.  The chefs aren't relegated to slaving in the depths of some back kitchen with no direct insight to the customers they are serving. They make it, and then they bring it to you and they can see your reaction live and in real time. And I've got to believe in the case of Schwa , that continuous feedback is gonna make these guys feel good.  We went with the the full 9 course run down and couldn't have been more pleased.  I won't walk through all the courses...justice simply can't be done via words. Yes...there are sauces and foams, and purees, and flavor combinations and textures that us mere mortals would never be able to imagine. ie...green curry and rootbeer maki??? WTF? Absolutely fantastic! And yes....I recall saying "absolutely fantastic" like 15 times throughout the night to the various guys that brought these delights to our table. I was really simply at a loss for words, and still am. These are unique, flavorful, fanciful, fun dishes that add up to a most special dining experience. I'll just specifically mention the pea soup, cause I hate peas. No...I mean I really hate peas....in that bring you back to your childhood, sitting at the table for an hour after everyone has left, your mom requiring you to finish your peas, your fists clenched so hard it hurts kind of hatred for peas. And I loved the pea soup. They bring the best out of every ingredient here they use and they do it with style, flavor, and flair. Nuff said....it's all about the food at Schwa and they deliver with the highest marks. And to experience this type of food at a BYOB...well that's just unheard of from me perspective. Keep doin' what you do, Schwa.....and people will ALWAYS come....they most definitely will come.
