Simply put, I loved it. I brought a certain special guy here for his special birthday dinner and we couldn't have left happier. We'd been meaning to try for awhile (clearly, word is out on the streets that this is THE PLACE to be), and finally had an excuse. We went relatively early on a Thursday evening and had no wait for a lovely table outside on their patio. Good news for us, because we were hungry! A round of cocktails set us off to peruse the menu. I went with the Dark and Stormy, which was delightfully gingery, as it should be. We started with the meatballs and polenta (YUM) and the pretzel with the welsh rarebit (DOUBLE YUM). In lieu of both ordering entrees and our desire to maximize our menu experience, we went with two small plates and an entree. We did the gulf shrimp and grits (my least favorite...edible, but just not as appetizing as I imagined it) and the sweetbreads (served smoked pastrami style a la Reuben, it was stellar). For our entree, we split the hangar steak with the bone marrow ravioli. Cooker perfectly with fresh elotes and green beans underneath, it was a beautiful dish (both to observe and to eat). Of course, being as it was a special occasion, we had to get dessert (and another cocktail...Persian Sunrise for me!). We went with the Gruyere donuts. Another stunning win. It was a more savory dish, but the cheesy donuts and the accompanying whipped goat cheese was wonderful. Rich and savory, it rounded out the meal to perfection. The service deserves its own mention. Not only was our server knowledgeable about the menu (and how many dishes we wanted to order), he was friendly, accommodating, and just plain nice. Dirty plates were whisked away in short order, waters never stayed empty, and cocktails were replenished in short order. It was the best service I have had in a long time. I have to agree with the others...two people at L&E just isn't enough. You don't get to try nearly enough dishes! Come with a crew that likes to share so you get a chance to sample more of the exquisitely crafted menu.
