Okay, this place has to fix their damn service. This place is very close to us, and we went there before the U2 concert and a few days ago for my wife's birthday. I really like the tapas here, but something has to be done about the service! Please fix it. Fix it...now! Visit #1 - Made a reservation through opentable and was promptly seated. We ordered a few drinks, and six tapas. Everything was going great until our last two tapas took 20-30 minutes to come out. Our waiter stopped by and basically asked us if we were done. My wife said we were done ordering but we were still waiting for our last two dishes. He pretended like he knew what we were talking about, but the look on his face told us otherwise. He said there must be a hold up, but I knew that he didn't even remember that we were waiting for two dishes. The dishes finally come out and they were very good, it was just annoying to have to wait and then have some pretend that they didn't screw up.  Visit #2 - I called for the reservation since we had six people. They told me that if I wanted eight people, that we would have to be seated at 5:30 or 6, which was too early. So I didn't invite my other friends. We get there promptly at 8:30 and the people at our table have paid their check and we are waiting for them to get up and go. I'm not blaming Mercat for having to wait 20 minutes to get seated, but I'm annoyed that the table we are waiting for has eight people! Ugh. Luckily the hostess had "hot shoes" and she was very nice and it was entertaining to look at her shoes. Anyway, we wait to order our drinks after we get seated. Drinks take 10 to 15 minutes to get to our table. Seriously? I asked the waiter if I could order my next beer right away, cause if it takes that long I should just order right now. I don't think he appreciated that. The bar was "backed up", and each drink took way too long to get. The food service was actually pretty good, other than the fact that I was moving dishes off to the side all night long because nobody was clearing our table. So three stars...I think the food was excellent. But I'm dinging them for the service. Read on for food comments. If you are hungry, get the chef's selection for $58. You can't go wrong and you can swap dishes out that you don't want. You'll be stuffed at the end of the night. Ham & Fig Salad...wow, delicious! Looked like a burrito wrapped in ham, but the inside was salad.  Bacon Wrapped Dates...sweet, delicious, crunch with an almond inside. everyone raved about these. Flatbreads...in my mind these are just okay. Butternut Squash Dumplings...yum yum give me dim sum! Lambchops...oh so good. Carnes Y Aves section of the menu is all good.  Cheese that we had was very good.  Shrimp dishes were just okay, and the cauliflower tapa was no good. My wife said her mojito was fantastic.
