Summary: beautiful place, but owner's son cursed out a whispering girl and her friend. Went to see Chuchito Valdes on Saturday and it was an amazing show! The venue is nice. The place was intimate and a perfect place for such an amazing show. I don't know how the cocktail waitress was able to make sure we were taken care of and she was phenomenal and attentive. I have seen Chuchito multiple times and he is very interactive with the audience. He asks the audience to interact and was so excited to see him!Problem: A man who claimed to be the son's owner was verbally abusive and cursed myself and a group of females, telling us individually to Shut the f*** up. Mind you, if he thought we were loud he could say, Hey, please stop speaking until the set's over and we would have been like, awkward, but ok. Instead, he stood an inch from my face and stated to shut the xxxx up. We were speaking in a whisper - as did everyone else in venue - about how freaking amazing Chuchito was when he began his rant. When I asked if were not allowed to whisper he proceeded to state (after again saying Shut the f*** up) that he was the owner and was going to kick us out (Explictives not written in this review because I think anyone who curses out other human beings in a threatening tone must have a limited vocabulary and low intellectual ability). How hard is it to say, Hey, I'm the owner's son and at this venue no one talks during the show (which is crazy if that is how it is!). Please be quiet. But did he, nope.Then he stated he wasn't the owner, but his dad was a part owner. I told him there was no reason to use curse words towards us. I stated there was no need to curse at me and threaten me. His response was basically he could do whatever he wanted as he was the son's owner. His response was also filled with expletives.Here's the thing, being a professional and adult, I was and still am really shocked that some man curses out patrons instead of being an adult. If this is a strict no talking zone, that is fine, let me know in an adult manner. Also, I will never go to a show at this place as that is my impression. It should also be explicitly stated that whispering is not ok. I was extremely disappointed that someone could taint such a beautiful and positive show, particularly as I nor my friends talked louder than a whisper. Other patrons around us were also talking quietly, which I find even more disturbing about this little man. Should you go, please watch out for a little 5 foot 5 man who claims to be a relative of an owner of the club. There is something wrong with any person who feels he has the right to threaten and curse out anyone and then believe that his status (actually his daddy's status, he is not an owner) makes it all ok. I have never been so blatantly disrespected and do not believe in anyway was this ok or justified.The bartenders, cocktail waitress and doormen were all very respectful. However, if I could, I would give no stars if possible for this little man tainting my experience of Chuchito live.
