I sat in a bar and drank a Mickey's Grenade. I think I might have to move to Chicago. We spent a couple hours on Friday afternoon getting stuff ready for a Halloween party that night. My group was going as the Dharma Initiative so we made Dharma style labels for the food and drink we were bringing. After all that tiring printing and cutting labels and taping them to various liquor bottles, we needed food stat.  The Fifty/50 is your classic sports infused drinkatorium. At about 3pm on a Friday, it was pretty empty however so I can't say anything about the crowd or the atmosphere when the place is full. For any NYC people reading this, I'd compare it to perhaps a place like Tonic East. We got seats at the bar. It's a typical bar menu with tons of appetizers and burgers and sandwiches. My friend strongly recommended the Skirt Steak sandwich on garlic bread, which a few guys got.  I was in the mood for a burger so I went with the The 50 burger (as opposed to the fifty burger, yes they are different) which was cheddar, red onions, sliced pickles, cole slaw and something called Louis Sauce on a bun. I don't know what Louis Sauce is and I probably don't want to, but this was a good burger. And seasoned waffle fries are always a quick ticket to my heart. So we were enjoying our food and having a few drinks when the guys seated down the bar from us started talking about malt liquor, always a favorite topic of mine. At this point I noticed that this bar serves 40s, which seems like a terrible idea for any number of reasons, but I don't own the place so whatever. Then the guy closest to me says "with malt liquor, I'll only drink Mickey's." "Well we've got Mickey's grenades." I threw my head around like I had just heard (insert really cool thing that would make you very happy). I'm sorry, Mickey's Grenades? Yes, have some. None of my friends went with me on this malt liquor journey, which was kind of disappointing, but it's fine with me. After I finished my one Grenade, we were off to another establishment. But Fifty/50, we'll always have Mickey's. Like I wrote before, I can't say much about this place because we showed up when it was completely empty. But I had good food and out of nowhere was able to consume malt liquor in public. That alone is enough for me to want to go back.
