I live pretty close to here so it is my go-to place to take out of town guests. The food is phenomenal and the ambiance is unique, so I feel like the higher Chicago prices can be justified for them. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. In my opinion, what stands out is how tender the meat is, so I don't know that vegetarians would be overly impressed by the food. It is a good place to get some appetizers and then share an entree. It is nearly impossible to sit in the main dining room on the weekend without a reservation, but you can usually get seats in the lounge, which features the same menu. One time I even ate at the bar, and the food came out literally 10 minutes after we ordered. On that occasion, the guacamole we had ordered as an appetizer came out after we'd finished our meal, so the bartender didn't charge us for it. My only complaints are that the hostesses can be somewhat rude and you can end up waiting a long time for a table even with a reservation (although show me a restaurant where this isn't the case), and the service in the lounge can be hit or miss. For whatever reason, they have a difficult time dividing the bill onto separate credit cards in the lounge. What drove me to write this review after so many trips to Carnivale was the amazing service I had recently when I took a group of 11 women for a bachelorette party. The service in the lounge and in the dining room are like night and day. Our table was tucked away in one of the many side rooms off of the main dining room. There were other parties in that room, but it still made for a more intimate atmosphere. Our server was very accommodating and knowledgeable about the menu, and when he took the drink and food orders he brought a second server with him to speed up the process. He gave us one check at the end, and we all just paid cash for what we owed, but he did offer to split it up on credit cards evenly or however we wanted. Excellent place for a big group! Food and drink reviews: A lot of my favorite items (prickly pear mojito, tuna ceviche) are not available since they've changed the menu, but here are some of my recommendations on the current menu. -Mojitos - The Meyer's lemon mojito (made with agave nectar) is no replacement for the prickly pear version. Stick with original or raspberry. I prefer agave over simple syrup and was able to get a regular mojito made with agave. - Other drinks - My dinner companions liked the sangria, the frozen white sangria, and the Juniper blossom -Ropa vieja (beef and plantains) -like taking a bite of heaven! Perfect combination of sweet and spicy. I almost never eat beef, but I can never turn down this dish! -Remolachas (beet salad) - really fresh and the dressing is amazing - Costilla de Res (braised short rib) - amazingly tender and flavorful, falls off onto your fork - Gnocchi - It was pretty good, but not outstanding the way most of their other dishes are. I would pass. - Pork Adobo and Arrachera are also excellent choices
