Overall: 4.5 but they get the benefit of the doubt because of great service. :) I'm so glad we decided to come here before we left Chicago. We had one lunchtime meal left and we didn't know what to eat. A friend kept raving about Purple Pig, so we Yelped it and weren't going to go, but decided to squeeze it in. It kind if reminds me of Animal in LA. Their menu is Tapas style, and they serve a lot of animal products/parts, so it all seems very exotic. Everything comes in small portions so it's definitely doable to eat your own, or share and taste a lot more variety. I would recommend sharing though, there's just too much on the menu to focus all on a couple things! I totally wish we could come back and try more.  Brussell Sprouts= YES! I've had baked Kale that tastes like this but brussell sprouts are WAY better! They are crispy and salty---think healthy equivalent of fries? 5/5 Octopus= Good, but I wish they gave more than just two legs of the octopus, though they were pretty hefty legs. 4/5 Beets and Goat Cheese = Definitely something to be shared, unless you have a crazy sweet tooth. The beets are already slightly sweet on their own; once you add the creamy goat cheese and the pistachio nuts, you have the perfect dessert. I wish they brought this out to us last, because we were totally missing salty and sweet. (Which isn't too bad, if you think about it). You also might feel like you have to get this because everyone around you will have their own. This is one of those times where giving in to peer pressure is good! 5/5 Bone Marrow = Everyone raves about this, but I don't know, maybe my taste isn't refined enough? Not that it tasted bad or anything, it was actually good, but I don't think it was quite the "MAGIC in your mouth" feeling my roomie described. It tasted a bit like fat cells spread out on some magical bread with salt and onions and cilantro, It wasn't a bad combo but.meh. and DON'T SMELL THE BONE WHATEVER YOU DO! lol it will definitely ruin it. 4/5 These four came out to about $55 so not your regular lunch price, but perfect for date night or a quick nice lunch stop. Also you'd probably have to spend a little bit more to be completely full, but we were satisfied. All in all YUMMMY IN MY TUMMY, as my little niece says.
