I have a feeling that the sheer joy my night at San Soo Gab San continues to bring to me the morning after is a feeling that is going to last for quite some time. I simply cannot do the place justice in my review, but it was, for many reasons, one of the best meals I've ever had.  From the moment we walked in and my fiance nodded his head in approval, I knew it was going to be a great night. For me the joy came in experiencing something wholly new and different, alongside great company who was eager to guide me through it all. Here are my highlights: A) Sitting on the floor, my feet shoeless and happy underneath the hot, smoking table B) Drinking cold sake and Korean plum wine out of the little Korean cups C) Listening to my fiance brush up on his Korean with the servers and entertain me with stories of the years he spent there as a child while he ate his kimchi in delight D) Tasting foods totally foreign to me from a total count of 33 plates that were used during our meal, 3 of which, we never really figured out  E) The attentiveness of our server, from water refills every 5 minutes, to grill changes, to help serving the dishes that were out of our reach, to packing up the leftovers for us. amazing. I really only had two complaints. The first was that the bulgogi we had gotten, unlike the nice long strips sizzling on the neighboring stovetops, seemed like the bottom of the barrel scraps. Little tiny bits that stuck to the grill and were hard to turn. The second is that the whole meal felt very rushed. I was overwhelmed from the start, and we tried to pace ourselves by grilling half of our meats to start. The server, however, had other ideas, and dumped the rest on as soon as our grill was changed, and then proceeded to remove the grill as soon as the second round of proteins were cooked. We ended up sitting at our table for 30 minutes after we paid the bill, talking about the food, sipping on our plum wine, and trying to stretch the experience that went by waaay too fast. Despite those two minor issues, I left the place a little enchanted by the whole evening, with dreams of visiting Korea dancing around my brain. Utterly fantastic.
