The Gage was described to me as a really cool and unique place, with an Irish pub feel to the front, and formal dining towards the back. I was intrigued by this combination, and decided to check it out last night for Restaurant Week. Overall I had a great time, really liked the atmosphere and was very satisfied with both my food and drinks. At first I was skeptical because it is across the street from Millennium Park. But when I walked in it was crowded, which I take as a good sign, and I liked the overall vibe. We couldn't get a real table but one opened up by the bar which worked out better anyway. The Gage has a fantastic selection of draft beers - not a huge selection but quality offerings - Green Line, Paulaner, Gossamer, Stella to name a few. The taps were unique. I was happy. You also have to respect a bar that pours beer into the glasses made for the specific beer. When we sat down our waitress was very nice and had a high beer-iq, which was impressive. We decided to pass on the "restaurant week" deal, as I did not see anyone else indulging and it was pricey. We had a fondue appetizer, which was mediocre, but then had a "Gage burger", which was fantastic. Some reviews on here claim the Gage Burger was an overpriced regular pub burger, but they are very very wrong. You could tell the meat was high quality lean ground beef cooked perfectly, and it was thick. The onions were deliciously caramelized, it was topped with gourmet cheese which blended together nicely. The bread brought everything together, and was not your average hamburger bun. Far from it in toastiness, quality, and taste, however still held the burger together like a true bun should. The fun part were the garnishes that you could place on the burger if you were feeling risky. They included miniature spicy pickles, deliciously rich olives, and the standard lettuce, tomato, and red onion. The pickle that garnished the plate was not timid. It was a full-blown huge dill pickle that provided an awesome crunch to break up the greasy bites of the burger. And then the fries. They were tasty and came in their own separate bowl, as per not to disturb the greatness of the burger plate and mix two different types of greasiness. It's the little things that lead to greatness. The burger got a little sloppy towards the end, but that's probably my fault, not the burgers'. The Gage was relatively expensive. And I say relatively because most other places in Chicago are cheap. I paid prices here that I expected to pay when coming to a major city, based on what I was used to in NYC. $16 for the generous burger with fries, $9 for the fondue appetizer, and $6/beer. Well worth it for the quality service/food/beer you are receiving. Those who don't agree I would venture to call cheap. I'm very torn between 4 and 5 stars. I'll definitely stop back in during the Summer when I'm in the Millennium Park area and make the final decision. Note - as it got later the bar did not fill, it emptied. I would presume to say this is a good "after work" spot, but not a place to make the focus of your night on a Fri/Sat.
