I wanted to like this place, but just couldn't get past some of the flaws. -Food- This may have been caused by some of the disappointment we experienced from the beginning of the ordering process. Wanted to order the butternaut sqaush (as I heard great reviews on this dish), but it was a seasonal item so was not available. I will not hold that one against them. Prior to coming here on Friday, I had looked at the menu and had been excited about trying their Proscuitto Bread Balls. That was one item that they were out of and had informed us before we even looked at the menu upon being seated. THEN, they came back after we placed our order and said they were out of the Deviled Eggs (another item my friend and I were excited about ordering). So just from the ordering process I was already disappointed and needed them to redeem themselves through mind blasting food. Did not happen. We ended up getting: Bone Marrow - not impressed by this dish at all and do not know why people are raving about it. The bread that was used to smear the marrow on top of it, was the highlight of this dish. Tuna and Lima Beans - I have never had lima beans before and was surprised at how much flavor a bean can have just by the seasoning of it. But this dish felt short when we tasted tuna that was not seasoned at all. Chicken of the sea would make the tuna from this dish ashamed.  Pig's Ear - The biggest disappointment of the night next to the striking out fest we had during our ordering. Both parties (communal seating; will explain below) sitting to the left and right of our table had ordered this so we made sure we ordered it. I didn't see any items or ingredients that highlighted this dish. It just did not work. Too greasy. Egg on top did not work well with the salad that came mixed with the pig's ear strips. Scallops and seared Aioli - This was probably the best dish we ordered during the night. But it came towards the end of our meal, and we were probably excited about it as we couldn't see how anything could be worst that what we had already ordered.   -Seating- The seating at this place literally consists of 4 long dining tables (2 inside and 2 outside). Each table seats around 8-10 depending on how much elbow room you are able to win between the people next to you. I don't necessarily hate the idea of communal dining tables (as our night actually turned our better because of this as we had talked to everyone around us about the food and other restaurants in the area. Shout out to our friend Carlos from Mexico), but communal seating did not mesh well with the style of this menu. There was barely enough personal space to enjoy eating off your own dish, but all of the items on the menu were meant to be shared as they were tapas like dishes and just being seated in a communal table having to reach in the middle every 5-10 minutes made it very uncomfortable and did not complement what the owner of this place wanted. This place may have fell victim to the amount of hype I read about it in our local paper and other food websites and "best list". Not sure if it is even date friendly. If you have a group of friends in town that want to try the latest restaurant hype, definitely give it a try.
