the hubby and i celebrated our 2yr anniversary a few weeks ago, and made reservations for the underground saturday menu on oct 17th. we were the first ones there, as we had a 5pm reservation (with ballet tix for 7:30pm)... so it was quiet, and you could hear the kitchen setting up a bit. the place is byob (love it!) so we took a bottle of merlot and sparkling rose with us. the space is nicely decorated - very warm despite the industrial look of exposed piping and brick walls. now, onto the food. before i say anything, let me tell you that i have hearts in my eyes even thinking about this meal :)  1) Grilled Red Romaine, Pink Peppercorn Caesar, Molten Brioche Cubes, Hirame Crudo i could've had 2 or 3 of these salads. the romaine was perfectly grilled, the peppercorn dressing just right (and the right amount on the salad/plate as well), and the crudo so fresh and delicate. however, the star on the plate was by far that molten brioche cube. they could've served those as "bread" all night long and i would've had about 50. they were the BEST "crouton" ever. 2) Wagyu Beef Tartar, Tater Tots, Violet Mustard, Truffle-Battered Fine Herbs i'm not a beef tartar kinda girl... but of course with it being wagyu, i had to at least try it. it was good, no strong meat flavor... but i'm not a fan of the texture. i'm sorry, even for wagyu beef. my hubby gladly ate my portion though, so i'm sure it was delicious. the tater tots on the plate were so good, as were the herbs and mustard. i ate everything else on the plate. :) 3) Scallop Toast, Kombu & Parsnip Broth, Pickled Scallion there's a toss up here... either the 1st course or this course were my favorite of the evening. this course was pure comfort food. it was a piece of toast with scallop mousse, topped with a grilled scallop, served with a cup of parsnip broth and scallions. so delicious. that scallop toast was creamy, warm and crunchy, while the soup was smooth and savory to match it. very delicious, and very well executed. 4) Veal Cheek Chilaquiles, Sunny Side up Quail Eggs, Blue Corn, Smoked Crme Frache the veal cheek was good, very tender meat, well seasoned. the whole dish was very good. no complaints. 5) Humboldt Fog, Tha Basil Puff, Concord Grapes en Gele,Macadamia Crumble yum - another favorite plate! i won't explain each component, other than say it was one of the best "cheese" plates i've ever had. and i wish that i could buy a bag of those macadamia crumble cookies to take home for tea! 6) Dessert: Apples and Oranges by this time, i was absolutely stuffed, so i couldn't truly enjoy my dessert. it was an apple spiced cake with something else (i'm sorry, i can't remember because i don't remember eating much of it). i did try the apple cake, which was nicely spiced and moist. the hubby just loved it and finished all of his dessert. :) overall - this was a stellar meal, very reasonably priced for the quality of the food, and has excellent and friendly service. i can see why it's a favorite for so many. it's definitely been added to our list of favorites... plus the byob factor just pushes it up the list. LOVE bonsoiree.
