My wife and I have been eating here on and off for the almost 2 years that we've lived in the neighborhood. I've tried many things on the menu, and although I am no vegetarian, the hoppin John is my favorite dish. I really like blackeyed peas and rice and they can add cheese, onions, etc. Good stuff! The portions are more than big enough, and the price is OK, not cheap, but not expensive. The omelets are OK, just kinda average. When I want a really good omelet I go to Ann Sather on Belmont. I had a breakfast burrito once. They stuffed it really well, but it wasn't possible to pick it up because it was too soggy. They also loaded the top with sour cream - yuck. It tasted good, though. The red beans and rice are pretty good, but I need to add hot sauce. I've made better at home, but it's a pain to cook red beans and rice so I don't mind ordering them here. The reason(s) for subtracting one star: mistakes, tiny 2 person tables, and the back room. Though the wait-staff is very nice, We've had: 1. scrambled eggs brought instead of over-medium 2. Cheese grits brought instead of regular (...) 3. Attempts to bring us other people's food (!) I guess it could be a lot worse, but if you're gonna do a front waiter/back waiter setup, you have to really do it right or things get mixed up. My wife has recognized some of her high school students working as hosts, so there ya go. Tiny 2-person tables: You know, the kind that you get if it's busy (and if you are a party of 2 people.) There's nothing more obnoxious than a loud conversation on either side of you, coupled with the inconvenience of being reached over by the wait-staff (to drop food, take orders, refill (?) etc.), and being skipped for refills because you have been smashed into a child-size seating area and it's difficult to get over there. If I wanted to eat at I-Hop, I would be there, not here. The back room: Meh. I don't come here to drink booze, I come to eat. I always request to be seated in the front, screaming kids and all. At least screaming kids know when to shut up and eat, unlike the horrible hipsters that we had to sit next to once. Couple that with the fact that there is a horrible echo quality to the back room, so if enough people are drunk and shouting hipster-speak at the top of their lungs, you literally cannot hear yourself think. Plus, on certain weeknights there are puppets and a band out front, so why would you want to miss that? It's a good place to eat, but only once-in-a-while these days. It's cheaper to eat at the Whole Foods hot/salad bar across the street, and sometimes, the ambiance is better there :-) Ohhh yeah, something I almost forgot - the brunch menu on weekends. When I want lunch, I want lunch, not brunch. There's really no reason I should not be able to order lunch at 2pm on a Saturday, unless I'm at Wishbone :-( How about having 2 menus - what's the deal with that? Plenty of other restaurants do it. In fact, minus one more star for that :-(
