After spending the previous week in New Orleans and thoroughly enjoying the Southern, Creole, and Cajun cuisine of the region, my cravings continued upon returning to Chicago. I could have died for some spicy Gumbo or Jambalaya or maybe a tasty, sugary sweet Beignet or slice of Red Velvet Cake... I found Big Jones on Yelp, checked out the menu and was pretty intrigued. The other day I decided it was the day to fill my taste buds and stomach with some southern wonders. Upon walking into the restaurant, I really was struck by the design. It reminded me of the charming, old world Galatoires Restaurant in New Orleans, but mixed with a good dose of modern urban chic. For 7pm on a Monday the restaurant seemed oddly dead, I believe there was one other table occupied. It would fill up a little more as the evening progressed, but still an underwhelming crowd. Our waiter and the rest of the staff were extremely attentive and helpful, but something was amiss. The service seemed friendly, but still cold and uptight. I would have loved a little more relaxed and warm staff. The menu looked great - a ton of delicious looking choices. I asked the waiter what was the best entree the on the menu and he recommended the Country Friend Steak and the Gumbo. For appetizers we ended up ordering the Beet Salad and the Gumbo. The salad was very good. The Gumbo was good, but not great. I found that it was thin and seemed to resemble a spicy vegetable beef soup more than anything. They also brought out cornbread, which again was good, but nothing great. It was moist, but just bland. For entrees we ordered the Country Friend Steak, which was good, but nothing special. I did find the deep friend mashed potatoes very interesting, though. We also ordered the Pulled Pork Sandwich, which was good. For dessert we had the Red Velvet Cake. It took about 25mins for the dessert to come out. We thought they just forgot about us - I mean how long does it take to get a slice of cake? What they didn't tell us was that it was made-on-order. Which is great, but we need to be informed of that. As for the cake itself: like all the dishes, it was good (a bit too dry), but nothing great. It did have a tasty sweet cream on top. Everything at Big Jones looked great: the restaurant itself, the menu, the actual presentation of the food... but the food itself was ultimately very underwhelming - seemed to have a lot of style, but little substance.
