Last night, I was supposed to go to Geja's for the first time with some friends after seeing the Zoo Lights at LP Zoo. What a fun night! Unfortunately, I left Geja's feeling like I wanted to cry. My friend had a Groupon to Geja's, which expired a few weeks ago. She went into Geja's on the date it expired, and the host told her she could use it any time until January. GREAT! So she made a reservation, and mentioned that she had the Groupon. No one contested it. So we get to Geja's and the hostess tells us we cannot use the Groupon until Jan.2 - no Groupons during the holidays. We were bummed, but we understood. So we get seated, and the manager comes over and tells us that he noticed we mentioned having Groupon in our reservation (from Open Table). My friend informs him that the host had told her she could use the Groupon any time until January. And then the night turned very sour. The manager raises his voice in defense and tells our friend that she is wrong and she can't use it until January 2. She says, okay well that is what I was told, but its not a big deal. The manager continues in a rude tone that bordered on calling my friend an outright liar, saying she must be making it up because he will not allow us to use it.  My husband then got up from the table, after seeing how much the rude man upset us, and told the manager that he understood we couldn't use the Groupon, but that he felt the manager was rude and abrupt to us and basically called us liars. The manager shrugged his shoulders, and told my husband that he told his staff that you can't use the Groupon until after Jan. 2, and that he knows his staff, so obviously someone was lying. We decided to leave because this man had made us so uncomfortable by making harshly worded accusations toward us. And we were ready to come back to Geja's AGAIN in January to honor his instructions, and pay full price last night. So much for trying to play nice. I will never return to Geja's after how they treated us. I am so disappointed because I've heard great things....but there are hundreds of other romantic restaurants in Chicago that don't have rude service, and don't make you smell of oils the rest of the night. Try Bonsoiree in Logan Square or Stained Glass in Evanston.
