Last week, my husband and I were really busy with work and being in a wedding the weekend before, we hadn't had a chance to go grocery shopping. I think our cupboards were more bare than Old Mother Hubbard's. So we had ordered thai the night before and we were looking for another and hopefully new delivery option. And it's slightly more tricky because I'm a vegetarian. So I trusted my fellow yelpers to help me out. I searched around and came across Calo's. They have such a large and pretty diverse menu that I knew I could find something very easily to please the taste buds. And it just so happened, their special of the day was baked lasagna, meat or veggie for 8.50. Now if anyone has ever attempted to make lasagna, you'll know it's sort of a pain in the butt. So any chance I can get to eat lasagna without having to make it, I'll take it. Just call me Garfield. (If you didn't get that reference, than you didn't watch enough quality tv when you were younger! :0) ) According other Yelpers, the delivery was fast and the food always comes to your door pipping hot. And duh, of course the Yelpers were right on both accounts. It was burning hot actually. Like burnt my hand when I pulled it out of the bag hot. But it didn't matter because the taste of the lasagna would have made up for third degree burns. It was SO yummy-tons of flavor, just the right amount of cheese, sauce and spinach together. And the portion was enough to fill up any fat cat. But I knew better, and saved more than half for a meal the next day. And it was just as tasty! My hubby had the Italian beef sandwich w/fries and it was ridiculously massive too. It was quite comical watching him try to eat that thing. It blows any sandwich shop's attempt right out of the water. And it was only 6.95. An excellent deal. The only thing I would say isn't fantastic is their bread. It's so so. Not crusty or soft, sort of chewy and there wasn't any flavor to it. Oh and we also had a salad to split, the Mediterranean, and it was huge and delicious and also was another meal the next day. All in all, great food experience. Next we will have to experience eating in at Calo's. And in case you were wondering, we went to the market and got our selves groceries and even our dog a bone.
