Hmm veeeerrrrrry interesting. I have some mixed feelings about this place, but I decided the entrees were all so delicious, it can almost excuse my frustrations that occurred earlier on.  The host staff, for such a crazy busy and loud restaurant, was surprisingly friendly, calm, attentive, and accomodating. The restaurant is really loud, but ask for a quiet table, and they'll put you in the back room, which is really nice.  Our server greeted us, casually leaning up against our booth in his swarthy, rico suave attitude, as if to say, "yes, I know I am the hotter version of crocodile dundee, welcome." Ahem, anyway, so he took down our beer orders, and then...disappeared. Some other server showed up to also take our drink orders, they've already been taken. Some other server again showed up to give us our drinks and take our food orders. The previous guy showed up and asked if we were ready to order.....WHAT IS GOING ON HERE?!?! So confused, am I being punked? So we ordered the carmelized lobster appetizer and the goat w/gnocchi. Mainly cause goat apparently is the new trendy meat fashion. And it was good! I wish there was more gnocchi on the plate, don't be stingy with the gnocchi people! But all in all it was tasty. The lobstery app was very meh, with a huge amount of quinoa and like some daps of lobster which honestly tasted and looked more like shrimp than lobster, oh well. Things are looking kinda ho-hum, and my head is spinning from the server merri-go-round. Thank God the entrees were crazy delicious. I had the duck confit w/duck breast, and gotta say YUM! Delicious sauce, perfectly cooked, CRISPY skin HELLO! Served with white asparagus, which I think is kinda gross, but who cares, The duck was amazing. Also try the whitefish, very light and simple, but flavorful and delicious. The pork chop, I also heard from my dining mate, was delicious, but it has this "smokey malto-dextrin powder" on it according to our server, which is supposed to give it a bbq/right off the grill flavor.  UMMM, how about you guys just put it on the grill and give it that bbq flavor, that's unsettling. Oh well, the guy eating it loved it and loved the maltodextrin-aliciousness of it. Go figure. All in all, I would PROBABLY come back, I mean the entrees were super good, if I was in the area, but really wouldn't take extra effort to go there specifically. Figure out the kinks in your wait-staff. They get thumbs up for the sustainable, local ingredients.
