stayed at the Westin on N. Michigan Avenue during Memorial Day Weekend. First off, we landed in O'Hare and took the subway to the hotel. After switching trains in downtown Chicago and walking 6 blocks we finally arrived at the hotel. There are only two things going for the Westin on Michigan Ave, it's location to shopping and the Westin Heavenly Bed. One of which you could get at another Westin or Starwoods property and the other via taxi. Check in was quick and since I am a "preferred Starwoods Member" I was told I was upgraded to a higher floor reserved for "preferred members". The room did not appear to be "preferred". It was directly behind the service elevators and I could hear the elevators operating all day and night. Luckily I brought ear plugs to wear while sleeping otherwise I would have gotten no sleep. Additionally, the rooms themselves are not quiet. You could hear anyone and everyone in the hallways (and there were lots of unruly screaming children running down the halls too). The room itself was on the smaller side, a king size bed, two night stands, a bureau with TV on top, desk and soft chair with ottoman. My one complaint about the furniture, which I don't usually comment on, was that there were not drawers on the nightstands only doors that opened to the space below. Additionally, there were no drawers in the desk either. The only drawers in the room were the 4 small drawers in the bureau under the TV. The other part of the bureau housed the refrigerator with stocked overpriced items. The bathroom was standard for a hotel room and appeared clean although the housekeeping staff never gave us an extra towel or soap or shampoo. Being a preferred member I also got free Wi-fi access, however, the wi-fi here was pathetic. I had faster service on my 3G phone than the wifi, it was a worthless benefit. A big beef I have with hotels is that the beds are not completely made. After sleeping in the bed once I once again found that the sheets did not reach the bottom of the bed and the mattress and the small mattress pad were exposed. I had to pull off all the sheets and covers so that the staff would correct it. Additionally, the Westin usually gives you extra pillows in the room, this Westin did not, however, housekeeping did provide us with a few extra pillows. Westin offers a workout facility in each of their hotels. I've been to some really nice hotel facilities and some not-so nice ones, this hotel ranks in the middle. They did provide dumbbells but had no cable machine and 4 plate type machines. There were also a couple of aerobic machines (treadmill/ellipticals) but not many. Our room did not have a view either. We overlooked another building across the way. As I stated in the beginning, the Westin Heavenly bed was the only plus to our visit. Would be stay here again? No, while we like Starwood properties, we would try another first. When you pay more money for a Starwood property, you expect higher service and quality. This property did not deliver.
