so we had heard so many different things about this much awaited and confusing concept... we had to give them a try. the exterior of the building is made of common jagged stone that alone wouldn't look like much but, its impressively beautiful in a simple and natural almost and i hate to use the word organic way. the patio and exterior are really calming but exciting too, we entered into a large, somewhat empty room but for the lack of other diners the room felt full of positive energy. the staff was pleasant and it was refreshing how respectful and formal yet down to earth and happy they seemed? so the room is grand there is no doubt, strong but warm. i loved the art work! big blown up photos of simple foods. are these the ingredients of what we were about to eat? where these photos taken here? anyway, my husband wasn't sure about this place, organic? sprout? but to his surprise the menu has meat! lamb, tenderloin, and a cheese filled burger! he was happy about that burger, when it arrived even though it didn't have a bun. he was curious about the TVs over the impressive bar?the manager or owner came buy to greet us by name. (good hostess at the door. i remembered how nice it was that she asked us our first names when i called.) nice work Mr manager/owner guy. you made us feel like we were having dinner at a friends place. the chef delivered a complementary starter course. small and dainty but delicious. she seemed so proud of her work and happy to serve us. the prices were high but there were less expensive options. i had a lasagna... no pasta just sliced veggies... so good. where are they getting the tomatoes to make that sauce? anyway, we just loved the place and our server by the way was professional but also casual. nice mix sprout. french-organic. fancy but friendly. expensive but not. ill be back with my girlfriends for some of those organic cocktails. my husband thought the wine list needed some work, but i cant imagine there are many organic wines available. good luck sprout. we'll be back.
