Nice restaurant for the area.I have been trying to get to this restaurant since i was in Los Angeles.I had been looking at the reviews for the best vegetarian places to eat in Chicago for about a few weeks before i came home to visit my mom in Waukegan,Illinois. After several failed attempts to get here while in the city a few times ,i figured i should make a special trip to get there.It's not like me to make a 40 mile run for food, but i figured this place was special.All of the reviews spoke kindly of this place..(most anyway). Well i finally arrived here today after taking the Metra from the suburbs and then i took the C.T.A. #151(Chicago's city buses),and i was on that about an hour and a half due to all of the traffic rerouting from the Air and Water Show at the beach. I got off on Halsted and something, i cant remember and walked down the street which was about 3 blocks.On the way there i saw a number of gay looking people and an actual couple that were gay.Two men holding hands..It finally dawned on me that the rainbow flags that i had been looking at posted everywhere meant that i was in a gay and Lesbian area of Chicago that i hadn't known anything about. After acknowledging this i felt better because i knew i would be in a tolerable area where discrimination wouldn't be something that would be celebrated but rather frowned upon. I walked up to the restaurant and my first impression from around the place was that it probably was going to be filled with a bunch of gay guys and extra crowded(gay guys were outside hanging out).I got in and found out i was wrong from the start.They had every seat filled and it was men and women in there. I was thinking that i was going to have to get my order to go when the hostess told me their was seating in the back patio area. I said cool and decided to stay.The back patio area is accessible by going through a portion of the kitchen ,and i felt weird going through it since it didn't look that nice..not so much dirty, just old,small and crowded with a few people in it .It would make you think why would they even bring people this way?,this isn't what you want to see before you sit down and eat! I sat down and I had two wait staff people.I noticed that it was only arm room only up in there.I was given a glass of water that had cucumber slices in it.This changed the taste of the water dramatically, but no so much for the worst ,just not as delicious as maybe filtered water with a twist of lemon or lime in it. I decided to order the sandwich combo because i figured that would be easy for me.I got the Gyro with a side of sweet potato fries.Ill just say that they tried their best..I don't think a non-vegetarian would be pleased completly.Since I'm a vegetarian I'll give it 4 stars.This meal would have been given a2 or a 3 by someone that maybe was expecting the comparison to be a little bit closer in taste to a real Gyro.The pita fries weren't the best, but they has a sweet taste and i think they were homemade. I got a second entree to take home with me and i purchased the Reuben sandwich with a side order of mac and cheese.My personal opinions have to be hidden since i think i might not like Reuben sandwiches to begin with.I don't want to hinder anyone from the experience of a great tasting sandwich. I had them add Daiya cheese and the other stuff that comes with it didn't appeal to my tastebuds..This is not to say that i wont finish my sandwich.I'm just saying i wouldn't be ordering this again.The mac and cheese in the "to go" tray was just a dollop and not really that much.I was upset since vegan Mac and cheese is tasty..I enjoyed the little of it that i could. That's all for now but i want everyone to know that to me this place is a 4 star but for others i could fairly say that today's entrees would have to be a 3.. But it's really funny the loyalty us Vegetarians have to our restaurants.Even though i wasn't the happiest with todays selection, i refuse to give this place a bad review..I see potential, and i wont give a bad review to an establishment that puts together a good presentation at least. I know i can be weird like that with my reviews.Maybe I'm just an ass-kisser in denial, or a crowd follower that doesn't want to give this place a bad review..Ill let you know next year when i come here again and try a third entree...They do say three times a charm.I wont drop any stars until i know about the third meal..if it's good then ill boost them up a star, if their bad then ill drop them down one! I'm so confused right now, maybe i should have just given them 3 stars and called it a night.Im tired already!
