Drake = disappointing Having lived in Chicago my entire life, I was PUMPED about a night at the Drake. It's an icon... looking all magnificent and dignified when you see it while driving down LSD.  A good friend of mine decided to use his points to treat my husband and myself to a night downtown for my birthday. The Mr. had bought tickets for Mary Poppins and was taking me out for sushi... it was shaping up to be a pretty bitchin' birthday. Check in: quick, painless. Lobby is impressive. Rooms: Frankly, I've stayed in better hotels that charge less per night. What you're getting at the Drake is location... well... that and customer service (supposedly). The beds were comfy, the bathroom nice but it all left me underwhelmed. Except for the view. The view of LSD was awesome. The beds were super comfy... I will certainly give them that. A run down of our experience:  Customer service: not great. Not even good. My friends had decided to order us some appetizers and a birthday cake and have it delivered to our room. They requested it be delivered after 6:00 to ensure that we were settled in before it came. Pretty much moments after we got into our room at 3:30-ish, we had a knock on the door. The spread was awesome but I feel bad that our friends had requested a specific time and it was disregarded. Oh well. So we went out, had a great evening... had a great sleep... then upon checkout, saw that the room had been charged for the cake and apps that our friends had sent. Me being the one who never wants to create trouble just told my husband to charge the expense... it was a nice thought but they shouldn't have to pay for our cake. But he insisted just in case we were BOTH charged for that goofy cake. So, he called our friends who were then embarassed. It took a few minutes for us to clear it up at the hotel but our poor friend was dealing with it for days.  I guess the long and the short is that we were supposed to have awesome customer service and didn't get it. Super disappointing. If we ever want to do a night downtown again, we might as well go to the Westin or something down the street that is going to be cheaper with better service.  But MANY THANKS to our generous friends that hooked up the room and treats! :)
