i had high hopes for this place because it gets rave reviews but i don't know if it was as good as i expected. it's possible we came on an off day, but i just wasn't terribly impressed. i came here with my family and we had szechaun style sliced beef and maw, hot and sour soup (both the regular and house versions), sole fish fillet with pickled cabbage in spicy soup, yu shiang pork, garlic sauteed peapod greens, spicy lamb satay, and a sweet eggplant dish. the sliced beef and maw was a really great appetizer. it's one of my favorite cold dishes and i think they did it really well here. it was spicy and had a good dose of si chuan peppercorns. the fish soup was also pretty good. it didn't look spicy at all, but there were a ton of pepper seeds in it and also heavily seasoned with white ground pepper. the lamb satay was pretty standard but a little dry. plus it was really expensive for a tiny bit of what is essentially street food in china. the disappointment was the yu shiang pork. it was listed as one of the house specials and that got my dad excited because this is his favorite dish (he's from si chuan) and always orders it as an indication of whether a restaurant is good. it wasn't bad, but he didn't like that it wasn't authentic. i don't care about authenticity usually as long as it's good, but i have to say it was too sweet for me too. the servers were nice and spoke great mandarin and english, which is always a plus, but service was kind of spotty still. there was a line out the door when we got there (which is how my dad decided we should eat here), and it was unclear who was taking names and how we were supposed to go about putting a name in. we were finally seated upstairs and that was kind of weird because it was really quiet and there was no music or any ambient noise. also, we ordered an additional dish halfway through the meal and had to wait almost a half hour after we were done eating for that to show up. i think they just forgot to make it and when we asked if we could cancel it, they made it up really quick and told us we couldn't cancel it because it was already made. plus there is a boss-ish guy with a huge diamond stud earring that was intimidating even though he wasn't unpleasant exactly. i want to come back here and give this place another chance. i got outvoted on twice-cooked pork and tea-smoked duck, which are my indicators. so i'll probably be back to try those here, but not because of having a great experience the first time.
