hello. my name is jillian, and i'm a glorified salt fiend. omg. so after an evening frolic through the modern wing, my best friend and i decided to grab a late bite and drinks at my newest neighborhood haunt. i am so glad that we did! the beers. oh the beers!!! first of all, the menu (which is bigger than the food menu, i might add) boasts 74 different brews - 15 of which are on draft. there's something for every palate, and from every corner of the earth. i stuck to the draft list, contenting myself with two american brews - hometown hero half acre's daisy cutter (holy crap! try it!!!) and new belgium brewing's dandelion ale (a creamy, fruity delight). my friend stuck by goose island matilda, since the mad hatter was dry. he too was delighted. and the prices...the average microbrew is $4!! no joke!! then the food. the menu, while brief, is inspired and delivers. we headed straight for the mains, my friend ordering the beer can chicken sandwich with creole fries, while i ordered the lucky duck (a duck confit GRILLED CHEESE!! hot damn!!) with truffle fries. of course we shared. and we both chose winners. his sandwich was so aromatic, and the flavor intensely satisfying. and then my lovely duck...i savored every decadent bite. as for the fries. the truffle fries oozed earthiness. but i actually preferred the straightforward fries au naturel. they are perfectly seasoned. (oh yeah. i forgot to mention. every sandwich comes with hand cut fries. we chose to upgrade ours to two of the specialty seasoned ones. we assumed our plates would come with the substitutions, but oh no friends. our sandwiches shared a plate with the standard spuds...and we each received a gigantic bowl of the specialty variety we requested...for a wee 75 more!!) service was attentive and helpful. we even were moved to a new table (the place was packed when we arrived, and they had to set us up in an awkward place that made it impossible for the waitress to reach the table beside us) without having to request it, AND the host gave us a beer on the house! i'll be back. oh yes. there's more savory to savor...and more brews to imbibe!
