Excellent dining experience in a wonderful atmosphere! I've been to this location several times for dinner and it never fails to impress. The meat here is spectacular, but I'm not wholly impressed with the salad bar. It has a wide variety of items and they're good, but unlike the meat, it doesn't knock your socks off. If you're in the mood for a fun meal in a relaxing and beautiful atmosphere, then Texas de Brazil is a great place to visit! EDIT: I recently returned to Texas de Brazil (Saturday 11/12/11) and had a 5 star experience that began with 0 star hospitality. So, I wanted to make some suggestions if you plan to go. 1&gt; Try to avoid dining there on Fridays or Saturdays. I made reservations for 8:00 and we weren't seated until 8:30. The place is a madhouse on weekends. 2&gt; Ask for seating on the first floor. 3&gt; If you're unhappy, tell a manger, don't just leave. They will definitely make up for any problem you have. My wife, two friends, and I went to Texas de Brazil on Saturday and were seated upstairs. This is the first time I dined on the second floor. Staffing on the second floor seems to be minimal. We were finally greeted by the bartender after waiting at the table for 20 minutes. Another 20 minutes later, he arrived with our drinks. We had no silverware and despite having servers and managers pass by (we were seated next to the server station), none seemed to pay us any attention. We were seated but not given a server apparently. Additionally, other guests seemed to be a little frustrated because very few gauchos were coming to the second floor to serve food. 40 minutes in, we still hadn't eaten and were about to leave. My wife literally grabbed a passing manager and very calmly and politely described our complete lack of satisfaction. Within minutes, fresh drinks arrived, we had two servers waiting on us, gauchos were stopping by our table about every 2 minutes, and while the gauchos occasionally ask if you have any requests, they were now asking if we wanted anything specific every time they came bay. Additionally, two managers stopped by to apologize for the poor service. In the end, it was a very rough start with an excellent finish. Pedro, the manager we initially spoke with also removed our drinks from the bill and insisted on giving us free desserts as compensation. I still highly recommend Texas de Brazil, but from now on, I'm going to specifically request a table where the servers and the gauchos tend to be... the first floor.
