Wildfire? More like "Lukewarm" ooo, ya' burnt! But surriously, it's just ok. We enjoyed the cozy booth and low key atmosphere. It's nice they have coat check as well. After being sat we waited for a while to be greeted so I placed our drink order with the expeditor who ran the bread to our table. Ten minutes after that our server approached and asked us for our drink order. He was surprised we had placed it. At this point he was by no means slammed in his section, so thereafter became a bit more attentive. We had: The bread It's pumpernickel with raisins and onion bread served warm. Good but only take a bite of each. Martini Flight Very sugary. I thought it was ok. Green Line beer The beer list is small here and has few craft beers or imports. Filet Trio with Horseradish, Blue Cheese and Double baked potato crusts Surf and Turf When the entrees came it's extremely overcooked and charred. We ordered them med rare but couldn't even cut through them with steak knives. How could they overcook them that much? The server took them back for new ones since even he saw and commented they were blackened. The new ones were pretty good. The "surf" of the surf and turf was a misnomer. It's described as a lobster tail with crab souffl on top. Yea! It's literally the tail of a lobster. The hollow shell. No meat inside. Wha-at?! Lol! You got us on that one! The crab mish mash on top was full of butter and bread. My partner didn't like it. Sides of skin on mashed potatoes and macoroni and cheese. Excellent!  Pia Colada Martini Good Three mini desserts of French silk, key lime, and snickers ice cream pies. They were given due to the misstep of our initial entrees being cremated. Ok. We each had two half bites since we didn't want dessert. Though it's a kind gesture. If people don't or can't have dessert or sweets the gift doesn't alleviate the flawed entrees. It seems like a good place for dates and families. I found it kinda romantic in the big cozy booth and dark room. We felt it was ok but aren't fired up to go back again.
