A friend who lives in Bridgeport took me to this restaurant this morning, and I had never heard of it, but boy am I glad she knew about this place! The first impression is of a clean, open, bright, and airy place - a real oasis on a steamy summer morning. It doesn't have that "sterile" feel that some restaurants can have who use this decor. It still feels inviting and welcoming. (Be warned, however, that it is noisy - the brick walls, wood floors, and high ceilings are beautiful, but it can be difficult to hear the others at your table if you're there at the peak of service.) The service was fantastic. It was my first time, so our waiter walked me through a few highlights without feeling like he was trying to up-sell me on anything - they felt like genuine recommendations. I really wanted to try the fried chicken and waffles, but it was out of my budget for the morning, so instead, I got the omelet special (duck confit with rapini, bacon, and parmesan) and my friend got the stuffed french toast. And as I love doing, we split each in half so we could each try something sweet and something savory/salty. Both were so delicious! I could have eaten the whole loaf of the french toast bread (brioch, I think?), and it was so light without skimping on the flavor. You could tell that the berries were fresh because their flavor was so pure, not sugared-up. And the omelet was the perfect portion - once I got past the fact that it wasn't glued together with gobs of cheese like most other omelets, I enjoyed it more than those other kinds - you could taste each element and enjoy it on its own or with the other flavors. I'm not a huge bacon fan, so that flavor was a little overwhelming to me. And since I'm used to those "other" breakfast places, the portion of potatoes seemed small at first. But once I finished my breakfast, I didn't have that bogged-down feeling that usually comes. Which leads me to the best part of this restaurant. The food is fresh, organic, and well-portioned, so you walk out of there feeling really good and ready to start the day. I didn't feel like I needed to roll back into bed, which is normally the case. You will feel energized, healthy, and fulfilled by this meu. I didn't have a chance to look at the lunch menu at the restaurant, but maybe that's a good thing because I might have been tempted just to stay at my table until lunchtime rolled around. Their menu is available on their website, and now that I've seen it, I can't wait to return. And I'll definitely be taking my husband back to try their house-made chorizo. It was a fantastic way to kick-off my weekend and I will be back ASAP.
