I love brunch, and I love Chicago, and Meli is the home of the best brunch in Chicago. Period. Unfortunately, a lot of people know this, so if you arrive in late morning on a weekend, it's going to be a long wait for a table. Sometimes, it's going to be a really, really long wait. On really, really long wait days, they give you a pager and send you down the block to another restaurant (not open for brunch), where you can sit and have a cup of complimentary coffee in the bar. Awesome! I usually try to get out of bed early so I don't get stuck waiting, but once, I waited over an hour for a table. It was still worth it. The menu is huge, everything is good, and most things are excellent. Even before the great salmonella outbreak of 2010, they were using cage-free eggs. They use local organic produce whenever possible, and you can taste the difference. I'm normally a pancake girl, but their omelettes are so excellent that I almost always get an omelette here. One of my favourites is the Fresh Omelette, with huge chunks of artichokes, but I also often order from the specials. It's a little more expensive, but the quality of the ingredients is worth it. A couple of times, I've had a weird interaction with the wait staff (I think they're told to push the specials sometimes) and at busy times, you might need to flag someone down for a coffee refill, but for the most part, the service is great. Even though a ton of people come in and out of here all the time, they recognize the regulars. I'm not an every day regular, or even an every week regular. I've probably eaten here 10-15 times over the past year and a half, but one of the waitresses always recognizes my mom and me, which is nice. The space is bright and sunny, the coffee is Lavazza done well, the juices are fresh, the pancakes and french toast are excellent, and sometimes I dream about the omelettes. And in the hazy food dream I've just induced for myself, I almost forgot to mention the baby red potatoes. If you order something that doesn't come with baby reds (like pancakes or french toast), order a side. You must, you must, you must. I know you probably don't know me very well, but trust me on this one. I don't kid about potatoes.
