For some reason I thought this place was considered a dive bar so when I walked into it I expected to see just that. I entered into a dark dimly lit bar with red glowing lights and felt as if I just walked into a vampire bordello but instead of bloodsuckers everywhere, there was hip day walkers. Being a Friday they did have some room at the bar but since I was with others we decided to go into a back room which was more lit and less lounge like. The waitress was very nice and helpful and dropped down this book which I thought was the menu only to open a extensive beer list. It was almost to difficult to pick a beer because there was too many to choose from. It was kind of like the menu at Cheesecake Factory where it's overwhelming so you just end up getting what you had last time. Normally I start off with PBR or High Life but I decided to try a preselected beer flight since you can't make your own, bummer. As we waited we noticed they had all types of board games and realized that the tables around us where already in mid play. Instantly this reminded me of Guthrie's on Addison but not as comfy. We decided to play Scrabble and just as we start to play our beers come and my flight is huge and served on a paddle plank, almost no room for the game board now. I taste my first beer from the five offered and it taste sour and vinegary, gross I almost spit. I assume it's bad so I taste the second beer and it's the same. I get the waitress and tell her that I think the first two beers are from a bad tap. She says no because they are sour beers made from peach and other tart fruits so that's how they taste and they are considered excellent. I wish she had said that before, because I would have not chosen the flight and selected something more enjoyable. Despite the sourness, I down the first 2 because now I feel obligated, then I drink from the 3rd beer which tasted better, thank god. When I go to put the beer back on the paddle, the paddle has indented rings where the beers sit in. I accidentally place it on the lip of the indent and it spill all over the Scrabble board, triple soaked words and double letters floating all over. Felt like an ass but the staff came to our aid without rolling their eyes at me in judgment, which I appreciated. So all in all even though this place was not what I thought it was going to be, I rather enjoyed it and would definitely come back to try the food and just sit at the bar to get the insight on which beers are the better tasting and not made from sour fruit. As of yesterday, I am not a fan of beer and fruit.
