Call it a case of funny fate that a guy who is unabashedly proud of his love for pork finally decides to write his first review after visiting a restaurant that reveres the pig. I came here with a group of friends after a Yelp Chicago event for a late night snack of sorts - my buddy had seen the pork rinds mentioned on The Best Thing I Ever Ate, and suggested we try.  I have to stay, after much initial skepticism over the TV hype and the large pig paintings on the walls, I slowly found myself loving the Publican. From the clean, no non-sense decor (beautiful wood tables and chairs, gorgeous communal bathroom sink, and the best part - doors on the boothes!) to the impressively knowledgeable service staff (the server not only seemed to have a mastery of the menu, but also gave honest and helpful suggestions on food for us Publican virgins) to the excellent food, the people behind Publican seemed to hit all the right chords.  We started out our meal, of course, with the fabled pork rinds, and after expecting some fancied-out version of the salty, processed, bagged rinds from my Filipino childhood, I almost had a time-standing-still moment. These were, in fact, the best pork rinds I've ever eaten: surprisingly light and flavorful (we were told they were brushed with some amazing jalapeno cheddar cheese), enough so that you forget you're eating, um, pig skin.  After that, we all shared an order of the porchetta, which if I remember correctly was a pork tenderloin wrapped in crisp pork belly. Simply AMAZING - it was perfectly prepared and cooked, with beautiful color and just enough of a strip of fat left on. I'm actually salivating a little just thinking about it now.  As for other things on the menu, it seems like there's quite a selection of meats (centered around pork, of course) and seafood, and a very impressive beer list which I'm positive I'll explore during my next visit.  I personally love that all of the food comes from nearby Midwestern farms and breweries, and also that the menu decides to give due credit to them.  All in all, Publican is a great place - prices were relatively reasonable considering the high level of quality you're getting here. Come with a group like I did and it's really not so bad per person - it's not cheap-cheap, but I've certainly paid much more for a lesser experience. The lack of pretension in the atmosphere (though you can see that some of the patrons are actually big rollers) made me feel like this could be a cool alternative date-place, appropriate for both the fancy-fooders and regular football-watching everyday dudes like me. Well done, guys, I'm glad you're now on my radar...
