Mediocre food, reasonably priced. The description beside the 2 star option in Yelp says it all -- Meh, I've experienced better. The menu is great, authentic Italian, with simple ingredients that should work. Too bad the execution is Meh. I am reviewing the dishes of both myself and my dining companion.APPETIZERS:Panzanella -- really? Refrigerate the salad in advance? I guess that works as long as one of the star ingredients of the dish isn't an ingredient that loses all of its flavor once refrigerated. Oh wait... it is. Made all the worse by the fact that the tomatoes in the panzanella looked like they were probably great before they were refrigerated.Carpaccio - horrible. The worst I've had. I had to send it back. The first clue should have been the white mayonnaise-like sauce garnishing the dish. a: there was too much of it. b: it was not a good sauce. c: why not put just EVOO since you have a whole paragraph on the menu describing how good your olive oil is? d: over peppered. A raw thinly-sliced tenderloin of beef should have a mild flavor. You don't want to over-pepper that and then cover it with a creamy-mayonnaisy sauce. Unless perhaps it is because the meat is not good. Which it wasn't. Perhaps they were going for a throwback to the old days of French cooking where creamy sauces were used to cover rotten meat. Yuck. Nobody likes a gamy carpaccio.Peach Salad (replaced the carpaccio). If you are going to offer a peach salad in peach season, have good peaches. Most of my bites were either under-ripe or pasty-fleshy (not enough juice). The goat cheese crumbled within the salad was delicious. Another dish that should have been good based on the ingredients, but wasn't.MAINS:Fish Stew (Sapore di mare) - At this point I was expecting overcooked seafood with shrimps that had not had their GI tract removed. I am happy to say that all of my seafood was both prepared and cooked perfectly. The broth/sauce, however, was lacking in flavor. It should scream with delicious sea flavors. White wine, garlic, tomatoes... how could you NOT make this good? I should be disappointed with not having another piece of bread to dip in a savory delicious sauce. Rather it was the sauce/broth that was disappointing.Branzino - cooked whole, then fileted by the staff. Awkward flavours... tangerine or orange? Why not just classic olive oil and lemon juice? Fish was almost cooked perfectly though (just a touch overdone), was very fresh and delicious but for the detracting tangerine flavors.DESSERTS:Would you have stayed for dessert after this beginning? Neither did we. I was too busy wishing I had eaten at Il Mulino or Cafe Spiaggia. Perhaps I should have stopped by Cafe Spiaggia for another taste of the best Beignets I have ever had...
