So first, me in a nutshell: - Will eat anything - Never been to Michelin restaurant before this - Even writes Yelp reviews for McDonald's As you can see, I don't exactly have the most refined taste. In fact, I hadn't even heard about Alinea until a few months ago, and I never in a million years expected to find myself here, athough I've drooled over the yelp pictures quite a few times. So I was literally speechless when my boyfriend brought me here for a belated birthday dinner, making me the luckiest girl ever :) PROS: Everything, which is something that I rarely say. My expectations for Alinea were through the roof to begin with, and high expectations are rarely met, not to mention exceeded. 1) Service - top notch. Humor/social-skills are definitely part of the servers' job description because everyone we encountered was personable and funny. They also seemed to have an innate sixth sense (or they were just eavesdropping constantly) because it was like they could tell when we needed to get up for the restroom. We even got a quick tour of the kitchen after our meal. 2) Decor - stunning. It felt like we were in a museum and we were afraid to touch anything. I hope my future house will be this pretty. 3) Favorite dishes - I was trying to pick a single favorite but gave up. - Venison: interactive make-your-own wrap. I had no idea what venison was until my bf explained that it was deer :( It's super tasty though. - Apple: piece of breaded brie/apple/onion skewered by a cinnamon stick. I'm going to go burn cinnamon sticks for decorations now. - Scup: family-style olive salad, chickpea chips, mint sauce, and a WHOLE fish. We were confused by this course since it's completely different from Alinea's otherwise minimalist style. Loved the salad and chips, and the fish was very tender. - Dark Chocolate: pumpkin ice cream-filled dark chocolate pinata. I'm a fan of all things pumpkin so I'm almost required to love this. This was the last course and although I was bursting inside, I kept wanting another spoonful. - Notable courses: scallop shaped like tofu (what is this nonsense), a bunch of spoons with different items on each (flavors meant to complement one another), a squid dish named "woolly pig" (confusing name), an ice sculpture (which was actually a course), and peppermint snow sitting on really cold rocks (I accidentally touched the rocks, ow). CONS: - Oyster leaf tasted like a leaf to me... - Too much truffle. Which isn't really a complaint because that's like a kid complaining about too much sweets. - A few of the dishes sauces were a touch too salty Overall, I'm thankful for an amazing experience. Now I'm going to go work off those 3000 calories.
