The wait was surprisingly not bad for our table of 8 at 9:30 on a Saturday night. We got drinks within 10 minutes and our table half an hour. Since we had such a large group, I got to try a good deal of the menu. This rating will just be an average of all the dishes since I wasn't overwhelmed either way. Truthfully, the food was good but I didn't understand the hype...as much as I love Rick Bayless. I want to give it 3.5 stars but falls to 3 stars because of the overhype. Appetizers corn croquettes with goat: 3 stars-tasty but not large bursts of flavor taquitos with carnitas: 2 1/2 stars the taquitos overwhelmed the flavor of the carnitas, could barely even taste the pork enchiladas with mahimahi: 4 1/2 my favorite app that we had. The mahi tasted very fresh and tomatillo sauce was very lively. guac: 4 stars-creamy and flavorful. Comes with their very tasty green and red salsas. Entrees steak tacos: 5 stars-the steak was juicy, flavorful, tender, carmelized onions...yuuuum! too bad it was only one taco. pretty small for $20 pork belly and pork loin in chipotle black bean sauce: 5 stars!!! the pork belly LITERALLY melts in your mouth. I've never had pork belly this smooth and fatty delicious before. OMG I wish I'd ordered this. flank steak with sweet corn tamales: 4 stars-steak came with a salsa that was spicy and delicious. It wasn't nearly as juicy as the steak in the tacos but I was happy with my choice. The sweet corn tamale was very good. extremely fresh tasting and worked well with the sour cream and cilantro. Mole with chicken: 2.5 stars-nothing special which was really disappointing because I thought Rick Bayless was famous for his mole and his oaxacan sauces. A few people ordered the same thing and obviously if I ruled the world we would've all ordered different things. Alas, sadly I don't get my way all the time. Drinks Gold Margarita: 3.5 delicious, fresh and not too sweet Mexican mojito: 4 good but I couldn't pick out what made it Mexiccan Michelada: 4.5 the best michelada I've ever had. Smooth, spicy but not overwhelming, very easy to drink. blue agave margarita: 3 a bit too sweet for me but really hides the alcohol. I had 4 drinks and boy do they put in a lot of liquor. Usually 4 drinks don't do much for me, but this got me to a happy tipsy place! Summary Go for drinks, sit at the bar and eat some pork belly and steak! But if the wait is overwhelming, which is probably will be, you won't be missing out on that much so don't feel too bad.
