WARNING: This is going to be a long review! So here are some quick notes. Come here, no questions asked. Milk Braised Pork Shoulder, JLT with Fried Egg and Meatball sliders were my favorite. Awesome service! I have been excited to try the Purple Pig since I've first heard about it. I'll admit, this is one reason why I wanted to come to Chicago in the first place, that's how much I love food. Needless to say, I was not disappointed. I stopped by around 5:30, which ended up being about 30 minute wait, not bad for how busy this place was. I didn't know what to expect walking into the doors but the atmosphere I experienced was absolutely AMAZING! This is not a fine dining establishment, but the food is definitely on par with any high priced restaurant. The atmosphere is loud and crowded but very fun.  The staff is VERY Friendly which is always welcomed. They have a waitress to takes your orders and then they have other individuals who refill your waters and serves your food. It works well, except they tried to give me a dish I didn't order and charge me for it...that was fixed though, no complaints. The FOOOOOOD!!! -Roasted Bone Marrow with Herbs: I've heard a lot about bone marrow and this is my first experience with it. The bone marrow was extremely rich and the capers and herbs went very well with the spread. I tried the bone marrow alone, with the bread and then with the bread and herbs. I definitely think the herbs brought out a great flavor because it helped cut the richness of the bone marrow and it just gave more substance to the dish. Maybe I'm just a bone marrow amateur. -Milk Braised Pork Shoulder: OMG!! This was absolutely amazing! I wish I ordered two of these! The pork shoulder was extremely tender and gravy was just wonderful. Chewing threw the pork, you really get the essence of a dairy/milky flavor which was very subtle made this dish fantastic! The mashed potatoes are mashed potatoes, nothing special there but it helped get me and my friend full. -Prosciutto Bread Balls: This was our first dish and I can't say I was a fan of this so much. Probably cause I was expecting something different. It was a lot more herby than I expected and I couldn't quite figure out what was in it, herb wise. -"JLT" with Fried Egg: This was my favorite dish! The main reason why I ordered this dish is because I thought, pork and a fried egg together?! How is that not a win?  The flavors on this dish were exquisite! I expected something more rich because of the egg, but the lettuce was tossed with a very citrus-based dress that made the dish extremely refreshing and light even with the egg on top. Although, the jowl (pork cheek) didn't stand out as much it rounded off the sandwich, if you can call it that, very well. The balance in this dish was absolutely perfect, I'm drooling thinking about this as we speak. -Scallop Spiedini with Chickpea Aioli: I only had one piece of this, but the scallop was cooked perfectly. To me, as long as you cook the scallop properly you don't need to add much to make it good. It was a good dish, just doesn't stand out to me compared to the other stuff I had. -Razor Clams with Oregano, Lemon & Olive Oil: This is my first experience with razor clams and I was very pleased. By the name of this dish you can tell it's very simple with the overall emphasis on the clams. They felt and tasted a lot like a scallop to me and I liked it. Nothing fancy here, just well executed. -Meatball Sliders: I love meatball sandwiches! With that said, I picked up my slider took a bite and was in heaven! The meatball was moist and perfectly cooked. The bread was soft, NOT soggy, and had great flavor, it was served on a brioche bun. Maybe I'm biased towards a meatball sandwich but this was a great item. Overall, my experience with The Purple Pig was fantastic! Yes the portions are small, but it just allows you to share with your friends and try out a lot of things on the menu, which I'm glad I got to do. My suggestion is order the whole menu if you can!
