Cheese, swine, and wine? And open late? PERFECT!!! The service here surpasses many of the Michelin star restaurants I've eaten at recently. We arrived around 11pm and the place was still humming. We quickly perused the menu for items that would satisfy our after-baseball-late-night hunger. * Salted Beets with Whipped Goat Cheese and Pistachio Vinaigrette - what a smashing combination of flavors! It was my favorite dish of the evening. The texture of the beets, that hint of salt coupled with the power of the goat cheese and pistachio vinaigrette just put my palate in heaven.  * Chorizo Stuffed Olives - my least favorite dish. This was the second time I've had fried olives and I'm not that fond of it. However, I will say that this dish was still decent as they used high quality olives.  * Milk Braised Pork Shoulder with Mashed Potatoes - wow, the meat is so tender that you don't even need a fork to eat it with. You can eat it with a spoon. It was rich and slightly overpowering but the mashed potatoes carried just the right balance to offset the power of the meat & sauce.  * Pig's Tails Braised in Balsamic - okay, I know some of you are reading this and saying pig's tails....seriously? Yes, you seriously have to try this dish!! It is awesome. Beyond awesome. They ran out of the pig's ears so we opted to try this and boy was I surprised at how good it was. I've had pig's ears before at another restaurant and I know how fabulous it can be but this was my first try at pig's tails. You wouldn't even know it was pig's tails. The texture and taste were like pork belly. A marvelous dish! * Burratta - a exceptional cheese dish. They used good quality cheese with a nice texture and the plating was lovely. * Roasted Bone Marrow with Herbs - this was a lick every last drop off the plate dish!!! Small toasted pieces of bread that you can smear with luscious, salty goodness! I will say that it's not the best roasted bone marrow dish I've had but it rates a strong 9. Wow!!! * Octopus with Green Beans, Fingerling Potatoes, & Salsa Verde - I'm a big fan of octopus because they make it so well in Spain. They cooked the octopus perfectly but perhaps I just like my octopus the Spanish way.....perfectly cooked and seasoned with salt and a little paprika. Sometimes certain dishes are better when they are prepared the simple way.
