It's been a number of years since I had the pleasure of dining at Le Colonial, but judging by the meal I enjoyed last night, suffice it to say that it won't be nearly as long for me to return next time. My beau and I had made a reservation a long time ago for a table outside (all the better for people watching on Rush Street). I wasn't sure if the weather would cooperate, and truthfully, it wouldn't have mattered as the interior of the restaurant is lovely too. I always feel as if I'm an extra on the set of "Casablanca" when I'm here. It has that exotic and romantic ambiance. it's one of the prettiest restaurants in the city, imho. But the decor isn't the only thing to rave about at Le Colonial, their food is nothing short of spectacular. They do everything right. Mother Nature didn't open the skies and rain on us yesterday so we were able to score a table outside. To be honest, I almost wish we were seated inside as their chairs on their outside seating area are some of the most uncomfortable chairs I've ever sat in. They're like cheap lawn chairs. My ass hurt during my entire dinner :( But back to the food --I've been reliving the menu in my head all morning. Each and every dish was fantastic, in both flavor and presentation. We ordered two appetizers, a salad, and an entree, intending to share. I couldn't have been happier with our selections: Banh Uot - grilled sesame beef rolled in flat rice noodles, and served with cucumbers, basil, lettuce and lime garlic sauce. This was love at first bite. All the flavors and textures worked well together. The beef was tender, the rice noodles soft, and the vegetables were crunchy. Perfection. Ca Song - LC's version of tuna tartare. This was easily in the top three tuna tartares I've ever eaten. It was delicate but flavorful, and very fresh. And I loved the won ton crackers that it's served with. Goi Bun So - this was a grilled sea scallop salad served with garlic noodles, roasted peanuts and lime vinaigrette over mesclun greens. Listen, I didn't even like scallops until about two months ago, so I don't have a lot to compare them to, but again, this was a great dish. The scallops (four large ones) were meaty but not overpowering, and the garlic noodles were a great complement, especially when combined with the lime vinaigrette. Ca Hap - steamed fillets of Chilean sea bass in a light ginger broth, with tomatoes, oyster mushrooms, scallions, and fried ginger with cellophane noodles. The fish was light and the vegetables gave the dish that extra "oomph," and I especially enjoyed the fried ginger. Their cocktail list is quite extensive and I had a hard time narrowing down my choices as each drink sounded better than the last. Their delicious concoctions feature lemongrass, ginger, and fresh herbs. We ended up choosing the Ha Long fizz which was Hendrick's, muddled cucumber and mint, green tea and club soda. i don't think I've had a more refreshing drink, and it was ideal for the warm evening. With all that food you'd think there's no way we'd saved room for dessert, but the food is so light that even though you feel quite satisfied, you don't feel stuffed. I was surprised that their dessert list featured sorbets and ice creams that weren't house made and instead were the brand 'Ciao Bella,' so we opted for a caramelized lemon tart instead (even though sorbet would have been the perfect finish). The pleasantly tart lemon tart came with a shortbread crust, a lightly bruleed topping, and whipped cream on the side. Polished off in record time. Dinner at Le Colonial was definitely five-star worthy, but the service was a tiny bit slow at the end (it took a while to get the check and close out), and those chairs (my ass still hurts) keep this from being a truly five star review, so consider this 4.5 stars, with room for improvement. I cannot recommend Le Colonial highly enough; truly one of the best meals I've had all year.
