My wife & I make Piccolo Sogno our "wedding anniversary celebration" restaurant every year...and we're never sorry. The food is ALWAYS spectacular. We went on the most perfect day in Chicago EVER. It was a Monday, the temp was about 71, and we got there early enough to sit outside on the patio. It was perfect. Typically we go to PS in December, as that's when we got married; so this was our first outdoor eating experience. We despise the heat/humidity, so I was a little apprehensive about eating outdoors, but the conditions were perfect this time. We ordered an appetizer to share; the grilled antipasto salad which included beets, asparagus, zucchini, yellow squash, eggplant; excellent prosciutto, sharp aged cheese, and a chick pea/white bean mix that normally I don't go for but was excellent. Main course: ravioli Piccolo Sogno, my wife's favorite that she orders every time. And with good reason, it NEVER disappoints. I ordered the chicken this time, with rapini, broccolini (I think) and lemon. It was a flattened cornish hen. Taste was awesome. Typically I order a pasta dish, but felt like fowl. Taste was awesome. I should mention the bread basket with 2 different kinds of bread and the best breadsticks I've had anywhere. If you're expecting "Olive Garden"-style breadsticks, do NOT go to PS. This is real, actual Italian food. You'll see when you get there. I come from a half-Italian family, so I KNOW what good Italian food tastes like (my great grandmother was born/raised in Italy). Piccolo Sogno is the GOODS. From that bread basket to the thick balsamic vinegar on the table to the menu...it's worth every penny. For dessert, my wife ordered a limoncello. It's the real deal, and terrific. I was too full for dessert. The service: spectacular. At our previous visit for our anniversary, we needed a day away from our young son...and sure enough, about 15 minutes in to our evening the staff seated a young yuppie family with 2 complaining girls our son's age RIGHT NEXT TO US. We hemmed/hawed, but finally did ask to be moved. The staff was great, they accommodated us & moved us to a different part of the restaurant that was child-less...was more busy, but we didn't have to put up with poor parenting & fussy kids. We'd put "it's our anniversary" on our OpenTable reservation, but for whatever reason the host/hostess didn't think to keep a potentially loud family with bratty kids away from a dressed-to-the-nines couple there celebrating an anniversary. ProTip: I know it's not always possible, but do try to find a sitter once in awhile, and also don't bring your kids to a nice, expensive restaurant. I digress...this visit, in the summer, was perfect. Again the staff was great, the food was outstanding, and we will be back. The food has never disappointed. The bill can be pricey if you're not careful, so we go maximum once per year (with this exception, as we were celebrating something else this week). The location can be tough to find if you don't know the city well, but we've been there enough now to know where to go. Highly recommend this establishment. You really can't go wrong. I'd say get there early; when we got there around 5pm (our preferred eating time), there were 2-3 other tables full outside; by 6pm it was nearly full, and after 7pm it was maxed out on the patio. We'll be back, for sure, no question.
