Okay, first off, I do not know how this place doesn't have five stars. People saying the portions were too small.. it's TAPAS. Know your food. And the price was well worth it for the flavors.. okay, now to my review:Yesterday my boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place because we needed something to eat while we waited for someone in the JPMorgan Chase Corporate Challenge to be done. We were trying to choose between tapas and sushi, and boy am I so glad we chose tapas. When we entered, after walking up the stairs, we were astounded with the interior of the restaurant. With it's high ceilings, unique lighting and modern decor, I was already happy with our choice.As for what we ordered, the only thing I wasn't 100% happy with was the Red Sangria, mainly because I figured it would be sweet like it usually is, but I've noticed that city drinks are just stronger. I later tried the (and yes, I'm just copy and pasting the names from the menu online) CHARRED PINEAPPLE MOJITO, which was fantastic. It was almost like a pineapple version of a Mike's Hard, haha. But it satisfied my sweet craving.For food, we ordered:TRUITA DE PATATA which was just what I had been craving. I would definitely order this again. The flavors were fantastic!PULPO CON PATATAS which was great! I had never had octopus before so I have nothing to compare it to, but flavor was very unique and the meat was very tender. GUATLA ANEC UVAS Y POLENTA which was quite delicious! The roasted grape glaze on the quail was to die for. But my favorite thing on this plate had to be the goat cheese polenta croquettes. That cheese was to die for! I definitely want to sample their cheeses next time. TOCINO CON CIDRA which was the best thing out of the entire meal. It was to die for! If you're looking for something fantastic, get this! Combining all the ingredients on the plate has got to be one of the best flavors I've ever experienced.For dessert we ordered:CREMACATALANA which has the be one of the best desserts I've ever had! That sweet potato ice cream is amazing! And the combination with the bavarois... YUM!PASTISSOSD'AVELLANA which I didn't care too much for, but that's because I didn't want it in the first place. My boyfriend really enjoyed it though if that's your cup of tea! c:And to top it off, our server was amazing. She was very knowledgeable of everything on the menu and she was of great help when it came to deciding on what we wanted and selling us more food/drinks. I wish I remembered her name though. Overall, this meal, service, and ambiance was fantastic! Never you mind the long walk to the bathroom, it's well worth it! I definitely would like to come back here again soon and try new things.
