Came with a group of 4 on Saturday night, the last night of Restaurant Week. It was my first time trying Ethiopian food and it did NOT disappoint.With a friend I shared an appetizer of spicy lentils, a meal of meat messob and a dessert of sambussa turnovers in raspberry sauce. The meal was INCREDIBLE. Combined with the great prices, this was a five star experience.The lentil dish was amazing; spicy with strips of pepper and perfectly delicious when scooped up with the spongy bread that is offered with every meal. The best part about being able to eat with one's hands is that it completely removes any taste of silverware that, though subtle, might interfere with such delicate and layered flavors. As an appetizer for two, it could have easily fed three or four. The lentils were incredibly filling and though delicious I had to hold off on finishing my half so I would have room for dinner!The meat messob was wonderful. We were thrilled to find each different dish a new experience. For those who haven't had Ethiopian before, if you like Indian food, especially heavily spiced curries, you will definitely go for this! The meats were incredibly tender, spiced to perfection, some hot and some mild (I like it hot!). The lamb dishes were my favorite, full of spice but not so overpowering that the meat's own flavor didn't come though. Some dishes have bones in them which may startle the less adventurous diner. Never fear! The meat is so succulent and tender it pulls right off the bone. One of our dishes was served with a smattering of some sweet cheese next to a marinated hard boiled egg, it was the perfect compliment to the meat offered, light and tasty on the tongue. When dessert came I expected the almond and walnut sambussa to be a bit like baklava but it was very unlike anything I'd ever had before; sweet and flaky and a little savory which is a plus for me in any dessert. Combined with the sweetness of whipped cream and the tartness of raspberry sauce this was the perfect capper to a spicy meal.However, my very favorite item on this menu was, believe it or not, the coffee!! Hot, strong Ethiopian coffee served in a clay pot. WOW! From someone who can never have their coffee strong or rich enough this is high praise! It's served up black with a saucer of sugar on the side. All of my friends spooned sugar into their cups and enjoyed the taste immensely but for me the pure flavor of this good strong coffee was absolute heaven. We had coffee with our appetizers but it would be just as lovely to accompany dessert.For anyone who's ever had a hankering for Ethiopian food, or in the mood to try something really exotic, Demera is a winner!Good food, good service (our water glasses were never empty and we were checked back on just frequently enough to make us feel well cared for), and great prices for such an extraordinary experience!!!
