I went here for the first time with a friend last night around 9:30pm after a long day of work and we were starving. I ordered the 2 sandwiches to-go (which comes with chose of potato salad or pasta salad) that the chef recommended. We sat down at a table and tried to order a beer at the bar. They told us we needed a waitress. So we made it more convenient for the bartender and moved our stuff to the bar. We then decided to just eat there while it's still hot. When we got our food, we were told we can't eat "take-out" food in the restaurant. WTF? I just paid ~$18 for 2 sandwiches you sold me and you're telling me I can't eat it in the container you gave me? They made us eat it on plates. That's cool, I guess. They had no drink specials so I asked what they would recommend. The bartender was nice (and also funny) and suggested a Greek imported beer, Hillas. Tasted like Miller Lite (that's not a good thing). Sandwich #1: Tequila Pollo Wood-roasted chicken breast, Roma tomato, arugula, avocado, tequila lime mayonnaise, on Sour Dough Boul $8.45. I only ate half of this and I thought the chicken was small and tasteless. The avocado seemed old and already started to turn a little brown. The sour dough was tough and not sour enough. The potato salad needed more garlic and the mayo was too runny. Sandwich #2: Briammi Kefte Oven-baked lamb and beef kefte, briammi (vegetable ratatouille), crumbled feta, on Old World bread $7.95. I ordered this (to-go) for my girlfriend and these were her specific words: "So yummy." She was only able to finish half so I'm eating it for lunch today. I won't be commenting on this since it's now considered leftovers. Ambiance: Well lit using fluorescent many bulbs. Don't come here for a romantic candlelight dinner. Bathrooms: Clean. I like how they have the men's restroom door open. It's more sanitary that way. Overall, the staff (chef + bartender) was very nice, but none had good suggestions. You would expect the food to be extra tasty when you're hungry, right?
