This place is deceiving in all the naughty good ways. Driving past we thought initially it was packed and my heart sank. I had been here once before for a beer or 3 and had a great time but had never had a meal and was excited to try it out. Upon entry we shuffled through the first floor and up to what I assumed was the only other space, my oh my, was I wrong. The hostess gave us a daunting 1 hour wait time (totally assumed we'd have something close to that with a group of 5 on a Saturday night) and suggested that we go upstairs for a seat to wait. This is a gem! They have a fantastic waiting area on the top floor with a cash bar so you can get your evening started comfortably while you wait. The beer list is intimidating amazing. I was lame and got something I always get while others were a bit more adventuresome. Next thing you know time flies and we're being called for dinner! Onion rings are light and a great starter. The duck Ruben is finger licking good as was the crispy asparagus. The frits are a treat and definitely give frits in Brussels a run for their Euro. All of that said, it wasn't perfect. 2 sour notes: 1) after an hour wait I was looking forward to sitting at a table and being able to talk and relax. However they put us at a table that was so close to another table that we were encroaching on their space and vice versa. Thus we were sandwiched so tightly together that eating proved to be a solid challenge. There wasn't enough room on the table for all of our food and if someone sneezed at the next table it would have been all over me and my food. Not cool. Big groups need bigger space. Putting 5 people for dinner at a table usually meant for 3 just doesn't work. 2) Our waiter, while I understand he's a "too cool for school" hipster and such could have been just been nicer. I get it that it's Saturday night and it's busy, we've all been there. But the way to guarantee a happy table is be nice and fake patience even if you aren't. Curt, short and fleeting doesn't bode well for a good tip. Despite the tight fit and tighter lipped server, I'll be back. The bartender in the waiting area had a warm smile (under a cool beard) and happy disposition as did most of the rest of the patrons. More good times to be had there.
