As you walk into this establishment, you are struck by an ambiance that I would characterize as a cross between a Munich beer drinking hall and a fraternity dining room. Lots of wood tables, panelling, seats....not unattractive. Has a communal feel to it, as you are seated at long tables alongside other guests. It is an extremely noisy restaurant, so intimate conversations are best had elsewhere. We arrived a bit early, so were escorted into the "bar area." Not really a bar...rather, a series of tall, chest-high round tables located in the center of the room around which your party (and other guests) stand and order from a very impressive list of beers (belgian, german, US micros). In all honesty, among the approximately 45 beers listed, I didn't recognize one. Fortunately, the staff is extremely knowledgeable and able to characterize each choice. Once seated, with other guests at the same table to our right and left, we ordered from an impressive oyster selection and among a nice list of aged hams. The ham was superb! Went down like butta'. Of the 3 types of oysters selected, I thought the Kumamoto and the Kusshi were not very interesting. The third (I can't recall which!) were fantastic, however. For entrees, we ordered the blood sausage, the farm chicken, and the livornese fish stew, the latter served with wonderful crispy/crusty-on-the-outside and soft on the inside bread to soak up the wonderful broth. I'd rate the actual fish and shellfish in the stew as ok. The chicken, served with sausage and fries, as well as the blood sausage were excellent. The wine list, as seems increasingly the case these days, was a bit eclectic and limited. That said, one doesn't see Austrian Gruner Veltliner all that often.  Refreshing, and a perfect match for our meal. I would add that the wine prices are very reasonable. All in all, we left well-fortified having selected our fare from a long and interesting list of menu options - ready to storm the barricades! This is a casual spot with thoughtfully prepared food and an ambiance that is pleasant, and one which seems to bring diners who don't know one another together, almost as if the entire restaurant is part of some large family gathering - quite interesting, actually.
