In unfamiliar territory, one tends to cling to the recognizable. At least, I assume that's what my father was doing when, on our first day in Chicago, he spotted Texas de Brazil (Granted, he's never been to that particular breed of churrascaria. But, hey, if it walks like a duck and smells like a duck...) and declared, "We're going there." So, on a Thursday evening, our last in the city, we wandered over to see how it measured up to our beloved Churrascaria Plataforma in NYC. The carnivorous offerings we sampled were outstanding. The phenomenal top sirloin and garlic-braised lamb stand out in memory. Unlike in CP, each server is assigned a type of meat to present. Be warned, they have a quick learning curve: Once you say no to one once, it is unlikely that he will return to your table after that. (Men, they give up so easily...) This wouldn't have been a problem had we not been so selective in the beginning. Once we discovered more exotic choices (i.e., suckling pig, octopus) were not forthcoming, we realized our error. Another piece of advice: Avoid the red sangria like the plague. My father and I ordered a pitcher, which was a huge mistake as the mixture tasted atrocious. Some people (like New York Yelper, Aileen L.) are talented enough to introduce a foreign ingredient like vodka into a sangria recipe and actually improve it. TdB's bartender was not. Memo: If you're going to adulterate the concoction with that spirit, be so kind as to not pour half a bottle of it into my jug, thanks! The result was not only disgusting, but overly potent. So much so, in fact, that I don't remember ordering the cheesecake for dessert. (Makes one wonder about other bad decisions that have potentially been made while under the influence.) Quirk: Occasionally, I caught sight of a bungee'd lady (at times, a blonde, at others, a brunette), doing half-hearted flips behind a glass wall in front of the two-story wine rack. She would appear, do some somersaults, then disappear again. What. the. F***. I had to read Pandora P.'s review to figure out that she was there to theatrically retrieve wine selections. Okey...
