So, my husband and I got a little card in the mail saying "Get $25 off your dinner." We decided to give it a shot. We are somewhat experienced fondue-rs, so we had high expectations. They really weren't met...and here's why. First of all, the environment is very nice, except that we got stuck in the corner of a little side room with no light and no space to breathe. They actually had to give us a small flashlight to read our menus. Some may call that romantic, I just call that creepy. Give me the big, secluded booths of the Melting Pot any day... Second, the menu is very limited. You can have one type of cheese and one only! It was good, but barely enough (we're used to the Melting Pot where you get an ENTIRE pot of cheese, not just an inch at the bottom). Their selection of meats was alright, nothing special, but not as broad as Melting Pot. AND, for the price you pay, you really don't get enough. I selected the tenderloin (for 39 dollars) and got a total of 7 pieces of beef. Sorry, but that's not worth 39. Get this, my husband got 2 shrimp, 2.5 pieces of tenderloin and a piece (not even a full tail) of lobster for 45. Granted, you get some veggies and many dipping sauces along with it, but really...45? One of our biggest problems was the lack of choice in cooking methods. Soybean oil was the only option...only after asking for coq au vin (our preferred method) did they mention vegetable broth (with no wine or herbs...blah). After eating the meat, we found that we DEFINITELY needed all the sauces we could get because there was absolutely no flavor from cooking in oil. The chocolate fondue was as good as any that I've had...no complaints there. Oh...and you get your choice of a coffee drink - nice touch. One last complaint...they didn't cook at your table - total bummer. I enjoy the interaction with the waiter/waitress. So...overall...it boils down to (sorry...fries down to. remember, no coq au vin...just oil): over priced, not enough menu options, and only oil (or boring broth). I think we'll stick to the Melting Pot, but it was a nice experience.
