I don't wanna quit Carnivale. I finally got to go there today for lunch, which was a great way to check out the place without having to deal with a dinner. It wasn't crowded, and I really got to concentrate on the food, which was amazing. Everything tasted great! We ordered: * ropa vieja - nice little pieces, served on maduros slices with some Cuban pico and some kind of cream sauce drizzled over top. Tasty like it should be, but mine's still better ;) * beef empanada - VERY tasty! The pastry dough was just perfect; flaky and tender and could stand up to the BLAST 'o' flavors inside * guac and chips - darned good guac. I didn't even pick out the tomatoes, which I normally eschew in my guac. The chips were flaky yet strong, and oh, so flavorful; the perfect accompaniment to the guac * hearts of palm salad - this was about the only blah thing I ate, but even this was good, for a salad. * arrachera - it was a tie between this and the ropa vieja for the star of the show. The beef was so tender a knife was not necessary; it just nearly melted in my mouth. So blasted good. * pineapple-mango upside-down cake - this was good. Very dense and moist, and the little scoop of vanilla bean-flecked ice cream is a great complement to the cake. * Venezuelan chocolate cake - WOW. Blew the upside-down cake outta the water. VERY chocolatey, not bitter, and not cloyingly sweet, still warm...deelish. You can get pretty much this same cake at any upscale restaurant, but it was done well here, too. * cafe con leche - still better from my neighborhood place in Logan Square (go to Pancho's! /plug), but this was a nice way to finish off the meal The decor is just beautiful. I have a Kevin Bacon connection to the designer, so I was interested to see what the oft-mentioned cavernous ceilings were like, and all the colors...well, this place just BURSTS with color. And oversized everything; the lights, the shades, mirrors, art pieces on the wall. And all just absolutely beautiful. Awesome place. And the stairs at the end of the dining room...well, a scene in a musical or a special dance number is just BEGGING for that stage. I even admired the floor, which had a sort of weathered look about it, no doubt intentionally, but also meant to coincide with normal wear. Hell, even though the bathrooms are practically located IN Latin America, the way to get there is pretty cool - the hallway downstairs is decorated with pictures of women of various levels of buxomness. It was just awesome. I even liked the bathroom. About the only thing that I could even sigh about is the somewhat brisk attitude of the host up front. He was kind of short with us, but the to DIE for handsome/polite/sexy as HELL waiter made up for it. I bet he looks at everyone like that, but he could have brought me toothpaste on rice and made it sexy. Totally going back. Hopefully again and again.
