Graham Elliot was one of the biggest dining disappointments of my life. In short, the menu is full of unsuccessful recipes - flavors that don't excite the taste buds and ingredient combinations that emphasize irony and surprise at the expense of pleasure - all at a mediocre quality and at prices that are far too great for what the diner gets in return. Almost every aspect of the restaurant is amateurish. My date and I each had the 10 course "experience" tasting menu. Of the ten courses, only one was delicious - the final one, a chocolate dessert. The rest ranged from mediocre to just plain bad. I should say that I love this genre of food, lest you think I am not a tasting menu type of guy. A similar tasting menu at Alinea was one of the best dinners I've ever had. This restaurant is trying to be another Alinea, including matching Alinea's high prices, but the expertise and exquisiteness of the food at Alinea is totally absent here. While you'll find a dollop of foam here and there, the more interesting techniques of molecular gastronomy were non-existent in the items we received. The quality of the ingredients was much lower than similar restaurants, like Alinea, and the chefs' skills and techniques pale in comparison.  In fact, one course included a small piece of foie gras, from which the vein had not been removed. Removing the unpleasantly flavored and textured vein from foie gras is a very elementary chef's technique. I've never encountered one in a restaurant before. The other most incompetent kitchen gaffe was that all courses lacked proper seasoning. The absence of a bit of salt from the lamb, especially, left the meat's flavor dull and lifeless. Other courses tasted dull and uninteresting as well. Ingredient combinations that sounded interesting simply didn't work. Most bites tended toward bitter or overly herby. Temperature of food was a problem, as was pacing between courses. We sat at our table for almost four hours. At one point, the kitchen had made a mistake and a course was skipped. To make amends, our waiter brought us extra glasses of a wine pairing, which was nice, but before I could stop him, a distracted busboy snatched away my half-full glass, wasting the remainder of the good wine and souring the experience further. I wanted to mention this to our waiter, but he didn't appear at our table at all between the sixth and 10th courses, and only reappeared to deliver the check after disappearing for the final hour and fifteen minutes of our stay. With our disappointment in the quality of the food, the $400 bill (including a $52 bottle of wine and our tip) was difficult to justify. I sincerely hope that this review doesn't fall on deaf ears and that improvements are made. Failing that, I at least hope that I prevent a few other people from wasting their money.
