I really don't know how it took me so long to come here but I'm glad that I finally did. My boyfriend and I came here last night for our date night. We knew that if we came later in the night, we may have to wait in line, so, we came as early as 7pm. We were greeted nicely and sat quickly. My boyfriend insisted to be seated at the bar, which is fine by me. My boyfriend loves making cocktails, it's his new found hobby and he wanted to see how a real mixology works behind the bar. We definitely weren't disappointed. Patrick, our bartender/mixology greeted us, professionally, asked us for our orders. I ordered the Half Way Across Town and my boyfriend just told him a few of his favorites and pretty much giving Patrick the full confidence to surprise him. For me, my cocktail was amazing. It was delicious. And Patrick made my boyfriend a some sort of a variation of an Old Fashioned. According to him (my boyfriend) it was strong and perfect. We both shared some meats and cheese, which was also very fresh and amazing. Later on, Patrick just continued to make us custom drinks, off the menu, which all were very tasty and good. I was very impressed!!! Sorry, I can't recommend anything from the menu but I definitely recommend letting your mixology custom make your drinks, because those are normally the best. You're letting the master work their magic. I also recommend to sit at the bar because then you'll understand the work that was put into your drink. We finished our little snacks and drinks with a dessert. I can't remember what it's called but it was 4 different chocolates balls, coffee ice cream served with homemade brownies. YUM!!!! It was so good!!! I loved everything that they offer at the Violet Hour. I loved those heavy drapes that separes the rooms, I loved the tall sofa/chairs that looks so mid-century-ish, the super dimmed atmosphere. Reminds me of Bourbon and Branch in San Francisco but less crowded and very minimal in design. I also appreciates the fact that I can enjoy the company of my boyfriend on our date night without having people trying to snuggle their way in to the bar to order their drinks by yelling out their orders like in other regular bars. This is actually very very nice. I find the variation of music that they're playing last night was a little odd. I wished they play something a little classy and dark to match the atmosphere but that didin't really ruin our whole experience. We left the Violet Hour very happy and definitely will plan to go back. Thank you, patrick for making our date night extra special :)
