After dining at Alinea, I was torn about how I felt overall. After a couple days I realized that, in my opinion at least, Alinea may have to be reviewed in a different context than other restaurants. I'm not going to claim that I know good food, or that I have an amazing sense for anything culinary, but I do feel that I have a strong appreciation for the heart and soul people pour into creating and maintaining their vision of a restaurant. I've heard some people compare Grant Achatz to Willy Wonka, and I would have to agree with that assessment. I enjoyed myself and my meal immensely. I would have to say that the service and presentation of the food stood out the most. While outstanding service is self-explanatory, the presentation of each course was meticulously crafted. Everything down to the custom-made plates and sculpture-like items used to present the food was inspired. The taste of the food, however, was varied and not always in a good way. I realize that I am not going to be wowed by every single course, but my palette left me wanting more of the 'one bite' style courses and less of the heavy, rich ones. I understand that it's just how the cards fell, but it was a bit of a bummer for me (because, darn it, that Hot Potato / Cold Potato dish was so good!) I supposed I will have to consult the Alinea book my wife purchased to see how I can make that and the awesome Bubble Yum stock. That's not to say I didn't appreciate each course. The flow of the meal was perfectly paced. The starting courses revolved around lighter, cleaner flavors and slowly progressed into rich and heavy offerings before transitioning into the dessert portions. Over the course of the 3 1/2 hour meal, the staff starts to feel like old friends (especially if you've had some wine). Which brings me to another point - they specialize in wine pairings and offer a small selection of beer only. So you won't be able to booze it up while you eat :) Overall, I feel that this was indeed a special once-in-a-lifetime type of meal. It did not change my life, nor did it make me feel like I ascended to some higher state of consciousness. Instead, it was a pleasant and unique diversion from anything you might come to expect from your typical critically-acclaimed restaurant. I count myself as extremely lucky to have experienced it.
