A third update seems a little excessive doesn't it?? I would've thought so but there's no way I could have NOT done another update. It brings me great pleasure to relinquish Mercat its previous 2star rating and bump it to a 5. A very important business principle IMO is Customer Retention. Smart businesses operate via returning customers who continuously pour money into profits versus the one customer who pays a big bill but is never to be seen again (it's common sense). You know someone is serious about business if they monitor social outlets such as Yelp for any unsatisfactory reviews. Mercat does just that and their loss prevention warrants them a much deserved update. I understand everyone has their off days and I'm certain my last visit was probably one of those. But if you don't call attention to these minor slip ups, they could very well become a new model of what's to be expected.. I couldn't bear to allow that to happen to Mercat. Things You MUST Try: - Oxtail Empanadas: the dough is very light, but flavorful. Great texture. The filling had a very great flavor profile. Basically, think of your favorite braised dish stuffed into an empanada shell. Oxtail meat is decadent. - Arroz a la Cazuela: Spanish take on Gumbo. Nice smoky broth accented by the rich unmistakable taste of saffron. Nice accents of spanish chorizo and assorted meats. Very satisfying. Also served with crouton and rouille. - Suckling Pig: Seriously worth the procedure of calling 3 days in advance, etc. Table side presentation, LOTs of pork. If you're a pork lover.. this is for you. I love that they didn't over-complicate anything. The beauteous pig was allowed to shine, and it was not in vain. I would suggest splitting this among 6-8 people. The accompanying sides are very complementary. I used to boast about Chinese Style roasted pork but this has honestly bumped it down a notch on my list. At this point, Mercat's suckling pig reigns. If you have the opportunity, check this place out. Try the dishes I mentioned. You will NOT be disappointed.
