Las Tablas has been around since 1991; I had previously enjoyed a couple of meals a few years back in their old location but this was my first time there since they moved. I really like the current venue a lot better; larger space, much better acoustics and a bit more elegant vibe. Las Tablas is a versatile restaurant where you can go with a small group for a celebration, have a dinner out with the family, or a nice date night with a significant other. It features authentic Colombian cuisine with skirt steak being the house specialty. There is plenty of food to choose from as well as a nice drink menu: Wines by the glass start at $7, sangria ($7 a glass, $25 a pitcher), several fun cocktails (about $8 a pop), and some beers (including Colombian). During weeknights you can also BYO (wine only). There is also a nice selection of non alcoholic Colombian beverages. Tonight I ordered sangria; while it was not the best I have had it was enjoyable. My wife and I had Maria tonight as our server; she was somewhat quiet, but friendly and efficient. Her assistant kept our water glasses full and the table was cleaned and silverware replaced between courses. The pace of the meal is relaxed (as is typical in South America), so do not expect fast service. Just sit back and enjoy! Portion sizes are quite generous and the price point is reasonable factoring in the quality, portions and ambiance. Las Tablas is what I would call dressy casual; it is not quite an upscale venue but is a step up from your typical everyday restaurant. We had the empanada combination plate for appetizers (consisting of six empanadas: two chicken, two beef and two cheese served with two sauces and accompanied by a small salad). For my entree I went with the Bandeja Paisa; a typical Colombian dish consisting of a hodge podge of different foods. Definitely a lot going on with this dish! There was a nice sized strip of well seasoned and prepared skirt steak, a fried egg laying atop a mound of rice, red beans, avocado, sweet plantains, an arepa (corn dough) and a large strip of pork belly. Aside from the pork belly (which was bland and a tad overcooked) this dish was excellent (with the steak and plantains being my favorite components). I have added a photo of this dish. A nearby table ordered the Picada para Dos (a combination platter for two) consisting of a giant mound of various meats. It looked amazing and I definitely recommend this to any carnivores! It was enough meat to put Fogo de Chao and Brazzaz to shame! I really wanted to order the arequipe (a Colombian type of milky caramel) for dessert (love that stuff), but was way too full. The total bill (before tip) came to just over $70 (including the appetizer platter, two entrees and two adult beverages). We had a very nice dinner and I definitely recommend Las Tablas to anybody interested in trying good, authentic Colombian cuisine in a nice but fairly casual environment.
