There was only one "that's weird" comment, regarding the food, from two meat eaters over the 1.25 hours at Chicago Diner. Granted, they are health conscious meat eaters, one a former vegetarian, but their overall approval is telling. Chicago Diner isn't "weird". I was highly impressed with the variety of the menu. There are lots of fresh vegetables on hand, as well as meat substitutes, used to create ethnic or American traditional dishes. Sandwiches come with the side order of your choice (12 choices!). Some will cost you a dollar extra, but judging from my dollar side salad, it is worth it. Fresh sprouts galore. Things like vegan potato salad, macaroni and cheeze, sweet potato fries, are no extra cost with your sandwich. This is a great place to visit if one is craving junk food but doesn't want to feel like crap after eating it. I ordered the blackened tofish sandwich (with advocanaisse?) with side salad. My two companions ordered a gyro with Spanish rice and the roasted vegetable lasagna. I must admit, my tofish sandwich was weird. It looked like a blackened, perfectly rectangular slab of tofu, but tasted like Cajun blackened fish (did not have the texture). How did they make the tofu taste like fish? I have no idea, but I would order it again. The multi-grain bun that makes up the sandwich is delicious and very filling. We were all excited to try each others' food. The gyro was great, except a little too salty. The vegan tzatziki sauce will knock your socks off...its different from dairy, but in many ways better. The gyro-eater wanted me to try the Spanish rice "for my review". He thought it was "okay". I thought it was great since he had already poured a bunch of tzatziki sauce on it. The roasted vegetable lasagna was fresh tasting, and the companion was impressed that it filled him up. I know they have beer and wine, I'm not sure about full bar so check on that. When a waitstaff messed up the drink order they appropriately offered to fix it but the companion decided to have the "surprise" drink. It's a pleasant place. It's not a rush-rush diner but still fairly fast. However, for maximum enjoyment, don't go there if you are in a big hurry. I wish they had a few more fresh offerings and a cashew tamari salad dressing.
