after so much hype and excitement, I finally got to try out the pig. The wait wasn't as terrible as I'd mentally prepared myself for. A table of 3 on a Friday night around 7 was only 30-45 minutes. If you wanted to sit outside and endure the chilly, early September winds, there was no wait at all. Once inside, I decided I wanted only PIG products. Why waste stomach space on anything less than absolutely carnivorous?! Despite my best efforts, somehow the salt-roasted beets still ended up on our table. Besides the beets, we tried the fried pig's ear, porchetta panini, pork liver pate, roasted bone marrow and braised pigs tail. We also ordered the white bait, but the kitchen messed up our order over and over, so finally we had to cancel the order all together since it still hadn't arrived after we were done eating. Favorites: PORCHETTA PANINI! Some other yelpers have said some negative things about the panini but I thought it was FABULOUS! The pork was slow roasted and bursting with flavor. I also loved the pig ears. There were some bites that were a bit salty, but pig is meant to be salty! One of my friends disliked the pork shoulder but basically licked the plate clean of the mashed potatoes the pork came on. He also loved the rich and creamyness of the bone marrow. The pate is a good portion and requires more than the 6 pieces of heavily buttered crostinis that come with it. I think most of the food was good...but it doesn't live up to all its hype. It's not food I've be willing to wait over an hour for. I had a glass of red that the server suggested for its bolder, fruitier flavors but I actually enjoyed the bottle of Moretti's better. Overall, I'd go back..but I'm just not sure it's worth all the hype. Maybe its because my dining companions aren't big drinkers so I didn't get the full experience. I think I'll definitely come back with bf and enjoy a full night of wine and pork. That sounds fabulous! p.s. our server was snippy and the kitchen gave almost all our food to the crowd next to us so we had to wait an extra half an hour to eat. We didn't complain, but they should've definitely at least given us a compt plate or dessert to make up for their mistake.
