Here's the scene - a beautiful bar behind a cool street mural and a thick velvet curtain, decorated in teal and white with chandeliers and high chairs built in Wonderland proportions. The atmosphere is calm on a Sunday night and the decor makes it a little bit magical. Your charmed heroine, Steph C., takes a seat at the bar with Michael K. and Janice K. A young bartender comes over. He has a patchy growth on his face that he thinks is a beard. Your thirsty heroine studies the menu and settles on a drink called the Holy Mole, with tequila, sweet vermouth, Averna, and chocolate bitters. "Can I get the Holy Mole?" Patchy Face Growth tinkers with his tools, and says, "Just so you know, it's a very strong drink." Your just heroine notes that this is a reasonable warning, if not entirely typical, and says, "Okay. That's cool." Patchy Face Growth disregards your equanimous heroine's response and puts her in her place. "Women don't usually like it. Just warning you." Your patient heroine feels a tingle of rage, but with saintly composure, she smiles and says, "Got it." Patchy Face Growth disregards your noble heroine's second assurance that she will not faint from the fumes, and says, "I mean it's all booze. Most women end up giving it to their boyfriends." Your logical heroine notes with some generosity, "I see. Because it has chocolate, so I'm sure women order it expecting a milkshake despite the tequila and vermouth and Amaro. We are so very silly. But you need not be concerned, my dear Patchy Face Growth. I have decent reading comprehension, despite my strong emotional reaction to the very mention of chocolate." The bartender does not register that he has offended your gentle heroine, but he concedes and mixes her drink. Your proud heroine grows nervous as she decides she must swallow whatever potent mixture comes her way - she will not brook Patchy Face Growth's smug expression should he see her wince. The drink arrives, and it is strong but smooth, with enough flavor and even tone to save her from crying at every sip. She samples Mike and Jan's cocktails. Mike's is The Violet Hour Old Fashioned, with Old Forester, demerara syrup, and Angostura bitters - it comes without a disclaimer for burly Mike, a good if unremarkable Old Fashioned. When Mike asks Patchy Face Growth for an Old Fashioned with mezcal, the surly bartender advises against the concoction. Patchy Face Growth looks uncomfortable with improvisation, as if he has just seen a woman in a pants suit. Mike gets a Woolworth Flip instead, with bourbon, Carpano Antica, cynar, a whole egg, and root beer bitters. It is frothy and thick, with root beer sweetness, but its lack of balance makes it unappealing to your sensitive heroine's fragile palate. Jan's Pimm's Cup Variation #5 is a lovely refreshing drink, fit for a lady, with Pimm's #1, lemon, apricot liqueur, ginger syrup, orange, and blackberries. Your adventurous heroine almost never stops after one cocktail, but she decides that one drink is enough at Violet Hour. She considers tipping light, but as her party has moved to a table to drink without the judging leer of Patchy Face Growth, she makes no protest at her waitress's expense. As she and her friends leave, Mike slips away quietly and procures an apology on her behalf. Your hasty heroine has already left the building, and she regrets missing that confrontation. Your pensive heroine sighs. "Violet Hour could have been so much better," she whispers to the winter bird that alights on her shoulder. "It was so charming, and the drinks were pretty good. All tainted by a couple dumb words from one dumb bartender. It's a shame, isn't it, Bird?" "Chirp chirp," says the winter bird. "Yes, he apologized, but he had to get called out." "Chirp chirp chirp," says the winter bird. "Yes. I will write a review. That is my best revenge." Armed with her vindictive memory and her writer's arm, your evil heroine departs from Violet Hour into the ruthless cold of night.
