When I need to feel better, I buy a dress, or a pair of shoes. When I am recovering from a break-up, and desperately in need of a great pick-me-up, I take my girlfriend out to Geja's. Geja's and I go way back. I have heard, from many people and sources that it is the most romantic restaurant in Chicago, and it seemed to me that lots of gentlemen picked this place to propose. I have been in love with Geja's since the moment I visited their website, and I dreamed of a romantic dinner here. Who would ever thought I'd pick this place to get over someone. Ohhh the irony in life! But hey, let me tell you, whatever your purpose of coming here is, Geja's will help you complete it. Reservation is required - yes, they say highly recommended - but if you really want to eat here, make a reservation, and make it a week in advance. I arrived before my reservation time, and waited outside. The place was popping for a Wednesday night. As soon as my friend arrived, we were seated. Now I have spent more than enough time looking at (and drooling) over their menu, so I knew what I was going to get. My friend, who had been here before, also helped with her wise advises. Instead of going with the traditional premier dinner, we decided to just go with the cheese and chocolate fondue, and put some vegetables with it. I won't go much into details about the fondue - but here's the truth: I'm Asian, I didn't grow up eating cheese. I like American, provolone and cheddar cheese, thats it. Sooooo, the cheese fondue was a little bit of an "acquired taste" for me. My friend, however, was in love with it (the second time around). The vegetable tray that we ordered extra was standard - but I'm glad I got it, because it made me feel a bit "healthier" after just eating melted cheese and bread. Readers, if you make it this far into my rambling, please take note: stop eating the moment you feel like you're a bit full - because the cheese is just the beginning. We didn't have the main course (the meat and veggie cooked in oil or broth), so we shifted straight to the chocolate fondue. It very good - but I mean how could it not be? It's fruits, pound cake and marshmallows dipped in CHOCOLATE!! By the end it was a bit too sweet for me, but I enjoyed it. The little secret? If you are feeling fancy, order a bottle of wine. We got the Nivasco Brachetto - which was a sweet wine (girly I know), and it was delicious! The price is steep (I think 46 for that bottle), but hey, go big or go home! Also, another secret? Stop eating when you're just a bit full - because there are more than enough food. I had such a nice time here. The hostesses were so nice. Our server, Tracy, was super friendly but not overbearing. She was informative, attentive and funny. The ambiance could have not been better - very romantic, intimate and cozy. The price? Prepare to pay 50-80 per person depends on how much you drink, but it's one of those place you need to try. Bring anyone special here, you'll be sure you have a good time.
