On a "cost-per-unit-of-enjoyment" basis, L&E served up arguably one of the best meals my wife and I have ever had in our lives. No kidding. We went on a Thursday night on a total whim. We were driving right by it and were both hungry, so we stopped in to see what the wait was. By the time we had ordered and paid for our first beers, the hostess came over and led us to a nice two person table in the back room. Great atmosphere - dimly lit, simply (but tastefully) decorated, and an attractive crowd. After we ordered, the waitress brought over an amuse-bouche that had us licking the palm-sized plates clean. It was a drop of a delicious sweet cheese that I don't recall bathed in an apple soup and some sort of maple syrup-based sauce. Wow. What a way to start the meal. Then she brought over our appetizers, we had the braised lamb with miniature penne, a delicately prepared vegetarian agnolotti, and their home-marinated olives. They were all spectacular. The portions were appropriately sized given the flavors and richness of each dish and left us wanting more. Again, we were practically licking our plates clean. I was in the mood for a burger (afterall it is a gastropub, right?) and talked my wife into splitting one with me. We were not disappointed. The bacon it came with had clearly been prepared in a smoker for hours (if not days!). It was melt-in-your-mouth delicious. The burger too was perfectly cooked, juicy, and well spiced and served on a delicate brioche. The beef fat fries were a great compliment too. We skipped dessert out of sheer fullness, but the list looked delicious nonetheless. But the best part of all was when the waitress came over with the bill: $44 (excluding the two beers we ordered at the bar). $44!!! I practically fell out of my chair. We would have happily paid $144 for the quality of the food we were served. I've had better overall meals in my life, but I've never had a meal that tasted so good for $44 (or $64, $84, and probably $104 either). And that's why I say that that meal was among the best on a "cost-per-unit-of-enjoyment" basis that we've ever had. L&E definitely makes our list of frequent repeats!
