Wow...just wow. I have never ever had an experience like this. Before I get into what happend, I will say that the food is excellent but that is it. For all those yelpers that think that is all that matters, I disagree. You're paying for food and SERVICE...not just one or the other. My buddy and I have been here twice now for lunch and this was definitely the last time I'll be back. The first time, the service was lacking, with all the Asian and white patrons getting their food faster and being treated nicer than we were. I figured it was just a fluke and decided to try it again based solely on the food. This time it was much worse than the first time. 1.) Almost empty restaurant when we got there so there is no excuse for retard waitstaff especially when there are like 6 of them there. 2.) Like 4 tables of Asians and 2 tables of white folks got there after we were there for about 10 mins. Their orders were taken first and they received their food before we did even though we ordered the same things. 3.) I asked one waiter if he would take our order. He said, 'Wait' and proceeded to take all of the other tables orders before ours. 4.) Our food came out 30-40 mins after we got there. The food was great but that is totally unacceptable. We ordered basic things just like everyone else around us. Lunch took over an hour to complete. 5.) We asked for sodas. They never came. We asked twice more and they were taken to the table right next to us. The 2 white businessmen were confused and sent them back 10 mins later. The waiter then tried to bring over those same sodas and melted cups of ice over to us. I told him, 'Nooooope'. 6.) The only thing they managed to do right was to get us out of the restaurant. I left them a nice note and no tip for their version of service. I don't plan on returning, ever. So cliff's notes: I don't know if they don't like Indians or what but this was just absolutely the worst service I have ever had in my life...even in the deep, deep South. If anyone is ever in the Boston area, check out Sichuan Gourmet which has much better food and downright friendly service. I'm actually pretty disappointed because the food is actually good and authentic here but after the 2nd instance of what I'm definitely thinking is prejudicial service, I won't be back.
