Gilt bar is a very cool concept and has a lot going for it. The hip and cool lounge at the back while the foodies eat near the open kitchen. Gilt is a very exciting place and I will go again. First off, the service at all times was great. I made a reservation very late on a Thursday evening and the hostess was very helpful. We had Sara C as our server for the evening and she was excellant at all times. Very patient and explained the various types of dishes on the menu. I really wanted this to be a 5 star review however I had to many personal issues with the food and the drinks I had. I ordered a Pimms to start and this was a bad choice by me. It was a very good Pimms but I know that it is a very sweet drink and too sweet for my liking. Stupid selection by me. We had the roasted garlic and balsamic with bread and the bone marrow with bread. I love roasted garlic and this was a very solid start. After hearing everybody rave about the bone marrow, I had romantic thoughts of my time working in Paris and sucking bone marrow out of bones in michelin star restaurants. Unfortunately, Gilts bone marrow came no where near this experience and I felt that Gilts effort was brave but off the mark. It seemed more like lard spread over the bones and there wasn't much of a taste from it. The Mrs ordered the roast Chicken and it was a huge and very tasty portion. The Chicken skin was so tasty and it was a great dish. A small critcism was that the breast of Chicken was left on the bone so it was a bit more tough to eat. The flip side to this arguement is that leaving the Chicken on the bone makes it more tender and better tasting after it has been cooked. I ordered the Pork Belly and again I found it to be too sweet for my liking. The Pork was great but the cider sauce was very overbearing. We had the burnt cauliflower as our side and it was great. We had the chocolate cream pie as our dessert and we devoured it. Great dessert and I will go back again purely for it. A four star review but I gave Publician a 4 star as well and Gilt Bar isnt far off 5 stars
