For people who looooove meat, specially a variety of tasty cuts, then you would enjoy Texas de Brazil! BUT before you go, sign up for their mailing list, they will email you with tons of coupons such as 50% of for parties up to 6. Ok, on to the restaurant, their salad bar is amazing! It's much better than the other brazillian steakhouses here in chicago, and I have been to quite a few. The salad bar consisted of fresh cheeses such as mozarella, goat cheese (YUM), and grilled provolone to name a few. They also had seared tuna (omg....so delish) and a variety of vegetables to choose from. In addition to the salad bar, they also had a small sushi section and a hot food section which served soups, potato au gratin (awesome), rice, and beans (goes great with your meats). So, what I would normally do is get a plateful of veggies and some appetizers to wet my appetite and then come back to the table and flip my card to green so I have something to eat along with the delicious meats. They also bring mashed potatoes and sweet plantains with cinnamon as sides but I much rather have the salad bar veggies and save the sweet plantains with cinnamon as dessert. Now to the meats, oh where they delicious. Some meats were a little saltier than others, specially if you get the outside cuts, BUT its still awesome. My favorite cuts are the house special, filet mignon, lamb, beef ribs (sooo tender that it falls apart), and the garlic steak. They also serve some chicken and sausages but I choose to bypass those since i'm really there for the meats :) Make sure you keep an eye on your red/green card as the gauchos come frequently so make sure you flip it when you've had enough meat for now. Also, if you like a certain cut of meat and it hasn't come by in awhile, make sure you let your waiter know and they would be more than glad to ensure the gaucho comes by. Speaking of the wait staff, they are very friendly AND very attentive. Excellent service whenever I dine. Because i usually commit gluttony each time I visit, i never am able to enjoy their dessert menu....so maybe next time i'll try to hold myself back.......(probably not gonna happen, hahaha). So overall......this restaurant, in my opinion, is the best brazillian churrascaria in chicago. It has by far the best salad bar and excellent cuts of meat, defintely worth a visit from my fellow meat lovers :)
