Having gone to Lane Tech theres no way I havent heard of, or made it out to, Hot Dougs. But I am embarrassed to say I havent been there since high school before the kitchen fire. Better late than never again I guess.  It was a great day off today without a doubt. Im glad I didnt sleep in today and made it out to hot dougs. We joined the line around 2:45, sat down with the food about an hour later. Mid seventies, early october afternoon in chicago..bring on the line.  Of course I had to order the Foie Gras and Sauternes Duck Sausage with the Duck Fat Fries. And I added the Lamb and Beef Gyro. My friend ordered the first two as well and the Buffalo Sausage. We had shared the Gyro and Buffalo.  Oh man..where to begin? The duck fat fries!! Crispy, clean..you thought bacon grease is amazing..duck fat puts her to shame. Bacon grease has to tip her hat and take a knee. Almost forgot..only available fridays and saturdays! Lamb and beef gyro...kalamata olive sauce, feta cheese! I love cheese..feta is definitely up there on my list. And these were huge chunks o cheese. I wasnt too much a fan of the kalamata olive sauce; it was good, dont get me wrong, but def not for me. I think onions and cilantro would have complimented and completed it well. Buffalo Sausage...Chipotle Dijonnaise and Smoked Gouda. Did I mention I love cheese? Because I love cheese! And smoked gouda has to be..top 3? That and the chipotle dijonnaise...what a creamy combo. No only was there chipotle in the dijonnaise but it was also in the buffalo sausage itself. Great little kick..buffalo was clean and not gamey whatsoever. Definitely a keeper. And finally, what could I say about Foie Gras that hasnt already been said? Letting it sit on the back of your tongue, its essence bounces in your mouth like an echo in a cave. And then it rises to your nose like smoke up a chimney. My palette definitely isnt mature enough quite yet to fully grasp such great culinary complexities.  I could completely understand why this would be illegal.
