Las Tablas has a great look to it: Simple yet tasteful decorations adorn the walls, low mood lighting gives the place a comfortable feel to it (and makes me look dang good!), and the little bar at the entrance is spacious enough to hold those waiting for a table. As soon as we walked in, I had a good vibe out of the place. And then my friend pointed out that there was a "funky" smell to it. I thought it smelled like pescado frito (fried fish), but she said it smelled like paint, which would make sense (I guess) given that it is a new location. But it didn't bother me much. The food itself was good, but not amazing - definitely 3.5 to 4 stars worth (I will explain why I gave the place 3 in a little bit). I shared the big plate Para Dos (for two) with one of my friends. The red meat selection was very good, but as one reviewer pointed out, not as good as Tango Sur. If I were to return to this establishment, I would definitely go all-beef next time. The chicken that came on the platter was okay, but my other friend's order of Pollo al Ajillo (garlic chicken) was excellent, though as someone pointed it out to me, there is no smooching after eating that! What really caught my attention were the papas amarillas (the little yellow potatoes) that just melt in your mouth, along with the chimichurri-like sauce, yu-um! The yuca was good, but somewhat dry, and the sweet plantain.... oh God... that was simply divine (I could eat that for breakfast, lunch AND dinner), though you can get sweet plantains of equal (and sometimes better) value in other restaurants as well. Finally, what blew me away was the corn-bread (though it tasted like cheese to me) that they served with the meals. I can't even begin to describe it - you just have to try it for yourself. Now, though the consumption part of the evening was very, very good, the service part pretty much sucked. Yes, the portions were big, and yes, it was delivered faster than I expected, but there were a number of things that bugged me and contributed to the lower score: Point 1: Though the flan was really, really good, the arroz con leche (rice pudding) was served in its original container - i.e. the one that it gets packaged in when it is delivered from the store!! Do what other restaurants do: Put it in a bowl and make me think that you made it! Come on people, LIE to me! Point 2: On the big platter two of us shared, they served us with HALF a piece of the corn-bread thing! Come on people! There are TWO of us eating over here! At least give us a whole piece so we can each have at least half, not a meager quarter! They probably run out of the bread, bringing me to.... Point 3: It seems that they run out of *everything* I wanted! First, the passion fruit drink, then corn-bread, then every single dessert in the house except for the flan and arroz con leche. I understand that restaurants (especially popular ones) can run out of things, and that's okay, but the server didn't even seem to care! Bringing me to.... Point 4: The service itself was horrible. The story goes like this: Two of my friends showed up late and our server brought them menus, saying he would be back in a second, but taking a second times 720 instead (okay, that was a dorky math joke to point out that he came back 20min later...sheesh). Now, I know the restaurant is busy, and I know that servers have more than just one table to take care of, and normally I don't really care it taking so long, except this time I did. Why? Because not only wasn't our water glasses filled up once, but he came back to tell us that the grill had already closed and that my buddies couldn't order. The thing is, he never told us the grill was closing! AND, to further fuel the fire, he started blaming THEM for being late, and US for not calling ahead of time and letting them know that people would be coming late!! A friend of mine told him in Spanish that it was okay, that it wasn't a problem, but this individual kept going on and on about being their fault for being late. I found it offensive that he would be saying this in Spanish about my friends who didn't speak a lick of Spanish, and that he didn't even apologize for not letting us know that the grill was closing after he brought the menus for them to order. And so, I respectfully just turned to him and said that there is no problem, but he should keep in mind that he could have mentioned all of this earlier. I was on my best behaviour that night =) Would I return to this location? Nope. But I was recently informed that the location on Irving Park Rd is not only much better, but has their liquor license and serves a killer Sangria. I think I will go to that Las Tablas next time instead. And I hope the service is much, much better, if anything for my own piece of mind.
