I simply LOVE this place. This is a great place for breakfast/brunch on the weekend. And for being at such a busy intersection and in such a busy area, it's not terribly busy and the wait isn't long, if at all usually. Now don't go there expecting crepes like you'd get in France, which are paper thin and eaten more like a snack food AFTER a meal or in between meals. This is a serious crepe, and it's thicker than the French counterpart. One crepe is quite filling. If you want to try a savory one and a sweet one in one sitting, I suggest either splitting one of each with a friend, or if you come really hungry, split the sweet one, or some other combination. If you want to go for one of each, please, by all means, but I may judge you, and the staff may too. The savory crepes are really my favorite for breakfast, because that's just how I roll. I need something savory in the morning, and this is perfect for that. There are several "set" crepes off the menu, of which my favorites are Roma, Carthage, and Greek. But sometimes I feel really daring and I "make my own," which is an option simplified with a diagram in the menu that shows the choices you have for each type of topping. They'd definitely get an A+ on the maneuverability of the menu, if that were something one would rate. The sweet crepes are really good, and from what I hear from my friends who have a sweet tooth in the morning, they're delicious as well. Knowing myself, I'd go for the simple banana and Nutella one, because it can't get simpler and more delicious all at once. I suggest you go for an authentic drink, like a Turkish coffee, mint tea, or the apricot iced tea. They wash the crepes down really nicely. Sometimes I feel like I want eggs in the morning, and you can get those on the side. Just remember, a lot of places don't list EVERYTHING on the menu, so it never hurts to ask. Here, the staff is super friendly, so don't be afraid to ask. Also, they bring you a hot pepper spread with savory crepes, and you must try it. If you want more, they'll bring you more. Just ask. Finally, the soup, I know that's an off breakfast thing, but you just have to try their soup. I am a HUGE fan of the mushroom soup.
