I anxiously awaited XOCO's opening. And then. Well. I heard about the lines. I have an allergy to long lines. (My allergic reaction is unpleasant, characterized by;  shifting from one foot to the other, looking around to get eye contact from anyone working, checking my phone for nothing, really, just looking for a link to the outside world, the world outside of this GOD FORSAKEN LINE, and whining. I don't whine in public but the internal whine that happens whilst I stand in line would drive the sanest of persons' crazy.) So I stayed away from XOCO. (The "it's just okay" reviews made me feel okay about my decision.) Then I reconnected with a chef friend from my catering days. We made a date for a movie and some eats. Friend wanted to go to XOCO. I hadn't seen said friend in 3 years. A long line would not be a problem since I'm sure we had much to catch up on.  The queue was minimal when we arrived. Just enough for a few conversational teasers before we ordered. I got the mushroom torta, guac and chips and churros. I had already observed the complimentary water situation as we stood in line. (If you've read my past reviews you know I am a sucker for this Italian water filtration that a few restaurants are offering. Flat/Sparkling, no extra charge, no waste and a huge value-added item for the consumer.) I was thrilled to see Chef Bayless offered it at XOCO. I took advantage. I will admit I was a little (ever so slightly) peeved when I arrived and saw I would be ordering and given a number, then left to find my own seating, which looked completely packed. I was so wrong.  This is a tightly run ship. You and your party will have a seat and hot food. That's how the XOCO system works. (And, it really does work.) We got our number and sat and chatted. Chips and guac and salsas arrived so we ate and chatted. Sandwiches arrived (friend got the short rib) and all chatting ceased. We ate in silence with the occasional look to one another of approval, Rick makes one hell of a sandwich. Service was always available so we flagged down our nearest when we were ready for the churros. I don't know if it was because I was already full from the chips, the sammy, or the shortbread cookies (we broke into those things quickly...they are a MUST...I'm not a shortbread cookie fan but these have changed my whole outlook on the genre), but once the churros arrived I was done. They just tasted like an elephant ear from any Taste vendor. I would have liked it more if it came with a dipping sauce. Friend says Chocolate. I say Raspberry. Overall loved XOCO. But, I pretty much love anything Chef Bayless does. My only complaint was that there needs to be more non-meat items. Throw some fish in the mix Chef Bayless!
