My boyfriend and I had a Sunday evening dinner here before going to the Chicago Theater for a show. We made our reservations on OpenTable and were seated immediately upon arrival. It was a beautifuly day outside and we were offered an outdoor table if we were willing to wait for 15 minutes, but since we were on a timeline to get to the show we offered for immediate seating inside. The atmosphere is trendy and comfortable and the place was crowded but not packed. We started with old fashioneds - my boyfriend got a standard old fashioned while I tried the house old fashioned with an apricot infused whiskey. Both were different in taste and both were delicious. Our waiter was very helpful as we went through the menu and was very honest with his opinions - steering us away from some items based on our tastes and recommending others. We started with the spicy chickpea fritters and then shared the seared sea scallops and caramelized lobster. The chickpea fritters came with a great spicy and sweet sauce, but were a little more deep fried than I was expecting. I've had various types of chickpea fritters in restaurants and these reminded me more of hushpuppies than the lightly fried fritters you can get in other places. That said, it was still pretty tasty. The sea scallops were cooked to perfection, just seared enough but not overdone. The dish comes with crispy chicken skin, which I don't eat, but it was a very separate piece of skin that did not blend with the rest of the dish and was easy to remove (if you only eat fish, like me). My boyfriend tried the chicken skin and said it wasn't great, so I would recommend ordering without it. The caramelized lobster was perfection and delicious. The quinoa was perfectly blended with the lemon rice and the pieces of lobster were mixed in. The dish made my boyfriend a quinoa fan, and I'm happy that I can substitute it more when cooking knowing that he likes it just fine. We are not big eaters, so the one appetizer and two smaller plates were perfect to fill us up without feeling overstuffed. If you have a bigger appetite, you may want to get a third plate, or venture into their entree sized items, but the beauty of their menu is that it offers something for every type of appetite. With all the amazing restaurants in Chicago, it's hard to say if we will make it back here, but it was definitely an enjoyable experience, a delicious meal, and the proximity to the Chicago theater makes it great for a pre-show dinner.
