Five words: best meal of MY LIFE. Granted, I have yet to have any other full course dining experience, Graham Elliot was just that--a dining experience. The bf reserved a table for us spontaneously on a Wednesday night, and though I was tired from teaching all day and had to wake up at 5am the next day, I was definitely glad that I took the time out to have this delicious meal. (NOTE: be sure to take time out if you're planning on having one of the full course meals! We had the "tasting" section of the menu which took about an hour/hour and a half.) The one thing that I loved more than the meal itself was the fact that the servers focused the meal on the EXPERIENCE of eating the meal. They each explained what ingredients went into each dish and explained how to eat each course to maximize the taste and sensation of each dish. Awesome. The taste...oh my GOD, the taste! Each dish was as unique as I could imagine. The watermelon consomme, which was one of my favorite palate cleansers, had the sweetness of watermelons (along with cubes of watermelon bits sitting at the bottom!) and the spiciness from the jalapeno oil. Although the sweet/spicy pairing has been done, this is something that was truly remarkable.  My absolute...I lied. My TWO absolute favorite dishes were the deconstructed salad and the "sea" dish, which was halibut. The deconstructed salad played on the sweet/salty pairing, but also played on different texture as well. I loved the softness of the baby anchovy, paired with the crunchiness of the baby arugula and THEN the crunchy outside layer of the homemade twinkie AND the soft, moist inside. The halibut dish was absolutely to die for. I never EVER order fish at a restaurant, but if I did, this is what I would hope it would taste like. The fish was cooked to perfection--flaky, yet still moist and soft. Paired with the sweet crunchiness of the diced green beans and almonds, along with the sauce, this was tied with the deconstructed salad in terms of taste and texture. Funny enough, salad and fish are the last two things that I would ever order at ANY restaurant. Graham Elliot, you have restored my faith in good fish and a good salad. There is just so much to tell about the tastes, textures and overall experience, but I'm going just going to say one thing: YOU NEED TO GO. Make a reservation for a special someone and yourself and eat your heart out. Though it was a bit pricey, it was definitely worth every single of my boyfriend's penny (=P). Oh, and did I mention the nicely dressed servers?! Nice, clean jeans, crisp white shirts, topped off with blazers and an oversized "ge" belt buckle. Pure awesomeness.
