I kind of think XOCO is a NOGO. My friend and I got here early on a weekday night, and we still had to wait (albeit not very long) to share a table with 3 other people. Alright, I understand it's the latest hotspot so I'm willing to let it slide. When I ordered, the checkout people (is that what they're called?) weren't exactly overflowing with happiness nor did they seem particularly interested in serving you, they were just very "blah, I hate my job". Ok fine, so you don't have to fake it like you mean it. I'll let that one slide too. But you know what I'm not going to let slide? The prices! I got a torta, guacamole, and agua frescas for $17! That's super pricey, considering it's just a sandwich, chips, and a drink! And it's cafeteria style to boot! I could understand those prices for a sit down restaurant, but for service slightly better than Chipotle, I expect prices slightly comparable to Chipotle as well. So let's talk food. The guac was very good, really fresh, and the accompanying chips were decent enough. They didn't skimp on the lime in my agua fresca, and we ended up adding almost an entire glass of water to it to make it palatable. Again, not a big deal, at least I got what I asked for. Big plus is that they had FREE filtered sparkling or still water.  What I didn't ask for is my super spicy sandwich! I'm kind of punk when it comes to spicy food, but the foodie inside me makes me suck it up. This was unacceptably spicy to me (I realize everyone has different tastes), and my mouth was burning (and something later after a visit to the potty that evening!) after this meal. I just didn't love it... I don't understand the hype, or why everyone is so over the moon with XOCO. I really expected a lot from Rick Bayless especially after seeing him rock it so hard on Top Chef... but clearly you can't taste food through the tv, or I would have had some idea that maybe his cooking style isn't for me. I'm not breaking up with you Rick, but Frontera better be a whole of a heck lot better or I'm filing for divorce immediately!
