I think after a second visit, this merits a review. Pros: -The food I've tried has been fantastic. I really dig the Frites even though, yes, they're essentially French Fries, but honestly I don't really like fries normally...and I can't get enough of these Frites! -Montreal-rub brisket sandwich was very solid. -Beer selection, especially on tap is phenomenal. Not only is there a variety of different types of beers but none of the beers I've seen on their selection is sub-par! We actually had problems figuring out which ones we wanted! -The servers and wait staff are fairly friendly. -The separate classier dining area is really nice in that it's not just your average pub where you grab a drink. Bring a date too! -Yes the food is a little pricey but you get what you pay for. The beer though I think is reasonably priced for the quality of brews. -The atmosphere is neat, a little noisy at the bar (but what do you expect?). Cons: -Prices for food are rather steep (at least in the dining area). Don't expect your cheap-o bar food. I didn't see a bar menu so they might have one. -"10 minute wait" for a table was more like a 30 minute wait. Some updates from the host would've been nice instead of just standing next to us at the bar just staring into space. -Our server was a little scarce. Twice I had to stand up to look for him and flag him down. At least he was a nice guy. -The timing of our food was spaced out quite a bit to the point where when one friend was half done with his or her meal, the next two plates came out, and when they were halfway done, mine came out. And we all took our time with our food. -If you don't know what kind of beer you like, the beer lists may be overwhelming. Even though I know what kinds of brew I prefer, I found myself very conflicted very often. Thankfully, the bartenders would let me sample a few to see which one I'd order and they were helpful in what kind of brew I was looking for. All in all, definitely check this out, whether you want to take a date out or if you just want a good ol' time with friends.
