This was my first experience with vegetarian restaurant. My friends and I went here on a busy Saturday night in mid-summer. I was expecting a wait, but it really wasnt that long. We waited for 15 mins for outdoor seating and they even came to get us when our table was ready. The outdoor seating, hidden by the kitchen, is absolutely charming. It was beautiful and quiet and had such lovely lighting. We all really enjoyed the outside experience. Our waiter was patient with all of my omni friends who were quiet overwhelmed and I so excited I didnt know what to get. We ended up getting a seasonal appetizer, which I believe was artichoke dip with pita chips. It was really delicious, but the portion was barely enough for a bite each for the 4 of us. More so, the price didn't fit the portion. Now we ordered the Reuben, the Chikn Ranch, and Portabella Caesar Wrap. The Reuben and the Chikn Ranch was by far all of our favorites. We ate every bite, even when our stomach were saying no. The Portabella wrap was a little bland and completely fell apart. Their reuben is absolutely amazing. I never liked Reuben's when I was an omni, but this one was amazing. They make their own sauerkraut, which was a bit crispy making it taste so nice and fresh. And the seitan! Even my omni friends could not believe that it was vegan. The Chikn Ranch sandwich was also so good. We all decided to get cake. Deciding on Cookies n' Cream and Lemon Raspberry. But as a vegan who dies to bake...eh, it doesnt live up to the price tag or the description. Cookies n' Cream was dry and not as flavorful as it could have been. Lemon Raspberry was quite delicious, but again the flavors were a bit dull and the cake still somewhat dry. If you do decide to get desert, I would get their cheesecake, milkshake, or if you really want cake, to get one that is more fruit centered as they appear to be more moist. I went back a few months later and got a Reuben with the mac and cheese. The Reuben was great, aside from the bread having soaked a bit of the juices from the plate, so it wasn't as crisp and toasty as I would have liked. But the mac and cheese. Any vegan who missed GOOD and almost real mac and cheese...order a plateful. I was so taken aback. I had to ask my waiter to make sure that it was the vegan version as it tasted so real. Didn't have any nooch aftertaste that most homemade recipes have. Seriously brilliant. My table then all decided to split a huge peanut butter chocolate milk shake. It was the perfect amount of desert for 4. We all enjoyed it and licked every bit off our spoons. If you are in Chicago, this is a must visit.
