If your are going to Alinea you are probably a foodie but I'll say it anyway that you are in for a multi-course evening that will take several hours and be composed of many small dishes. This restaurant is for serious restaurant-lovers and you are going to spend a lot of money there so my suggestion is to dive in to the deep end of the pool and get the wine pairing because it is worth doing at a place like this. Usually when my wife and I go to dinner we choose a cuisine (Asian, Greek, French) or focus on a food (duck, fish, steak) and then select an old favorite restaurant or choose a new place that we have heard of. Alinea chooses to look at food and restaurants differently. Their kitchen does not have traditional stations, there is no line, the food tickets are held in the front and called out by a maestro like figure who orchestrates a team of over 24 cooks. The restaurant like Charlie Trotters, Les Nomades and other boutique restaurants is located a converted brownstone just north of the Steppenwolf Theater on Halsted and is modern with glass staircases, original modern art and has a minimalist but warm feel. Alinea is truly different however in its approach to the food. The menu you will be served is fixed, so aside from any food allergies you won't be choosing anything and the focus of each plate served to you is not a cuisine or a product but a flavor. You then add to the flavor by mixing the main item with side items & sauces which change that base flavor and make your plate different from anyone else who had it before. For example the Ice Fish course had segments of the fish placed along a line of vegetables and sauces including horseradish and other complementary flavors that you mix together in different combinations which creates more unique flavors. In some dishes instead of you changing he flavors they change them around for you by having ingredients mix together like the Apple Cider "shot" which came in a glass where the cider was trapped inside a nickel sized ball made of cinnamon flavored skin and was floating in walnut milk. You tipped the shot back and the ball burst in your mouth mixing the cider and walnut milk with the cinnamon. All the dishes were this way often forcing opposites together like sweet and salty, milky and crunchy etc. Overall I give Alinea five stars because it is truly unique and recognized world wide for what it is. However I would say these types of preparations are a bit of a schtick that for some people may get old by the 16th or 20th course. Having said that, this is truly a professional kitchen doing things you can't do at home which is why people should go out. This group of young people are definitely serious and will go on to do great things themselves. Summary: Each plate was an artist's palette that needs you to complete it but if you go there you have to approach it not as going out for a type of food or a single item but that you are going out to experience what a talented group of chefs can do with flavors.
