It takes quite a bit to impress me and from reading the reviews I was ready to be disappointed. I have been to other restaurants rated well by fellow yelpers and have been disappointed in the past. Nana's is really a bit of fresh air and a sophisicated restaurant in an unexpected location. I am a Bridgeport transplant (came screaming and kicking in stillettos no less from the Gold Coast) where i was used to excellent brunch/lunch spots at my door. We were really impressed with the ambiance, warm and bright with a hint of urban savvy. It is a open kitchen concept (reminds me of Bongo Room) and a coffee bar located in the middle of the restaurant which prepares it's fresh fruit juices.  We visited midweek so we were seated right away and offered coffee on ther spot. The menu has the usual eggs, pancakes, waffles, skillets etc made with fresh organic veggies. I judge every brunch spot by their coffee and pancakes, you'd be surprised to know how easy it is to get it wrong. THIS WAS SPOT ON! Coffee was smooth and not overly acidic and brewed just right, we ordered Jeremy's Special, it is a skillet of potatoes with Monterray Jack, bacon and two over easy eggs with salsa roja. The dish arrived loaded with chunks of potatoes that were crisp on the outside and tender and moist on the inside, the bacon was flavorful and easily cut with a fork, just the right amount of cheese, and the eggs were still runny in the center. My sister has the Strawberry Wheat Pancakes, light and fluffy, Nana's makes it's own strawberry/topping preserves which was not overly sugary or thick. I thought it was a smart alternative to pancakes with just fresh strawberries on top becuase it eliminates the need for additonal syrup/sugar on the pancakes! Ok now for the nitty gritty-this is a really nice place to have brunch, portions are just right for one person and I think going with the organic theme you're not going to find food smothered in cheese and butter here. Everthing is definately fresh which may account for their prices. I think bruch entrees are priced from $8-$12. A little on the pricy side but hey this is Bridgeport and least you save with free and easy street parking!!
