i adore this place. if you were an out-of-towner and wanted a great sit-down mexican place, this would be it (forgot those fancy smancy names that decorate the mainstream hot picks). it's in pilsen, aka lil mexico, and it is feels like i want to carry a pocket dictionary with me cuz i WANT to express muy sabroso! to guadalupe (ok ok thats a made up mexican name, there's no guadalupe - or is there?). i love the story behind this place as well! a husband and wife migrated from mexico to chicago in the 60s in search for the "american dream". they had four sons and struggled to provide for them that "american dream" while they tried to establish those new roots. as the 2nd born son reached adulthood he was offered the opportunity to purchase a tacqueria from a friend that was also from their native land of nuevo leon. the family bought the place and it has been a family run service ever since and you can feel the love they put into this place. happy ending. tears. (tears of happiness) now everything ive had is i-don't-know-the-spanish-word-for-AWESOME! first thing that happens when you sit down: free starters. chips and salsa, staple. but you never know what else they are going to warm you up with: a mexican cup of soup? mexican meatball? drooling.... the party is just started and you dont even have your menu yet. hopefully you stopped to grab a case of beer from the liquor store across the street cuz it's BYOB amigo! if you forgot get the horchata. now the first time i went i shared a nachos appetizer and i have NEVER had nachos like these. i almost cave and request to order em every time cuz i am so fond of em! you get 12, and each chip is individually decorated with the right proportions of guacamole, sour cream, beans and cheese. WOW. dindin: first time i got the combination plate... 1 taco, 1 tostada, 1 tamale, and 1 enchilada FOR $6! (tears of happiness)... each one of em was amazing but i'll tell you was the enchilada was soo irresistable... i wanted it's flavor to linger forever... ever since that time i get the craving and i order the enchilada suizas plate (also $6) with mole sauce. i am so in love with it i cannot part and order anything else. if i could marry a food legally, this would be it. now i have tried other mexican joints to see if any other enchiladas melt my heart in the same fashion and i have NOT found any other quite like this. we are just meant to be. now they have a tempting entree menu that ranges from $10-15. if i can momentarily part from my love addiction to those enchiladas, they will be my next encounter. the finale: tres leches cake. every time i go i am usually such a full and happy camper by dessert i cannot fit any more in the belly! but i went with a group of four once there was a good reason to share "one small cake between 4 people can't hurt...." and it was spanish-for-DELISH! i have only had 1 other of this kind of cake (of a handful of tastings of this kind of cake) that was similarly as good. if you have the room or the reason, get the tres leches. this place is such a pleasant experience. you feel like part of the family there. soooo affordable with a great range and execution of menu. you will miss them when you leave. you will want to go out and buy that pocket dictionary to express your love.
