Little sister. Apparently Xoco means little sister. If Xoco is a little sister, I'd L-O-V-E to see Rick Bayless' other girls. My girlfriend and I ate at Xoco on a Wednesday night before a Broadway show. We arrived at approximately 6 PM and our show started at 7:30 PM. Do you think we made it to our show? Stay tuned to find out. As soon as we stepped into the restaurant we were greeted by a very friendly staff. It was our first time, so the gentleman talked to us about specialties and fan favorites. He also asked if we'd like something to drink or snack on while waiting in line to place our order. We took our time looking at a very descriptive menu and wound up ordering the Woodland Mushroom torta [for her], pork belly torta aka the Wednesday special [for him], a trio of churros with the chocolate dipping sauce, and the Mexico City/champurrado chocolate. The tortas. WHOA. Que FREAKIN' bueno. Let's start with the bread. It's fresh. Crunchy. Flavorful. The pork belly [which I am used to being deep fried] was so delicate, tasty. The bacon, well, it's bacon! The arugula, aged cheese, and the salsa glaze work together like Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippen, and [insert third Bulls player from the Repeat-the-Three-peat era]. And from what I hear from the girlfriend, the Woodland Mushroom didn't disappoint, either [PS It's completely vegetarian!!]. The churros. Really, Rick? REALLY??! They taste like they look, A-MAZ-ING. A generous coat of sugar and seasoning with a side of some chocolate sauce. To round out the meal, we had the champurrado. It was, ahem, thick and chocolatey. I liked it. Didn't love it. But the girlfriend definitely enjoyed the drink. We were interested in a couple other drinks and plan to try them at another time. If you've gotten this far, it's safe to say we enjoyed ourselves a lot. Xoco is worth the wait, money, hype, and everything else. I mean, who would've thought that the master of Mexican street food was from Oklahoma? Oh, yeah. We made it to our show with twenty minutes to spare. Yep. We waited in line, ordered, were seated, and ate in about an hour. That's about how long people wait on a regular basis. Crazy!!
