"This is where really wealthy people go when they want to have a nice night out." --Joe, my husband, commenting on the over-the-top, upscale atmosphere of Tru. Bottom line: The food is amazing and worth the price; the service is fantastic; the drinks are far too expensive. We arrived a little early and were seated in the "lounge" while they set up our table. The waiter handed us a drink menu, and this was when we experienced serious sticker shock! A bottle of beer was $14. It was good beer (Three Floyd's Pride & Joy), and we're not opposed to paying for alcohol, but as my husband put it, "this was just offensive." It was unfortunate that this happened immediately, because it set a tone for the next half hour. It was at this point that my husband made the above comment. We sat at the table and the wait staff handed us our menus. The three-course option was reasonably priced, and included an amuse bouche, substantial bread choices, course 1, course 2, pallet cleanser, course 3 (dessert) and chocolates. Except for the pallet cleanser (which tasted like what I assume a lime-scented candle may taste like), the food was phenomenal. My husband and I shared all of our courses, so we were actually able to taste 2 appetizers (scallops and foie gras), 2 mains (lobster and wagyu spare ribs) and 2 desserts. One disappointment about the menu was there wasn't a wine-pairing option. That, I believe, would be a nice way to offer smaller amounts of good wine, paired by a sommelier (now that I think about it, I never saw a sommelier the entire night) at an affordable price. (Topolobampo has this option with its 5-course tasting menu, and we don't hesitate to do it every time we're there.) As for the service, our waiter really couldn't have been better. I believe he recognized when we sat down that we were feeling a little out of our element, and adjusted his behavior to be more relaxed to make us comfortable. It worked, and we began to relax almost right away. When my husband joked with him, he laughed and joked back. I was as impressed with his (and the others') service as I was with the food. The people are true (Tru) professionals. We had wanted to go to Tru for many years now, and I'm glad we did. I recommend it for the experience alone. However, one of our favorite things about going out for a nice dinner is enjoying cocktails and wine, and it was just way too expensive at Tru for us to do that. I found myself sticking to the one $11 glass of wine they had on the menu--regardless of what I was eating. So, unless the price of drinks comes down, we won't be going back. Which is sad, because I'll be thinking about that foie gras, those spare ribs, the sauce on the lobster and that chocolate cake for years to come.
