The Bongo Room is located in Chicago's Wicker Park, surrounded by hipster record stores and hipster shoe stores and, well, a bunch of hipsters. My friend put our name down and we went to a nearby coffee shop to kill time while we waited for our table and the last person in our party to arrive. About twenty minutes later we got a call asking if our entire party was present because our table was ready. We were still missing one, but said yes, assuming that by the time we got back to the restaurant she'd be there. Well that wasn't the case. That wasn't the case at all. We got to the restaurant and when the host asked us why we had said our party was ready when it wasn't, we made up an elaborate story about how we drove from the coffee shop and our friend somehow got lost. For an hour. Across two blocks. We tried recruiting a stranger to pretend to be our fifth, but apparently the hipsters in Wicker Park are a bunch of lame party poopers and they refused. We kept checking in with the host and telling him to give our table away, but he seemed determined to catch us in our lie and insisted he'd have our table ready. By the end, about an hour had passed since we told the host we were ready and we had changed our story to incorporate a fender bender, seeing as how that would be the only plausible explanation for why it took so long. It was either that or telling him she had gone into labor, despite not being pregnant. Alien abduction? We're not exactly criminal masterminds here. Anyways, when our friend finally arrived she looked fittingly frazzled, and the host took pity on us and even commented on what an ordeal she must have gone through. Our lie had paid off. And even though we can probably never show our faces at this place again, it was worth it, because dammit if their food isn't good. How can you not love a place that serves red velvet pancakes. Yeah, you read that right. Red velvet pancakes. It's like somebody read my list of fantasy foods and turned one into a reality. Also on that list: bald eagle omelette and lobster-stuffed crab.
