Hopleaf is the classic case of becoming a victim of its own success. I've been a once-a-month patron for the past six years, and Hopleaf holds a special place in my life -- it's the place where I've taken my wife (then girlfriend) on our first date, and it is where I proposed. BUT... Just three stars. At one time, Hopleaf used to be down-to-earth and mellow, patrons being either the literary/intellectual types or hopheads who respected the place, and respected each other -- there has been many times when people would catch my attention if they saw me (and my party) waiting for a table to share their table or to hold it for me as they left. Dining room would usually be half-empty, so the bartenders mostly tended to the bar patrons, and while they were never the types who made you feel like "where everyone knows your name" welcome, they would always be there when you needed a drink, and work with you to give you tastes to guide you through the encyclopedic beer selection to the beer you've had in mind. So, what's changed over the years? 1) It's WAY too crowded. Not only is getting a seat or a decent enough standing room almost impossible on any given Thurs-Sat night, the packed dining room means that the bartenders are usually super busy servicing the dining drink orders. Catching one is difficult, and the interaction once you do, is a fleeting, hurried one. If you don't exactly know what you want, you'll definitely feel the irritation in the bartenders' attitude. 2) Patrons have changed. The demographic is not yet the fresh-out-of-the-frat-house Wriglyville type, but it's definitely shifting in that direction. When you bump into people (and you definitely will on a weekend evening), you see less of the mutual apologies and respectful small talk, and more of "wtf" looks. With 240+ reviews by the time of my review, I guess it's attracting a wider array of demographics, and many who are migrating up from "south of Addison." There's not much Hopleaf management can do about my gripes, perhaps with the exception of adding more bartenders on busy shifts, or have one solely dedicated to servicing dining drink orders. Nonetheless, I also feel like they really haven't done much (I'm sure there are other things that they can think up) to address these concerns. Before, I had no hesitation when I decided to go to Hopleaf -- I'd start calling up some buddies as I'll head over there and look forward to some good conversation over great beer. Now, I pause to glance at my watch, then consider my location in that evening and think about other alternatives. If there are more than 2 other friends who offer to join up, I usually end up calling for the alternatives; I like Hopleaf, but if I had to give up either great beer selection or chance for decent conversation, I'll give up the beer selection. The beer list remains ever so impressive (I think it's actually getting even better!) and contrary to popular belief, the prices are high, but fair; they've always been. There's no "specials" but their American brews on tap tend to be much cheaper ($3-5 range; Belgians are usually $6-9 range) and there is one brew that's $10/pitcher. It's too bad that Hopleaf will return to what it used to be, and I have to start admiting that when I'm on a lookout for a bar is what this place used to be.
