I've read so many great reviews of this restaurant that I chose it as the venue for an important dinner with my wife and another couple visiting from out of town. Leaving nothing to chance, I made a 9:00pm reservation and we dutifully checked in at the restaurant, everyone dressed up for our fun night out, at 8:45pm. Upon arrival, we were told by a host in a gray suit that, " it might be a bit longer".  No worries! I thought, we'll go to the bar and split a bottle of Prosecco. I should note that he could also have been a manager, but certainly in title only, as it became clear that he was managing nothing. I'll refer to him as "The Cheap Gray Suit" for the duration, as the word and title "host" allude to some level of hospitality, of which there was not a whiff. At 9:15 I politely inquired with The Cheap Gray Suit if he had any better indication of the time we might be seated (trust that I am not re-coloring this to my favor, we were truly courteous and very reasonable in all our encounters with The Cheap Gray Suit). We were told flatly, and now surprisingly, a bit rudely, that it would be longer. Back to the bar to try to keep everyone's spirits up... At 9:30, after watching a number of parties of four, who arrived after us, be seated my wife checked back with The Cheap Gray Suit. Again, nothing. No apologies and no updates, other than it would be a longer wait. This time, The Cheap Gray Suit added a dash of highbrowed aloofness for good measure. Is there anything more off-putting than being subject to unwarranted snobbery? Actually, there is! Unwarranted snobbery directed toward someone else in your company. That was the final interaction with The Cheap Gray Suit we were prepared to endure. There are too many other fine restaurants in the city. If any of the staff had made any effort to even acknowledge our wait, we still may have gritted our collective teeth and pressed on (not to let one spoiled Gray Suited apple ruin the bunch.) As it happened, we were ignored, the hour was late and the wives were fading. We informed The Cheap Gray Suit we were leaving on the way out the front door, and departed for a fine sushi dinner at Mirai Sushi. I eat out frequently, and completely understand a busy restaurant and the possible resulting delays, but it wasn't the wait, it was the pathetic attitude of The Cheap Gray Suit that spoiled our experience. The Cheap Grey Suit was unwaveringly unapologetic, smarmy and obviously could care less that we would be, and were, waiting so long (despite having a reservation). When we told him we were leaving he, remarkably, continued to maintain a perfect balance between unapologetic rudeness, smirking attitude and a dreamy vacancy. A fantastic example of somebody who has no business in that business. Pity, as this is obviously a fine restaurant, to have such an sad amateur as the first (and in our case, last and final) point of contact.
