I'm a little late on this review, but I just joined so bear with me. I took my sister and one of my roommates here last year and I must say that I haven't found a better steak yet. There may be better out there, but I just haven't had it yet. I am on a quest for the best steak in the world. :) Anyway, I called in for a last minute reservation. I don't know if they thought I was someone important or if they do this with all their guests, but we were given a personal greeting by the General Manager. He escorted us to our table and offered his assistance in choosing a wine.  At this point I realized I was no longer in Kansas and certainly not at Wildfire (btw, they also have a very excellent steak - just not this type of service). After walking us through the menu and finding a nice bottle of wine, the GM bid farewell and had two more people take over in his place. He did stop by two more times to check in on us, but it was very non-obtrusive. On to the appetizers, I told my guests to order anything they wanted and being the food loving people they were, we ended up getting 3lb of lobster, stuffed mushrooms and the shrimp cocktail. If I could rate the appetizers 1-10 - I would give them a 12 and that is how good it was. The main course consisted of a filet, and my sister and roommate both got one of the specials. I can't rmember them off the top of my head except that they were both fish. They seemd quite content with their food. As for my filet, it came out still cooking on the plate with a pat of butter on top sizzling away. Let's just say it really does melt in your mouth. Those of you that have had one should know what I am talking about. As for the wine, it went very well with the steak. So much so, that is was all gone before dessert came out. So far, so good. Excellent food, excellent company and plenty of fun, plus the server was extra cool. For dessert, we got some freebies since it was my roommates birthday and we were celebrating. By this time, we were so full, we couldn't finish the creme brulee and fresh berries with cream sauce. We just sat back, relaxed and enjoyed the atmosphere. I highly recommend Ruth's Chris. It may be expensive, but it is more than worth it.
