Sunda, to me, is like that really shy guy that everyone finds attractive and talks about. He says and does the right things when he does say and do something...until you find out that one thing that's wrong with him. It PAINS me not to give this place 5 stars, because the food....was phenomenal. You HAVE to try the Lemongrass Beef Lollipops. NY Strip Steak on a stick?! I mean COME ON. It's so tender and juicy and the chili glaze they smother it with is absolutely to DIE for. And then there's the Pancit Canton- a filipino dish that has been Americanized the right way with losing a hint of Asian- if that makes any sense. It really is pretty delicious and you definitely get the BANG for your BUCK with the amount they give you. The Firecracker (specialty sushi) was also very good (tempura spicy tuna, cream cheese, jalapeno, water chestnuts, unagi sauce, spicy mayo, tempura crumbs)- but I can't say it was AMAZING. What hurt was the service. From the moment we walked in WE had to be the ones to go up to the hostess and ask to be directed. THIS IS YOUR HOUSE....YOU TELL ME WHERE TO GO was my initial reaction. Our party wasn't complete so she had us wait, but that's all she said. She didn't direct us to the lounge where we can order drinks or offer a menu that we can take a look at. She just said "Oh, you have to wait." And then there was our waitress, who gave us nothing but attitude. We assumed that because we weren't super tall and wearing business suits she treated us differently, because she definitely treated the table next to us with a whole lot of pzazz. It was also VERY LOUD in the restaurant and hard to hear even the person across the table which is weird - something ought to be fixed here!  But yes, reserve online via Yelp/Open Table...it was nice because I had mentioned it was my birthday and we definitely got a free dessert out of it at the end of the night! :) Very convenient and they email and call you to remind you. Too bad the service AT the restaurant wasn't up to par.
