I know that I am going to met with people thinking I am some kind of crazy, I hate when I see places that have all great reviews and then one bad one. BUT, my experience at Purple Pig was not great and bordering on awful. First of all, we were greeted by a crabby hostess who did not even smile. I watched her throughout the night and watched her go from frowning to outwardly rolling her eyes at customers, as if they were bothering her by asking to be seated. Our server wasn't exactly rude, but was so overwhelmed with tables that she ignored us for 20 minutes at a time. Not a great thing when the whole menu is small plates and your order throughout the night. it was bad from the start. I ordered a gin and soda and the drink she brought me was a gin, with lukewarm water, it was so bad I actually sent it back, which I never do. We then ordered three cheeses and the prosciutto di parma. The cheese was good, and I appreciate that it is housemade, but it was nothing over the top. The prosciutto tasted like it had freezer burn, it was not salty and really had no flavor. Next we ordered the potato croquettes and they were downright awful, the filling was so watery and had no flavor whatsoever. The breading was good and perfectly friend but the inside tasted like watery instant potatoes. We also had the chorizo stuffed olives, which were ok, but again nothing special. We ordered the waygu sirloin, which I thought was amazing, this was really good. We also had the cauliflower which was very oily, but had okay flavor.  Finally we ordered the green onions and were served on some weird clay, gutter type thing. These were not good, they were gummy and so very greasy. The other thing that I thought was totally ridiculous was that we arrived for dinner at 6pm, the two things I was dying to try were the fried deviled eggs and the pate and the server was almost sarcastic when she was like, ummmm we only serve those at dinner and they are sold out. Like we should have known this? It was 6pm!!! Dinner service started at 5pm!!! How are you out of something an hour after dinner service starts?! All in all it was very busy, the two things I really liked, would almost make me want to come back here and give it another try because so many people say such good things, but after the horrible service I wont be back. Oh they also dropped like 35 glasses in the hour we were there and there was broken glass everywhere. So disappointed because I think Jimmy Banos is such a cutie pie.
