I am a constant frequenter and have designated this at one of the first places I take my out of town guests and for celebration dates for family/friends. It is also where I took my now fiancee for our very first date three and a half years ago, so I decided that it would be a nice touch to relive our first date again on the day that I propose to her. Unfortunately, I'm prompted to write about an instance of horrible service I received at Grand Lux on June 22nd for brunch. I had just proposed to my girlfriend that morning, and I had planned for us to come to Grand Lux to recommemerate our first date together here. We were seated fairly quickly, and were excited to enjoy brunch together again. Joel G, our server, stopped by to introduce himself and let us know in detail what the soups of the day were, and then left us to look over the menus. From here, the service dropped horribly... Upon his return, my fiancee asked him if he could repeat what the soup options were again. He looked at her and simply replied "chicken or vegetable." Perplexed, she asked again to get some clarification and again he looked at her and with attitude replied "chicken or vegetable." Instead of pressing the issue, she let it go and just ordered the chicken soup. Part way through the meal, he stopped by to see how we were doing, and I asked if he would mind taking a picture of us. I was about to explain that we had just got engaged this morning however before I could, he cut me off and stated "Actually, I do mind taking a picture of you right now. I'm busy with a lot of tables and don't have my head on straight yet." With that, he left the table. After he dropped off the check and I began filling out the tip portion of the bill, he made his way over to our table again and told me "Give me your camera." When he was taking the picture, he looked at me and said "What, no smile?" It seems my annoyance with our waiter was a bit too obvious. I am very disappointed at the service we received from Joel G. Even in the event that this was not the day I proposed to my girlfriend, this level of customer service is ridiculous. While I understand a waitstaff must be efficient, his actions and words left no doubt that customer service was far from his list of priorities. In fact, his coincidence of coming back in telling me to "Give me your camera" while I was writing the tip portion was likely not so much of a coincidence. My fiancee has suggested that we never come back to Grand Lux, and I have assured her that this is simply an individual problem, not an issue with the restaurant itself. I hope that my defense of the Grand Lux is an accurate one... Unfortunately, the brunch of our engagement day is likely to leave a bad taste in both our mouths for a long time to come due to the inadequacies of one waiter.  All in all, I love the food here... but this one bad experience has truly caused me to reconsider bringing guests here. From five stars down to two... Disappointing.
