Two things Thing One - I gave it 2 dollar signs because if you split the duck with someone it will be $15 each but the majority of the menu is under $10 per person which would be one dollar sign here is the problem I can't imagine getting anything but the duck... Thing Two - I did not check that you can get reservations but I would call ahead and let them know how many ducks you need and when your coming to make sure there is duck to be had... I have never found myself duckless at Sun Wah but I have heard stories of said ducklessness... I have found myself at Sun Wah on 4 occasions for the BBQ duck it is $30 for one whole duck dissected table side... They take this wonderfully roasted duck and turn it into a multi course duck parade... The duck is beyond savory, it is sooo juicy and so tender... if anything it is a little high on the sodium content and when I say a little high it has enough sodium to preserve a whole cow! Here is the thing this should not be enjoyed daily or weekly this should be a once a month at most treat, drink lots of water to filter out all the salt, it also has the high fat content of a beautifully roasted chicharron (pork rind)...  You are wondering how it is I gave this place 5 stars with such staggering fat and salt content? The truth is just because something can cause a massive coronary on the spot does not mean it is bad oh contrar it is a spiritual experience! They start out by sectioning off delicate duck medallions on to a plate these are served with these light fluffy rolls and an explosion of duck sandwich side items... You construct perfect little sandwiches to taste or just eat the perfect little duck cutlets as desired...  As you and your closest friends are wallowing in this duck delight they usher the remaining duck carcass away and in perfectly timed explosions the duck returns creatively prepared for every form of ideal consumption... One huge bowl of Duck soup arrives and try but you will not finish this soup it is enough for many more then two... It is good it is hot and it is plentiful with hints of duck and moments of happiness through out! Holy happiness is a pile of duck fried rice or stirred duck noodles the size of two heads batman! This duck fried rice is so addictive you may find your party consuming every last piece of rice but you also may regret eating that much rice remember rice only gets bigger in your stomach... did I fail to mention that this all included endless wonderful pots of tea yes sip sip away and be happy everyday! wait as if that was not all enough, here comes the in-house made-frozen fruit treat of the day; it could be a mango ice or perhaps peach sherbet whatever it is-they made it just to follow this duck... two people can easily split this duck orgy... My friends are big eaters! Portion conscious calorie counters could do a sampling of this with 3 or 4 people... I have never tried to do it with more then 2 if we have 3 we get 2 if we have 5 we get three... again my friends and I have no self control... try it... Sun Wah will leave you feeling just Ducky!
