I really wanted to like this place. Wait, strike that. I had no desire to feel any way about hopleaf. In fact, the only reason I would ever venture this far from hyde park on a Sunday night in the dead of winter is because my friend chose this restaurant for my friends and I to celebrate her 24th birthday. I don't drink beer, so I was immediately prepared to file this experience as "something you do for a friend". However, after reading the reviews on yelp, and speaking to others who had been here, my attitude shifted from one of reluctance and hesitation, to one of indifference. They have a policy of not seating you until your entire party has arrived, so be sure to get there together! The mussels were the best part of the evening by far. We had them in white wine sauce, which was delicious when dipped in bread (be sure to ask for more bread).  I'll take the blame on the rest of the meal because I ordered the tilapia sandwich, even though I wanted the duck sandwich. My friends had the brisket and CB&J sandwich and the brisket entree. All of which were thoroughly enjoyed. You may be wondering: why 3 stars then?  Well, I'll tell you: a fellow yelper wrote "the staff is openly hostile to customers and the wait can be ridiculous at times". I am here to tell you, this statement is completely true! Sunday evening at 6pm the wait was 45min ("luckily" our entire party wasn't there, so we had to wait anyway) which is a little ridiculous. And the waitstaff are the most oblivious, inconsiderate people I've experienced in some time. I couldn't tell you my waitress's name because 1) she never introduced herself and 2) we saw her a total of 3 times throughout our meal. She appeared once for our drink order, once to get our meal order, and once at the end of the evening. Had I not flagged down our busboy, I would not have had any condiments, extra bread, new plates, or gotten another drink order. And to cap it all off: after our table was cleared, we waited about 20minutes for our bill. We finally grabbed our waitress's attention by making a scene and having my entire table stare at her while she chatted with the table next to us. So, she walks over, places her hand on our table, leans in, and stares right back at us. After what seemed like an eternity, my friend finally says "can we have our check, please?"  She then stormed off, and had the hostess give us our check. And that, my friends, was my terrible experience at Hopleaf. I would give them 1 or 2 stars, but I feel bad that this waitress ruined my experience. So its a pity-3 star rating. next time, I'll stick to the Medici in hyde park. It looks exactly the same as hopleaf but its in my 'hood, so I won't be as pissed about having a bad experience.
