I love love this place. Me and a girlfriend were craving risotto and pizza. After a quick google search for "Chicago pizza and risotto," it led us here. And I'm so glad it did. We showed up late on a Monday night, and they still had a pretty good dinner crowd. We debated with the host over a table or a seat at the bar, and she set us up at a great table in the back since it was our first visit. Table 27 to be exact. The table numbers are on each table; which I loved, because 27 is my favorite number. Already off to a great start. Everyone here is so friendly. The busboys and other servers greeted us on our way to our table. Water was promptly brought, and our waitress Brittney shortly followed. We started off with the roasted corn salad. The combination of corn, walnuts, aged goat cheese, argulga and mushrooms was amazing. After reading over the menu, I was about to forgo my original plan for pizza, and turned to Brittney for some advice. She explained everything very well to me, and I settled on the Raviolo 'San Domenico.' One large raviolo, ricotta, egg and spinach. Definitely not your grandmothers rav, but to die for. My friend enjoyed the beet salad and risotto; and I know she enjoyed it because, neither of us spoke to each other for a good 10 minutes! I was pleasantly full, but still could not help but wonder how great the pizza was. So as my friend was ordering dessert, I quickly blurted out "Cheese pizza!" The waitress must have thought this was our last meal on earth. The pizza came out; and of course, amazeballs (as Giuliana Rancic would say). The chocolate mouse dessert shortly followed, and now it was official. Everything was great from start to finish. We were unable to finish the pizza or dessert, but that had nothing to do with lack of flavor. Only lack of room in our stomachs. We will hopefully be moving to the neighborhood shortly, and I'm looking forward to being a regular here. I already told my father (who grew up just a couple miles from Davanti) that I have to take him there. Like I said earlier; its not your grandmother's pasta, but this contemporary flare on traditional Italian dishes is the pasta every grand daughter should introduce to her family!
