I was really excited to make a trip to The Violet Hour. I enjoy my imbibements, but I'm not a fan of the atmosphere and crowd that most bars have to offer. I saw the website and I was totally on-board after seeing some chic photos, the menu, and the house rules--the concept was so winsome! Overall I was pretty happy with my experience and I look forward to going back. Here are some (lacking) details: Atmosphere --- I went with a friend on a Friday night, around 7:30 or 8. We only had to wait a minute or two before being seated. I was... surprised... when I entered. Compared to the photos I had seen online, it was not nearly as well illuminated, and the music was surprisingly loud. I didn't expect the lounge to be bright, but I did not think it would be that dark, either. The music wasn't necessarily bad, but it was loud enough that you are always conscious of it, no matter how engaging the conversation is. I would like this place a lot more if they didn't dim the lights so much and if they realized that the music is overbearing on the concept that I feel they are going for. Drinks--- My friend and I got two drinks each. Our waitress was fairly helpful, explaining some of the tasting notes to expect from each drink, and making (good) suggestions based on what kinds of tastes we each like. I can't go into much more depth--I just know that I liked it. The presentation was really nice as well. Despite my friend not getting straight whiskey, they served her cocktail with a giant sphere of ice (minimal surface area to volume ratio = less dilution). That same round, I had a the Slaughter Flowers (gin-based) which was served in a tall, narrow glass, with a matching tall and narrow beam of ice inside! It's just ice, but that attention to detail made the experience feel that much better. I was pleasantly surprised by the overall bill--each drink turned out to be just a bit above the $10 mark. Other thoughts--- I would love to bring a date here. The bar seems like a nice place to be seated at. At the con of it being less private, the seating can be much closer together than many of the other seating arrangements available. I'd also just love to watch the bartenders/mixologists work their magic in creating these great drinks.
