Clyborn (Roscoe Village) Pros: Food, Coffee, Atmosphere, Price, Parking Cons: Limited in Seating (Only in Winter), Area, Service (Sometimes) PROS: I was one of the first customers when "90 Miles" opened.  To say the least, I was very happy with everything they had to offer. All of the food was fresh and really good.  Over the past year or so, the Clyborn restaurant has dipped in service, but not by much. From time to time, they will get the order wrong but will turn around to make it right. Sometimes by offering a free cup of coffee. This is great, considering most places would not even bother to admit they were wrong to begin with. The coffee is great, it's made really well. It is one of my favorite brands since I grew up in a household that served Cafe Bustelo and a great alternative to Intellgentsia and Metropolis coffee that is usually offered around the Chicagoland area. The food is always amazing for me. Any sandwich that I have ordered over the years has always been juicy, tasty and among other great words that I can not think of right now. The price are reasonable and you do get a lot for what you pay for. I do tend to worry about simple things costing a bit much like the Grill Cheese Sandwich ($6.50). For as simple a sandwich can be to be close to something that has meat. This is a bit much, but then again, if I went there for a grill cheese sandwich then I have to worry about why I am ordering it.  They also have a great (small) outside patio and parking. CONS: The bad is (and this is not much for me) during the winter month, since the place is so small, when 90 miles can be packed there is not much room to sit. So basically for me, the winter month are mainly for pick-up and go. This can go either way for each individual to what kind of experience they are really looking for. At this moment, the area is somewhat shady. Most times, I have never had any issues, but I know in the past there has been numerous incidents that happen. This is not because of 90 Miles itself, but for where it is by. At the same token, this is just the start of a neighborhood that is up and coming. Granted Roscoe Village is great at certain points and areas, when you head more west, its ... eh. Service sometimes can be somewhat eh too, just because they past few times I have gone they have gotten my order wrong. I don't know if because if the person behind the counter is new or not.  The last time I ordered (about a week ago) I had ordered 4 sandwiches and received 2 sandwiches and plantains. Granted I love my plantains, but not what I ordered... The excuse the gentleman gave me is that I ordered it wrong. REALLY? you are going to tell me what I wanted & ordered and debated with me what you gave to me. I do not think so..... But issues like this are so sporadic that i just brushed it off and went on with my own business. It is not worth dealing with idiotic nonsense like that. All in all, the place offers great food and service....
