Oh, I see that there are already 6000 reviews. Basically I'm just writing to brag that I have been here. It is AWESOME. First, I love me a spot that is hidden from the general public. You just have to KNOW where it is. I obviously wasn't in the know--but my swank host for the evening did. We motioned to the door guard (guy paid to stand casually about, to let the beautiful people in.)to let him know that we were 'down.' He opened the door enough for us to catch a glimpse of the "House Rules" before breaking on through thru the labyrinth of rich velvet draperies. Mouths slightly agape at some of the rules, we decided we were much too casual for this joint. Dejected, we turned to leave, and the doorman wouldn't let us. He said that rule board is just there to weed out jock douche-bags and party sluts (my interpretation was much more careful with his words,) who have proven to be loud and over served and inappropriate. WE were the kind of people they wanted there, not to worry. Well, Well! With that formality out of the way, we meandered through the rich curtains where we met up with a super-friendly hostess who single-handedly set up and intimate table for two by arranging some hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigh-backed chairs (almost to the ceiling!) around a low table. Dim candlelight and heavy leather bound drink menus rounded out the feeling that I was SOMEWHERE. It also made me feel utterly terrified of the green I was about to throw down for a drink. I didn't care, I felt like I was officially an extra in Gossip Girl. Unsurprisingly, the menu was chock full of decadent sounding drinks of all varieties. Surprisingly, the prices weren't too terrible ($12 and up for a fancy drink) Floored and almost speechless what these folks could do with whiskey, I got a sarsaparilla infused whiskey vanilla honey something or other. My host ordered another sort whiskey drink for us to compare and contrast. Mon dieu, the aren't Scrooges with the whiskey !! I felt strangely relaxed, mostly because the drinks went straight to the brain and partly because everyone working there was SO NICE. I didn't pick up any hint of pretense from any of the people serving us. I just had an amazing experience, and next time I'm in town, I will demand to go back. xoxo.
