Two days after the 2011 Blizzard, driving for the first time in 3 days, UG (Uncommon Ground)'s well-plowed, private parking lot was a welcome amenity. I had to miss the recent Yelp Elite brunch here, but savored what they had enjoyed vicariously in their rave reviews (three below mine and about 30 more at http://tinyurl.com/498qx). Obviously it wouldn't be possible to recreate a boisterous gathering of Yelpers (Elite ones, at that) by just ordering a similar menu, so that was never the plan. But a number of the standard UG menu items had been served family style to the Elites, and sounded so delicious that having a taste of those (on my dime) was the goal. The winter scramble was similar to what my fellow Elites enjoyed: 3 scrambled eggs with broccoli, leeks, and white cheddar - done to perfection! The standard UG sides were the potato latke (as at the Yelp brunch), toasted sour dough with raspberry preserve, and garnish of orange, grapefruit, and blood orange slices (these latter items not being on the Elite's menu). A side of the chicken, maple and sage sausage in pork casing rounded out the morning meal. So now I can agree with those who attended that UG's fare is superb and worth another visit. If you were one of the lucky few (120) Elite who attended that Saturday afternoon brunch, you might ask, "What about the chilaquiles*, the French toast, those other seasonal sausages, and, of course, the Bloody Marys?" Considering that they were there between 2 and 4 on a Saturday, and I was there at 10:30 AM on a week day, the mix of those with what I ordered didn't please my mental palate and probably wouldn't have agreed with the digestive one. And that's what the next visit will be all about, trying the other items I skipped. Looking forward to that! *As explained by the waitress, their chilaquiles are akin to a nachos plate, involving tortilla chips, chihuahua cheese, and sour cream, but with eggs any style and spicy chorizo sausage. Sounded like a "big meal." Probably goes well with a Bloody Mary. But I was drinking only a cranberry juice this morning.
