My mother once said to me, "you never 'like' anything. You either love something or hate it." And I dare say I have not loved a restaurant to this extent in quite some time. I fully admit - I was skeptical at all the raving reviews especially when my lovely fellow Yelper Aurore said she once went to Davanti Enoteca thrice in one week. No way. WAY. I don't even know where to begin - it's that good. Ricotta and Honey comb served in mini mason jars with Tuscan toast. Whoever thought of this is pure genius. Oos and ahs. Crispy pork belly + apple mostarda. To die for. Small 2 piece portion, I could have had 10. I must say - I had no idea what "mostarda" was but god, I love a new unexpected taste sensation. (Note: an Italian condiment made of candied fruit and a mustard flavored syrup.) Cavoletti: brussel sprouts + pancetta. Just mouth-watering! More, pls. Pasta: Riccio di Mare e Granchio = linguine w/sea urchin & crab. Glorious. Don't be put off by the prospect of the sea urchin. It emulsifies and you can barely see it let alone taste it. Interesting. Pizza della Fattoria: farmed egg + pork belly + potato + scallions + asiago + bechamel. Okay - full disclosure. My dining companion, Space Cupcake, and I did not even touch this gorgeous thing. It went straight from oven to take-out box to my home, to my beloved who loved it. Why? Because our fabulous server brought us THIS delectable number (for free - kitchen mistake): the Davanti Burger - their "special blend" beef burger + bacon jam + roasted tomato +cheese curd + arugula + roasted garlic mayo + shoestring fries. A.MA.ZING. My passion is baked goods and for Deborah E to leave a restaurant so full, so happy, so sated w/o even thinking about looking at a Dessert Menu is simply unheard of. Our server Eric had a great personality was highly knowledgeable about all the dishes (hey, didn't you wait on us at the Purple Pig?). From the hosts to the backup help who constantly filled our water glasses to the managers, everyone was so warm and friendly. Yep, it was one big Love Fest. Group Hug, Davanti Enoteca, you have me hook, line and sinker. For-evs.
