I would've say I love Anteprima, but I also don't hate it either. Some of the positives about it are that is a cute, quaint, bistro style Italian place in the heart of Andersonville. It isn't decorated over the top, and you almost feel like you are at someone's home for dinner. It's very charming and cute. The service has, for the most part, always been spot on minus one woman I had almost a year ago who talked to me and my date for almost 45 minutes about her life problems. The outdoor seating on the patio is beautiful and coveted during the Summer months. As for the menu, I want to preface this by saying that I am very well versed in different food ingredients and styles. Yet, even I have a difficult time guiding through the menu at Anteprima. It's not that a unique ingredient is mixed into the menu options and descriptions. The description is completely saturated in near hieroglyphics regarding what the ingredients are and how it's prepared. It almost makes you wonder if you're the only stupid person there who doesn't know what the hell the menu says, and if everyone else, like yourself, just pretends to order something they think they know and end up with a boar head sandwich! The wine list is the same format, all overwhelming and no tasting notes to help guide you through. As for the food, I have eaten here four times and every time, I have loved my appetizers and hated my entrees. The great appetziers include the antipasti selections with fig jam (yum), the dandelion fritters, and fried zucchini flowers. The entrees have always fallen short. I got the steak here one time that is supposed to be dressed with arugula and olive oil with lemon (as a garnish). Let me tell you, it was drenched in oil, almost as if a cup of oil was dumped on top of it. It was inedible at almost $40. The salmon with lentils was blah. No seasoning or flavor. The fish of the day that they prepare in the philo dough was light, again lacking flavoring of the fish meat. The last time I had the duck with sage. Good, not great. If you go here, I would highly suggest ordering strictly from the appetizers and pastas selection, and skipping the entrees altogether. Not only will they add an additional $30-$40 to your bill, but they will leave you questioning the culinary integrity of this contemporary Italian spot. I certainly don't mind paying $150 for dinner, but blow me away!!
