I will never ever ever again set foot in this hotel ever again.  I don't even know where to begin. I came here in hopes for a relaxing spa day with my girls. I know parking is crazy expensive in the loop, but they have 24 hour valet which is much cheaper so its fine right? No. I get to the front and the bell man says no valet.... I point the sign that says 24 hour valet in confusion.... man says no... and i think to myself- WTF? ?? so... I end up having to park in some garage across the street and the bell man assured me I could get my parking validated. So fine.  The elevators are SO small.. and old... and seriously I thought I was gonna get stuck in one. But that is not why I am giving this hotel 1 star. I am giving this hotel 1 star because I have never experienced such nasty service at any other hotel before. I had to get my parking validated after our time at the spa. The spa sent me downstairs. First I got to the concierge. They can't validate it. So then I am sent to the front desk... There's a crazy line of people checking in so I thought - well- validation takes 30 seconds so let me just ask someone to validate it. I go up to someone real quick and ask politely... he responds with a sarcastic rude tone- "you want validation??? stand in line and you'll get it"  Are you kidding me? I did not respond because I just didn't know what the beep to say to his rude a$$. How do you seriously talk to a customer like that??? I'm still in disbelief. Then I stand in line. After 15 minutes, I finally get to someone and ask him to validate it. He informs me that since I was not a guest at the hotel, I cannot be validated. I told him about their valet service not working and he said that its not working today bc the president was at their hotel the day before- what does that have to do with anything?!?! I told them the bell man dude in the front of the hotel said I could be validated, but again I got attitude from this front desk guy. Then I told them that the spa said the front desk could validate me-- he said go back up to the spa so they can validate me-- but hello they are the ones that sent me downstairs!? He said he needs proof from the spa... I offered to show him my receipt from the spa but he wasn't having it. I mean, did I look like a young illiterate teenage punk to these people or something? I'm a freakin 30 yr old physician. WTF. I have NEVER experienced this type of stupidity and crappy service and disrespect of customers from any hotel in chicago before-- not the elysian, not the intercontinental, not affinia, not sofitel, not the W, not the Wit, not the Dana, not the Amalfi, not the Trump, not even the freakin comfort suites! And also, I kind of was a guest at the hotel--- how bout the fact that I was a guest at the hotel's sorry excuse of a spa and each of my friends got 2 services done and we spent half a freakin day at this crap hotel. I was fuming but left. Got to the parking garage and saw that I had to pay 30 some bucks for parking, which would have been around $14 or less if they had their "24 hour valet service" working, OR would have been zero dollars if validated. That's just not the point tho, I have money to spend, but after the responses and attitude I got from these highly untrained workers, it was just really disappointing.  There is SOOOO much more to this story but I have lost the energy to tell any more of it. All I know is that for a hotel to make themselves out to be so prestigious, they sure do treat their guests like dirt. I will NEVER be back here. I would never recommend this backward hotel to anyone ever. OH- and their SPA SUCKS btw. NEVER AGAIN... stick to the Elysian (Waldorf Astoria) people.
