The Drake is a beautiful hotel. But, I feel like for the type of hotel it is, the service should be better.  My husband and I stayed here in the middle of our honeymoon. We were on an "adventure" honeymoon and had been camping through all the national parks in the West before coming to Chicago--and of course splurging on a nice hotel because it was our honeymoon! Is it because I rolled up in my dirty honda civic that was extremely full and had bikes on the back that made them think that they didn't need to be helpful? Someone did take my suitcases, but then afterwards didn't really help me out. Since he seemed to disappear, I ended up just taking them myself because he just left them on the corner of the sidewalk.  The concierge and the front desk were very nice and helpful about what to do in the area, although we couldn't get any kind of upgrades (like so many I hear about) for being on our honeymoon. I didn't necessarily expect that, but was hoping. The view from our room was beautiful still--view of Lake Michigan. The bed was super amazing and comfy.  When we were leaving and the valet brought my car around, I talked to the guy driving it and tipped him. Got in the car and saw that a plant I had brought with me was completely tipped over. There was soil all over the passenger side floor and the plant was uprooted. I know, it's weird to bring a house plant on a trip with you. But the fact is that it was there and it was totally a mess.... The driver could have at least told me when I was talking with him.... did he not notice the soil everywhere?? To be fair, there happened to be one guy that noticed I was upset about it. He took my floor mat, shook it out, and helped me get everything back together. He was SUPER nice. I wish I knew his name, because he seemed to be the only one that cared.  I know my complaints seem picky, but the fact is we don't splurge on expensive hotels that often, so I was expecting a bit more. No one really seemed to go out of their way. (on our wedding night we stayed at the Boston Harbor Hotel which DID go above and beyond) The hotel was gorgeous and comfortable, but the service wasn't really what I was expecting. Maybe when I'm older and better dressed?
