Well, lookie here - I am late for this party. Which is odd, because I'm usually so punctual. Listen, I know it's only January 15th, but so far 2011 has been incredibly kind to me. (knock on wood) I felt the need to celebrate. I had heard all the hype. Read about the rules. Heard varying opinions on this place. But I was ready to finally lose my Violet Hour virginity. And as soon as I walked through the curtains into this beautiful, sexy space, I readily handed over my VH v-card. My friends (who were no strangers to this place) suggested we meet up early. (Clearly they know Jo W. waits in line for no one.) We arrived around 6:30 and easily got a table, but one trip around the bar on the way to the restroom (which is adorable, btw) told me that everyone else had the same idea - open for half an hour and already full save for two tables. Impressive. (And on our way out we literally had to push through the crowd waiting to get in.) I admit that I struggled with their drink menu. My true love is vodka, and the mere three drinks they offered up with vodka weren't calling out to me. But I threw caution to the wind and started things with an Austin 75. When it arrived it looked and smelled delicious, but I have to admit this wasn't my favorite. It was too sweet, and something was just missing for me. While we sipped on our first round we ordered a cheese plate, which was delightful. As I type this my mouth is watering thinking of it, especially that white cheddar cheese... For round two I ordered a Moscow Mule. Because Oprah told me to. Kids, listen to Oprah, for SHE IS WISE. When I took my first sip I thought, "NOW we're talkin." Refreshing. Delicious. Smooth. This drink reminded me of summer for some reason, and I liked it. Service was outstanding. Our server kept an eye on us, but never bothered us unless he saw we needed something. When a friend asked for recommendations, he asked the right questions, clearly knew the menu inside and out, and delivered up a home run for my friend. Violet Hour made the night easy and relaxing, the perfect way to spend an evening with friends. When we left, we agreed we felt warm and happy without a hint of drunk. I like that feeling. I had a truly lovely evening here, and look forward to coming back.
