The more I try Cuban food, the more I realize how much I enjoy it, and my experience last night at 90 Miles was fantastic! We had a reservation at 6:30pm on a Saturday, and the place was buzzing and nearly packed when we arrived, which I feel is a huge indicator of its popularity and the NEED to have a reservation. We were seated on the outdoor patio and began to look over the menu to see which appetizer we wanted to try. We debated between the Choripan (chorizo on bruschetta) or the empanadas. We ended up going with the emapanadas since we were able to pick the stuffing on any three and chorizo was an option. We went with the said chorizo above, beef, and goat cheese. These took about 10 minutes to come out, and they were delicious! Our favorite was the goat cheese which oddly was a light pink color, but nonetheless tasted as you would have anticipated. The beef was pretty good--well spiced but the texture of the meat wasn't my favorite, it was kind of chunky. Lastly, the chorizo was unlike many chorizos we've tried in the past... it almost had a pepperoni like flavor? This made us glad we didn't get the Choripan. As for the entrees, we got the following: 1) Puerco Rostizado (Pig roast infused with guayaba, pan fried with grilled onions, and served with black beans, white rice, and maduros): This was the winner of the evening. The pig roast was stuffed with the guayaba fruit, giving it a slight sweet flavor. The shredded pig roast was incredibly tender and succulent, making each bite incredibly savory. It was topped with grilled onions which also gave it another sweet flavor. I almost ordered the "Lechon" dish under the dinner plates, but the waiter said this dish was better, and I 100% believe it! I'd highly recommend this and my boyfriend was jealous that he didn't get my dish. 2) Ropa Vieja (Traditional Cuban dish made with shredded beef, onions & peppers long-cooked in a Creole sauce): The meat was a little stringy, but the onions and peppers really made the dish in my opinion. With each bite of the meat you could taste the flavors of the onion and peppers. I only had a small sampling, but my boyfriend that this dish was just "ok". The beans that came with both dishes were extremely tasty, and they gave you a lot of broth with it, so we dumped some of the massive portion of rice we were given into the beans. A great side to each entree. The fried plantains were a little disappointing. They fry these up in large quantities and plate them as the dishes are prepared, so they come out luke warm and a little soggy. The service was pretty solid, our waiter was very friendly and offered up suggestions. Even though their menu says no corkage fee, we learned that there was in fact a corkage fee. We only brought in two beers with us, so he waived it, but I just wanted to bring up this inconsistency. We'll probably try out the Roscoe Village location before coming back, but this place is worth a visit!
