First and foremost, I want to let you know that I've been going to Garcia's for over a decade, but this prior dining experience put me over the edge. 1 Star = Horrible Service and Food When I was younger, I thought this was the absolute best Mexican restaurant in the Chicagoland area! But since then, my pallets and my expectations of service have changed. Me, my girlfriend, and her siblings decided to grab a bite to eat after some Christmas shopping. It was a party of 5, we got sat and got our chips and salsa right away (probably the best part of the dining experience).  We waited 20 minutes to get our servers attention so we can order. She took our drink, appetizer, and entre order. We order 3 large horchatas, 1 regular horchatas, and 1 Chorizo and Cheese Appetizer. I ordered a Carne Asada Burrito with everything no tomatoes, my girlfriend ordered a Steak Torta with no tomatoes, her brother ordered a Carne Asada Burrito with everything, her other brother ordered a Chorizo and Eggs with corn tortilla, and one of the girlfriends had a 2 Steak taco dinner...... not hard right? After ordering, 25 minutes have passed and we still have not received anything, not even our drinks!! It took us 30 minutes to get our appetizer, which came out cold but at this point we were so hungry we didn't want to complain. Another 30 minutes (a total of 1 hour since we ordered our food) passed and our food was not out yet, at this point we're starving (we devoured the chips and salsa and the appetizer) and I watch as other people's food leave the kitchen before we even get our food. At this point we were tempted to walk out because our Pay Box parking was about to expire. I went up front to the cashier and asked to speak to a manager. When I spoke to the manager and he told me the food was taking a long time because there was a large party, I then asked him why other tables were getting their food before us? He never answered my question and replied back with Sit down, you're food will be out soon, we will give you a discount. Within a couple minutes our food came out, everything was cold and disgusting. Either they put it together on the spot or it had been sitting in the window and no one ran out our food. The waitress who ran out our food tried to explain to me that everyone had to wait for their food... How does that explain people getting their food before us? She replied, not everyone's food is as complicated as yours (see our order above, is it complicated? An 8 year old can put it together) STOP MAKING EXCUSES FOR YOUR LACK OF SERVICE. (Either the kitchen eff'd up or you never put our order in) NEEDLESS TO SAY, I WILL NEVER GO BACK AGAIN.
