'That was good two days in row!' That's what my girlfriend said about the Ropa Vieja at Cafe 28 when I told her that I was siting here Yelping it. So was my honey jalapeno pork chop with sweet potatoes - the portions were big enough that we ended up bringing the extra home. I sure as hell wasn't leaving it behind considering how good everything tasted. I hadn't eaten here in quite a while, but my friends swear by it. Since they were in town after moving away last year they had to eat there. And since we were having dinner with them, well so were we. Which is a good thing because the mojitos kick ass. I think that it's between Cafe 28 and Nacional 27 for the best mojitos I've had in Chicago. The rest of dinner was pretty spot-on. The ceviche was fresh if not exceptional, the tamal cubano was tender, even if a little under-seasoned for my tatse, but the papas rellenas were fried up just right. One of my dining companions was rendered mute while there were still rellenas left.Of course, when it came to that pork chop I mentioned earlier I was loving life. It was a little sweet, a little spicy, and all tender. But not as tender as the ropa vieja my girlfriend got, or her kisses, but that's another story. You can't go wrong either way - with the entrees. Because my girlfriend will not be kissing you.Anyway. We finished off dinner with the tres leches cake because I always try to save room for desert. it happens to be my friend's favorite desert anywhere in the city. While he has a soft spot for tres leches, I do have to admit that I still agree with what he said the first time I joined him at Cafe 28 six years ago - 'The tres leches is the shizzle.' The words are outdated now, but the sentiment remains true. Plus, the atmosphere is comfortable and the staff are friendly. The manager remembered my friends from their past visits, including the rehearsal dinner for their wedding five years ago. The pacing of the courses was right on time and our server was attentive enough to notice as soon as our mojitos ran out - which was a few times - and to make sure we were never wanting for anything without being intrusive. All in all, definitely worth the trip. If the appetizers had been a little better I would have given it four stars.
