Hubby and I took a long weekend get-away to Chi-town, stayed at the Sheraton Four Points (Awesome hotel!), and we could see the Grand Lux Cafe from our room. We decided, on a cold windy night, to stay local, so we walked to the corner, waited about 2 minutes for a table, which wasn't bad at all considering the place was packed and it was about 10:00 on Friday night, and were seated (the wait would have been longer if we wanted a window seat, but it was dark and we really didn't want to wait for a table that looked out at the same buildings we could see from our hotel). After looking at the prices (we had money to spend, but the prices were outrageous), we decided not to order apps (had a couple glasses of wine instead), and went straight for the meat and potatoes. I ordered the shrimp scampi and top sirloin and my hubby ordered the NY strip steak. Our waiter, who was very nice, but not too attentive, and had the same line at each table when he introduced himself (I guess it worked though...his name was Shane - "just like the movie" - didn't have the heart to tell him it was a book first.) Anyway, our meals came out in a decent amount of time...my husband's steak was covered in some kind of salt sauce that was like a slimy concoction of salt and more salt...he couldn't scrape enough of it off. Plus, for being so 'fancy-schmancy', it came with a basket of french fries. very odd.... My scampi and sirloin were definitely NOT worth the price. I had 3 battered and fried shrimp in a white creamy sauce that was more sweet then garlic-y (any self-respecting chef knows scampi is basically garlic and oil...not a white creamy sauce!), and 3 2x2 square slices of sirloin (good thing i wasn't THAT hungry)... Our bill (with 4 glasses of wine total - the cheaper Shiraz on the menu), came to over $100. Definitely wasn't worth it for the meal or the atmosphere...it was just crowded, loud, and not memorable. PS - just read some of the other reviews....never realized it was similar/owned by Cheesecake Factory - never heard of Grand Lux Cafe before (wish it was more like CF, had pretty decent meals at those)
