Take a jaunt away from Barcelona's Gothic Quarter and Las Ramblas into Mercat Santa Caterina: A Catalonian market possessing a myriad of colors, flavors and aromas. After experiencing the real thing in the homeland of Espana, your heart will be calling for Chicago's South Loop Mercat a la Planxa located in the gorgeous Blackstone Hotel. I finally had the opportunity to bite into their contemporary take of traditional and modern Spanish 'planxa' (grilled and made-to-order) tapas. Now normally tapas are "bar bites" in Spain so Mercat was a ways off when it came to price...unless I was unknowingly paying for the currency equivalent price in Euros. Otherwise, everything was Spain bumped up a notch involving chic decor with Gaudi-inspired mosaics and octagonal shapes. Mercat even offers a Whole Roasted Suckling Pig (Cochinillo asado)! [Note: Must be ordered 72 hours in advance] I took all my fellow Yelpers advice and ordered the Premium Mesa de Jose's Tasting Menu. Our fabulous waitress covered all bases by checking if anyone had allergies or dislikes, explaining the difference between the Premium Tasting and ordinary tasting (the premium basically includes the more expensive menu items; ej. lobster versus shrimp) and was super friendly and courteous to the point of giving me a menu marking down which items were including in the tasting. Accompanied by my wino friend, we purchased a bottle of Garnacha/Tempranillo mix to accompany our food versus paying the overpriced wine pairing. This was after sipping on a cocktail each of El Bolero and Merengue; both nothing to call home about. On to the Tasting...I will say that our favorite dishes, note that none were disliked, were the following (I included the menu's Catalan names for reference): -Bacon-wrapped Dates Stuffed with Almonds (Datiles con almendras): Best I had EVER had, which says a lot since they seem to have become popular at many restaurants across the city. -Braised Rabbit Agnolotti (Conill amb chestnut): One of my top dishes that was similar to a rabbit ravioli with a delectable truffle-chestnut puree and sweet brandied cherries. -Colorado Rack of Lamb: Easily the best lamb I had ever eaten with a delicious jus poured over the top with tons of flavor. -Colorado Lamb Loin Brochettes wrapped in Bacon with Lamb Jus (Pintxos muranos): Ultra tender with tons of natural juices and tasty bacon. -Serrano Ham & Fig Salad: I have been to the Museos de Jamon ["Ham Museums"] throughout Spain and wherever Mercat gets their serrano ham from is outstanding, plus this salad his huge with large, tasty figs hidden within. -Morel Mushroom Bomba Rice (Arrox con morels): Ultra fluffy rice dish with tons of truffle oil; What's not to love about that?! -Green Bean Salad with Serrano Ham (Judias verdes con jamon): I'm not a fan of vegetables but if this is what my mom prepared as a kid I would have quickly eaten my daily portion of greens. -Also included in the tasting were the following: Mixto cheeses and marmalades, Spanish Omelet (Truita de patata), Mussels (Mejillones a la rousillon), Porcini and Catalan Sausage Coca (Coca de cepes y butifarra), and half Lobster. I finished off my meal with the Croquetas de Xocolata which is not to be missed! They're little fried balls of dough (croquettes) injected with milk chocolate which are to be dipped in the accompanying banana-marshmallow foam/creme and rosemary caramel. The display alone is gorgeous being served on a deviled egg platter, but once you pop into one of those little fried gushers the display is easily forgotten about. My one [easily fixed] complaint is that the dishes came out quickly in the beginning and then became spaced out by 20 minutes or so towards the end. My other would be the close proximity of the tables, but that's just how it goes. Otherwise, Mercat is the perfect spot for a special occasion like an anniversary and the Chef Tasting Menu is extraordinary with a good variety of dishes and plenty of food. So make that Open Table reservation ASAP.
