Came last night for the "lost Southern foods dinner." sponsored by Slow Food Chicago. A great concept and a meal. We sat communally with some slow food regulars, good conversation ranging from the Civil war to some Cheese shop in my hood that I was unaware of. Chef Paul came out and explained about ingredients that are fast disappearing from our dinner tables, Southern ones specifically. From rice grains related to arborio to peas and charcuterie methods that are dying. Get to the food Bob! The first course advertised as Sea Island red pea cappuccino, was a soup of pureed red peas reminiscent of a black eyed pea, but round and buttery in flavor, speckled with puffed Carolina gold rice, it was topped with a bacon foam and a pickled ramp. I dove straight into the ramp, I love ramps, and it gave me flashbacks to some of my early culinary memories. The bacon froth was subtle and amazing. The puffed rice gave some texture to an earthy and well balanced first course. Second course was three different house made charcuterie, head cheese, andouille, and chaudin. I had never heard of chaudin and was excited to get at it, a pate'esque meat studded with rice, kind of Boudin for the sophisticant. The head cheese stole the show, at my table there was some apprehension but once fork hit mouth it vanished. The head cheese was not gelatinous in the least bit, rich and meaty, the flavor of pork was pure and unadulterated. The andouille was the best I have ever had, Chef Paul explained his difficulties in finding great Andouille which led him to make his own. This tender subtle sausage was unlike the rubbery, smoky salty versions I have had. As if these three things were not enough they were topped with a couple of whole grain mustards, a "chow chow" (Chef referred to it as a relish but my old farmer in NC would have called that a chow chow and threatened a beating if you called it any thing else.) There was also a touch of pickled cabbage and a slice of Pan Perdu. Then the dish was topped, as if it needed anything else, with a pickled Laughing Bird shrimp, sweet, crispy and delicious. Third course, a simple salad that gave the pallet time to recover, shaved asparagus, lettuce and black benne paste ( a type of sesame seed) the salad was light and refreshing. Fourth, a Duck Gumbo. Any traditionalist knows that gumbo is all about the roux, just about anything can go in, as long as "in" has a roux. After the meal Chef explained he made the roux with duck fat which has a fairly high smoke point and is the reason for the incredible depth of flavor. Another example of Chef Paul's dedication to Southern food culture is his Tasso ham which of course they make in house, lean slightly smoky from hanging over smoldering pecan wood. On top of the gumbo were hot and sour mustard greens, amazing! Every time I get greens I say "damn these are the best greens ever" and rarely am I in the South.  Popcorn rice was served in the gumbo and was aromatic and buttery. Dessert,  Calas, Pumpkin Seed Pralines, Lemon Ice Cream, and coconut foam. Don't know what calas are? Wikipedia calls them rice cakes, but that does not do them justice, they are crispy, slightly chewy, rich and covered in powdered sugar quite addicting. The pralines (pronounced Praw-leens in the South) were amazing as well, chewy, caramel and nutty, they were perfectly matched with the lemon ice cream and the coconut foam.  This meal in some ways was exactly like dining in the South,  A wonderful host that spent days preparing your food and effortlessly serves it up with good conversation and great libation. I left this event satisfied, home sick, angry (I am always angry) full, motivated and in awe. Chefs need a vision to truly show what they are capable of, this was Chef Paul's Magnum Opus. For now any way.
