How in the world does this place have such a high rating? I (finally) made it here on Saturday night, and for as busy as they were, the food should have been out of this world. Or, at the very least, fresh. Let me say first that, even though I'm from the south, I am not particularly knowledgeable or picky about my barbecue. Until Saturday night, I didn't know the difference between a baby back rib and a St. Louis style rib, and I only know that pork shoulder and pork butt are the same thing because Google told me so 45 seconds ago. BUT. I know that when you order ribs and a pulled pork sandwich, and they come out literally 2 minutes later, cold and without sauce, that they've been sitting under a heating lamp just waiting to be served. Also cold? The soggy fries AND the mac & cheese. And can we talk about the mac & cheese for just a minute? Because you need to know that the crap that comes out of the Kraft box has more flavor than what I was served at Chicago Q. Even adding spicy BBQ sauce didn't help. The complimentary pickles? Can't opine on those because I'm not a pickle person, but the smell made me gag. The complimentary bbq chips? Hit or miss, depending on whether a given chip had enough seasoning. The service? Do you remember how I said the food came out in 2 minutes? Well from that point forward, the waiters and busboys were trying to turn our table. They tried taking our free chips when the entrees came out, and they tried no less than three times to take our entrees while we were CLEARLY still eating. I mean, fork in hand still eating. And when my friend asked for a beer recommendation, something "like a blonde," our waiter said, "well we have ___ blonde on the menu." And then he just looked at her, expectantly, as if reading the beer list sufficed as a recommendation. The ONLY redeeming aspect to this entire meal was the dessert - chocolate mousse with salted caramel. And I think there were crushed pretzels in the graham cracker crust. Still, as tasty as dessert was (it saved this from being a one-star review), I will never go back to Chicago Q. I used to think that there were too many good restaurants in this city to allow a sub-par, overpriced restaurant to stay open for very long. Clearly I'm wrong.
