Creme Fraiche! Like Randy Marsh I was in food bliss. I had read all about the hype of Pequod's as the city's best deep dish (or is that pan?) pizza. I'd need reinforcements for this excursion. My buddy that just relocated to the area met up with Kris and I for our afternoon feast. No waiting to be seated and we had a nice booth in the corner. Based on a little Yelping research I knew deep dish was the thing to get here. Great taps of seasonal brews from Half Acre, Sam Adams and New Belgium. We put together an order while we got started on pitcher one of NB's 2 Below. Spinach, mushroom, garlic, extra sauce and light cheese for the lady. Sausage, pepperoni, garlic and extra sauce for the gents. It would look kind of odd if Kris and I both got our own pies, so I'm glad my buddy solved that problem for us. About the time we moved onto our second pitcher, the dude showed up struggling to hold our pizzas. Right here dude! These things clunked down on the table like they were Grandma's old cast iron skillet. They smelled fantastic for starters, that would be the garlic. We wasted no time tackling these pies. It's a little thick for my taste (that's what she said) which is why you'll want to go with extra sauce. The sauce is tangy and a bit spicy, but not sweet at all. I liked the charred cheese around the rim of the crust. That's a nice touch that added another level of flavor. The garlic and pepperoni kicked in with some spiciness and the big chunks of fenneled sausage were tasty. Pretty damn good. I liked this one better than the veggie, but they were both great. Our beer and za gluttony hit Thanksgiving levels as we caught up and the brew flowed on to the third pitcher. Things were not expensive at all. I think our pies were $25 even with all the toppings and the pitchers were about $17. That's a steal that we'll surely take advantage of again. I also liked that they had all the accompaniments of red pepper, grated cheese and herbs on the table already. I had an excellent afternoon buzz by the time we left and had such a great time that I halted the cab dead in it's tracks when I realized I had forgotten our leftovers at Pequod's. I think I was about halfway down the block in pouring rain when I heard Kris ask if I was really going back to get them. Is this man serious about pizza? I think so. 4.5 stars
