The place has some very good aspects and some significant flaws. In an attempt to ward off a sense of impending pessimism, I'll start with the virtues. The menu is very unique and I respect that they hand-make virtually every item from scratch; a fact reflected in the final product. They have a pretty extensive wine list; you can get several good quality whites and red by the glass. Their cured meat appetizer is exceptional, definitely worth the price. I know quite a lot about italian food and cured meats, and I found items on this plate that I had not tried before - so well done. For an entr, I had the NY strip on a bed of arugula with pecorino shavings. It was excellent, cooked exactly to my specifications (medium rare). The only improvement I can think of would be to drizzle a little balsamico tradizionale over it, but honeslty, you can't expect them to do that. We had dessert down the street at the Sicilian Bakery. Perhaps the primary flaw of this restaurant is dish consistency. While some dish combinations are prepared well, others fall far short, and at a restaurant like this, with prices like those, every dish should be excellent. In addition to the cured meat appetizer, we ordered the sampler, which for the most part was too oily and just simply not very good. Olive oil is supposed to be DRIZZLED over food, not poured. My companion's entr looked very interesting on the menu, hollow pasta with a panchetta based tomato sauce. However, leaving the chunks of pig fat in the dish when serving is not a good choice. The left-in pieces of panchetta were difficult to eat and the inevitable biting down in to a chunk of fat detracted from the experience. I'm half Italian, and my Italian grandmother always takes the panchetta out before serving! The crowdedness of the dining area was an annoyance. We had to move tables because we were sat just to close to another table. We were moved eventually, but our new location, while better than the first, was still a little too close for comfort. We edned up having a dinner conversation with the people at the next table because it would have been too awkward to pretend we couldn't hear each other. This place is worth going to once if you've got some cash to blow and are looking for an eclectic Italian menu. However, this restaurant is far from a must patronize .
