I booked this hotel through Hotwire. This is my very first boutique hotel and quite honestly I don't know what to expect since I usually book hotels that are more well known or is part of a big hotel chain company.  Stayed only overnight but all I can say is.. WOWZERS. The James Hotel doesn't look that enticing from the outside; The hotel lobby isn't even that big or expensive looking..but don't let that fool you because what makes this hotel top notch is the quality of their service. Upon arriving at the hotel, we were instantly greeted by 2 staff. We came a bit early (about 9:20 am) hoping that we can leave some of our items since we had to go to Wrigley field to watch a game around 1pm. We didnt checked in yet but they accomodated our needs without any problems. While watching batting practice, I received a call ( around 11-12pm) from one of their staff letting us know that our room is ready. (Checked in time is at 2:00 pm) So nice of them to contact us even if its not necessary, very caring and professional indeed. We got a double bed room. Love the sleek-ness and simplicity of the room, very modern and clean looking. The bed is just heaven... one of the best hotel beds ever. LOVE the bathroom products.. Kiehls products? YES PLEASE! Very lavish! Love the grapefruit lotion.. I don't usually hoard hotel items but I am this time! We also got 2 bathrobes with slippers.. not every big time hotels offer this, not even 5 star hotels will have this ready for you unless you asked for it. That night, my sister and I wanted to go out to eat but the weather didnt want to cooperate with us anymore, so we have no choice but to stay at the hotel and just try room service. I've had several room service at 5 star hotels but I got to say, this is possibly the best one I've ever had no joke. The food is absolutely delicious! Food is served from David Burke's Primehouse. I got a Classic filet mignon with mushrooms and basil whipped potatos... sooo freakin good. I forgot what my sister got but all I can remember is that her asiago truffled fries is ridiculous! I never thought room service dining would be this good. I wished our food came with a rolling tray instead, but I can't complain much about it. After our dinner someone knocked on our door and saw it was one of the housekeeping ladies. She was probably there for a turn down service but nonetheless, she still gave us cookies! Yay! :D Another thing that I absolutely like about this hotel, and this may not be matter for most people, is that the check-out time is around 2 p.m. YES, same time as check in and out.. FINALLY a hotel that have you stay for a full 24 hours! I just don't like hotels tryna get rid of you by 12 noon.. seriously.. I'm not a morning person, so that was an issue for me lol. One downside to this hotel though and I hate to say it is that the view is just horrible. We have a view of a old building with a scary looking dark alley on street view, feel like zombies are going to come out at night or something. Other than that everything is faboulous! I would love to go back here again, very pleased that I got this hotel!
