What does a Do Not Disturb sign on a hotel room door mean to you? To me, it means one of two things: 1. Do not disturb. 2. I don't want my room serviced. Evidently, it does not mean those things to the housekeepers at Hotel Felix. We had several rather unpleasant altercations with the housekeepers at Hotel Felix during our recent trip to Chicago. On our first day, we put the Do Not Disturb sign on our door and they did not come in, only leaving a message on our machine that if we needed new towels just to let them know. On our second day, we kept the sign on our door. Even though it was there and still there when we returned later that afternoon, we found that our room had been serviced. The next morning, the sign was still on the door. Around 7am, my mom and I both awoke to someone trying to get into our room. We sat up and found that housekeeping wanted to service our room...AT SEVEN AM. WTF? You would think that they would catch our drift having that sign on there all the time - we don't want to be disturbed and we don't to have our room serviced. It's a "green" hotel right? Why do they want to get in our room so bad? Well, the next morning after that at NINE AM, I answered a knock at the door: Housekeeper: "I see this sign on your door. Do you want service?" Me: "No service. Also, do not disturb." Housekeeper: "I see the sign, are you sure you don't want service." Me: "I don't want service and I don't want to be disturbed. That is why I put the sign on the door." Housekeeper: "Are you sure?" Me: "Yes". Closes door. Finally, they left us alone for the last two days that we were there. It seems strange that I don't want housekeeping, but I don't want to waste resources and I don't like people I don't know touching my stuff. On the day that we were checking out, we were standing in front of the elevators on our floor about to go down to the main desk. A housekeeper stepped out of a room right next to us and asks if we were in room 1107. We responded yes and she rushed right down to our room right away. We hadn't even left for 2 minutes and she already wanted to get down there. Strange. We also witnessed one of the housekeepers vacuuming in the lobby area during the hotel's happy hour, with everyone standing around looking in shock. I dunno what was up, but they have some crazy housekeepers there. The rooms are small and the air conditioners turn on about every 10 minutes, making the rooms frigid. The gym is okay, but closes at 9pm, which is rather early. There are no glasses in the room, which is strange because there is an ice bucket. Isn't it a 4 star hotel? I would expect many more amenities that what we received. Also, they lost our reservations. So we arrived, tired and in a city we had never been to haggling with the concierge for 45 minutes before we finally got our room.
