Well well well pasta bowl, you used to be my go-to spot to fulfill my pasta fix, but thanks to a waitress named Maureen and a manager named Justin, I will never ever return! If I could give them 0 stars that would be 0 too many! To start, Maureen ran someone else's order on my card (her mistake entirely!), voided this transaction, and then proceeded to run the correct amount onto the same card. There wasn't enough money on this card, so the transaction did not go through. Maureen's response simply was "Do you have anyone to borrow the money from? I can't help you out sorry." Well Maureen, this situation was completely due to your incompetence, so why should I have to pay for your errors? Either way, I would have been happy to pay for the meal on a different card, but Maureen's less than pleasant attitude prompted me to speak to a manager. I waited to speak to the manger for about 5 minutes on the phone, and heard Maureen speaking to "the delivery guy" saying it wasn't her fault...yes Maureen, it was your fault! I was told I would be called back all 3 times I called within an hour (food definitely was cold by then) and finally on the fourth try I was put on the phone with a wonderful manager named Justin (please recognize the sarcasm at it's fullest!) Why Justin didn't call me back as Maureen had promised is beyond me! So Justin gets on the phone and immediately starts yelling, but then proceeds to tell me that I have an attitude...hmmm..Well Justin, if you didn't know, I am hungry, have been waiting for my food for an hour, and your unintelligent waitress Maureen managed to screw up my order and make me mad enough that I no longer want to give you my money, so excuse me for being less than pleasant. I did not, however, have a noticeable attitude when he got on the phone with me, so he was clearly biased by the time he got on the phone because of whatever Maureen had told him to save herself. Justin, being the great manger and nice guy he is, proceeded to tell me, "you don't have enough money on your account! YOU'RE NOT GETTING YOUR FOOD, BYE!" and hung up on me. Well Justin, I have worked in my fair share of restaurants and I am positive that that is NOT the way you speak to customers, especially when it was your waitress that made the mistake in the first place. To make a long story even longer, I tried to call back and work this whole thing out (I am a positive person so I will always try to make amends) and I was shouted at and hung up on 4 more times. Some of the times they did not even bother to answer the phone, and just picked up and hung up. One time I even heard Maureen say "Yup, it's the same voice" and hung up.  My boyfriend tried to call back to make the situation better, and possibly pay for the food, and was asked by Justin "How old are you!?" He was treated even worse than I was, considering the fact that he is the most calm person in the world and I could hear Justin yelling at him through the phone. Oh Pasta Bowl, how I loved you. How unfortunate that our relationship had to end so bitterly. You only have Maureen and Manager Justin Roof to blame.
