I figured I'd hold off on the big 200 until I've gone to somewhere exceptional. So for my gf's extended birthday celebration, we ended up going to Tru. Tru really impressed me through and through. The service at this place takes dining to a whole new level and their attention to every minute detail never ceases to astound me. It all starts before you even step through their doors - the valet has a list of all the guests for the night. You are immediately greeted with by the host and who takes your coat and then proceeds to whisk you away to your table. Typically, the staff pulls the chair out for the lady - I found it refreshing that they pulled the table out for my lovely date. We then were greeted by our servers who provided our menus for the evening along with a very extensive wine list. It was a nice touch to have a custom printed menu for the birthday girl atop her menu. It took a while for us to decide what to get since literally everything on the menu sounded delicious, but we never felt rushed and our server was very helpful in suggesting items to sample. We decided to skip the marathon dinners (Black Truffle or Chef's Collection) for a lighter fare so we ended up with the caviar staircase and prix fixe meals. For our amuse bouche, we got to sample some delicious melt in our mouth dumplings. The staircase featured four delicious and very fun to look at lumps of deliciousness. I started with their Hawaiian blue prawns accompanied by an aromatic curry sauce - to prepare me for that appetizer. My main course, butter poached Maine lobster, was cooked to absolute perfection and was greatly enhanced by its accompaniments. There was bisque to enhance to sweetness of the meat, a citrus and almond sauce to accentuate, and finally the most well prepared asparagus I've ever had. I capped the dinner off with a beautifully made vanilla parfait with blood orange marmalade and chocolate ganache - it was picture perfect. It was amazing to see completely synchronized service - the removal and placement of our meal was perfectly timed on both sides of the table. In addition to our fare, we were further stuffed with samplings in between each course not to mention post-dessert desserts with things such as lollipops, truffles, caramel corn, variety chocolates. My date enjoyed a beautiful birthday brownie with a birthday message written in icing on the platter. Before heading out, they handed us the custom printed menu signed by all the chefs that helped make the night so memorable - talk about thoughtful! Tru really demonstrated why they are one of the best in world class dining. From the impeccable service to the sample fare pre/during/post dinner, everything was perfectly executed. On the way out the door, they handed us our coats and a complimentary banana bread. All I could think of at that point was "Boy, we're stuffed!... Holy crap, post-dessert desserts and now banana bread? When are they going to stop feeding us?" Tru is a great place to celebrate with that someone special. Go there and you're bound to get an experience to remember.
