I have been a loyal supporter of this restaurant in the past, we had our wedding reception here in 2006 and have been here and brought friends here no less than 10 times since then and have typically had good experiences though at times the food has been hit or miss. This review is based on the Banquet facilities and our recent experience with them. Over the weekend, we held a luncheon of 25 people here on Saturday afternoon. The rest of the restaurant was dead with a capital "D" so you would think that they would be happy to have such a large party. While I waited for the rest of my group, I observed the Manager, Gwen, turn away a couple and 2 kids who had a coupon of some sort because it could not be used on the holiday (Christmas Eve), she did not offer them a smile, an I'm sorry or any other pleasantry that you would expect from a manager. She could have gotten them to stay by offering them something for their trouble but chose not to make a good impression. When we booked our reception 5 years ago she was friendly and accomadating but in recent trips to the restaurant she has not been friendly at all but I accounted that to her being busy. Even when we booked the recent party she was very short with us and gave no smile or hint of friendliness in her voice. As we assemebled our group together and the food was served, we did family style, the food was fine up until the pasta course. We requested meat sauce on our pasta, now I am no Italian expert but when you order meat sauce you assume that there will actually be meat in it! This sauce tasted like tomato soup with parmesan cheese mixed in, there was no meat in the sauce neither by taste or visually. I asked the waitress if there had been a mistake cause we ordered meat sauce, she said oh that is the meat sauce, I told her there is no meat in this sauce, it may be called meat sauce but it definitely is not meat sauce. She went and got the manager, Gwen, who then came and stood behind me (odd) and told me the same thing, but added that the meat was finely ground up. I told her that no one could taste nor see any meat in the sauce. She then without another word walked away. (Ok, you are the manager and that is the way you treat your customers??!) Then she came back with a bowl of marinara sauce and showed me the difference (which the waitress had also done), I told her I can see there is a difference between these 2 sauces but there is still no meat in this sauce. Now if you claim there is meat in a sauce wouldn't it be easy to point it out and end the issue? But she couldnt because there was NO MEAT IN THAT SAUCE, I have had their meat sauce in the past and definitely know the difference. I understand that the economy is bad and restaurants are cutting back but that was just plain ridiculous and the rude manner that the manager handled it made it even worse. The rest of our meal was ok but definitely not the quality that you would expect from them considering the dinners that you get in the normal restaurant are typically good quality. All in all, it was an ok experience but because of the manager's rude behavior we will not book a party there again. The waitress on the other hand was very attentive and tried to smooth things over, something her boss apparantly was not interested in doing.
