One of Chicago's Great Wonders. (a wonder because I ask who the heck would wait in line for an hour for a bloody hot dog???!!!) Finally got round to Hot Dougs to see what the hype is all about. I took the day off for my birthday and a friend was visiting from out of town and she wants to see this place for herself. The boyfriend is a cult worshipper who visits Hot Dougs at least twice a week and he's in love with Doug and the staff all know his name. He talks about Hot Dougs all the time and frankly I'm a little jealous. Why can't he be like a normal guy and be slobbering over Angelina Jolie instead. I'm taking one star off because I'm a jealous lover. Anyway, he was so ecstatic to take us to see his leader. So I don't eat pork or its by-products and though I do love hot dogs, I was not too enthusiastic about Hot Dougs to begin with because I know that most encased meats are encased in swine material. So I can't review the fancy schmancy dogs, and maybe it makes little sense that a non-pork-eating creature visits a hot dogs joint, I was assured that this place is the bomb-diggity and I said I'll give it a chance. At least I'll get a chicago style dog or chicken or vegetarian. The line: Monday afternoon, around 1pm, the line was about 45 minutes long. The bf says as a regular customer he would not wait that long, but he does not have a Monday to Friday 8-5 work schedule so he can visit his favorite sausage shrine conveniently anytime. The owner/staff: somewhat friendly, mostly catching up with the boyfriend as they have so much to talk about. The boyfriend explained that my friend and I are not pork eaters and Doug proceeded to point us the safe ones are the Chicago Dog, the Kiera (spicy) and Chicken? I think there was another one but I forgot. The Hot Dog: I had the slightly spicy Kiera Knightley, it was grilled to perfection, topped with caramelized onions, tomatoes, relish and a pickle. It was delicious. I'd say that the spiciness can be similarly achieved if I added mayo spiked with some sri racha sauce on a regular hot dog? Other than that, nothing to write home about. Pretty good and pretty cheap for pretty good. At $2.50 its better than a $4 Wiener Circle dog, but a Chicago style hot dog from Portillos is also pretty damn good and I much prefer the fries at Portillos than Hot Dougs. The Celebrity Hot Dog of the day was this spinach feta lamb and pork sausage with kalamata olives. I love greek food and would have wanted to try that had it not for my dietary restriction. But then again, I can just order from a greek restaurant, though it would not be stuffed in a sausage sock and cost $7.50. The Fries: I have to knock off another star for the fries. It was brown and chewy, like they were fried in old oil, and it got cold, and refried. Some were crispy, maybe they were all mixed together. They just don't look very appetizing, and so brown it has spleen cancer written all over it. I've had better. These were regular non duck fat fries. The boyfriend and several others have reported that the duck fat fries vary only very minutely compared to the regular ones. The Cons: At the description of Hot Dougs even before encountering it, I feel like I'm about to get ripped off. The hype and popularity seems like it is further induced by a bottleneck of a line. Everybody knows the con that they do at swanky lounges and clubs downtown where the bouncer holds up a line full of people to give the illusion that its jammed pack inside and everybody wants to get in, you get inside and its MEH. This is a similar business/marketing model, but one star is awarded for actually having a good product to sell. One star for the owner taking down every order and being really adorable but otherwise he's probably laughing gleefully inside at his cleverness. The hours and the time and the drama to getting there are really deterrent factors. The bottomline: Was it worth it? - to please/appease the boyfriend, yes - to bring visitors from out of town to see one of the wonders of Chicago, yes - to be hip and say "I've been to hot dougs, you should too!", yes/maybe - to kill time waiting in line if you're not hungry, yes - to a sausage lover or to eat fancy hot dogs, yes - to eat a hot dog, regular/chicago style, no - kosher and non-pork eaters, no - worth taking the day off for a hot dog? no - waiting in line 45 minutes for a hot dog? definitely not
