Amazing! I am in Chicago for my first time and have been trying restaurants based on location yelp searches and walking around until I find a place that seems good. Well on a warm Monday night, the two collectively led me to the Purple Pig. I was most definitely not let down. I could hear the buzz from the street and saw groups of people walking onto this terrace with a front gate. I knew that this seemed like a place I needed to check out. 5 minutes earlier in my location search on yelp from the nearest free wifi, this restaurant came up first. So I walk up and at 6:30 there was an hour wait for a table and 35 minutes for a seat at a community table. I was almost ready to turn away when the hostess mentioned that the bar was first come, first serve and that lurking around wasn't frowned upon. So that's what I did. It took me a little while to figure out how to get the attention of a bartender so at least I could have a drink while waiting. The moment my glass of wine (an amazing Sicilian red) got into my hand, I saw a women get up and leave. PERFECT TIMING! I sat down and got myself a menu. What a maginificently appetizing menu. I couldn't believe the variety of things a mediteranian BBQ could offer. The antipasti all sounded amazing and were appropriately priced. The salads all sound fantastic (a rabbit salad with mixed greens in a black truffle dressing with shredded egg and roasted capers, for example. The fried options! It took me 15 minutes staring at the menu before I had to ask for some help. The bartender/server was great. She went through all the favorites with me and even explained the ones that would or wouldn't have dairy. I would never have known that most of the meats were marinated in buttermilk. I settled on a blade steak, with a spreadable sausage and an arugula salad. The steak was seared in honey, perfectly cooked and tasted phenomenal. The only thing that made it better was spreading the sausage (I can't remember what she said it was) on top. The flavours were perfectly savory with a hint of sweet. Even the basic arugula salad blew my mind. Not to mention that even with how busy this place was, my food arrived in shockingly good time. Everything about this place was perfect. On my next trip to Chicago, I will most definitely be visiting again. I will also tell anyone I know that is visiting this great city to enjoy some of their amazing food and friendly, fast service.
