Probably my favorite restaurant in Chicago right now. There's really two sides to the coin here. The bottom level is the standard dining experience and the upstairs is mostly an awesome lounge with a bar area and cozy couch area. I much prefer the upstairs only because it's very relaxing, no stress at all, and the ambience is awesome at night. I really love their music selection too. I've found myself whipping out my phone a lot of times to ID songs being played. Anyway, the food, in my opinion, is very good. I'd probably give it a 4.5 out of 5 usually. I have really never had anything bad from this place. I have had outstanding things and I have had good things, but never anything less than "good." My favorites: The Pho is great (Yeah, it's not the HUGE bowl you'll get at a regular place, but it's sufficient in my opinion), sea bass entree (Ca Hap), and Cha Gio appetizers which are spring rolls with pork and shrimp and you wrap them yourself with lettuce, fresh mint, cilantro, and dip them in this chili lime sauce. VERY GOOD. I know a lot of people complain about the portion sizes and the prices, but in my opinion it's pretty much spot on. If you don't like spending more than $15 to $17 for an entree, then don't come here. Average price of an entree is probably $17 to $30 with the average being somewhere around $23 I'm guessing. You aren't going to get a TON of food because this is more of a fine dining place, but you will get a medium sized portion. I have a VERY big appetite (I mean *BIG*), but I have left this place completely full before after a 3 course meal. I would rather much enjoy my food though instead of pour it down my throat. When I want to enjoy my food and surroundings, I come here. Also, if you are on a date, I would recommend stopping in here and going upstairs to the couch area if you want to share some drinks and/or appetizers. What beats cozy couches with candlelight, good food/drinks, and good music? Not a lot. Overall, I pretty much love this place and I don't know whether it's good or bad I live only a block away.
