Came in here with a couple of friends the other night prior to seeing a play at Sideshow Theatre. Am not familiar with the Irving Park/ Avondale area, so thanks Yelpers for pointing me in the right direction! Little Bucharest is a cute ethnic spot with tons of character amidst the industrial strips that line Elston. It was an early Friday evening, and there were only 3 tables besides ours. However, the band and singer were performing their hearts out and talking to the audience as if they were playing for a full house. It was kind of funny that their musical styling was very Spanish/flamenco. Close your eyes and you'd expect to be in a cute tapas spot. Open them up, and you'll find an Eastern European wedding reception hall. Great wine list - Romanian varietals and the typical world options. Was looking forward to some nice Eastern European beer on tap, but the only had it in bottles. The average entree is around $17, so you should not pass up the $25 deal for a 3-course dinner on Friday nights! I normally enjoy weird animal parts, but wasn't too impressed with the tripe soup. The Greek salad had lovely, large olives, tomatoes, and cucumbers. The beet and artichoke salad was wonderful, as well. The chicken stuffed with sausage is supposedly award-winning but the meat-stuffed-meat was fairly bland and the polenta was a bit disappointing. The pork rib ghoulash also won awards and really was amazing. It was a gigantic portion of pull-apart pork, so I shared it with my friends who weren't as happy with their meal. We were running late for the show, rushed through dessert, but were happy with the chocolate ganache and apple strudel. The owner is hilarious and super friendly. He came by our dinner table several times to check on us. As we were leaving, my friend and I noticed that he was wrapping a long, clear plastic tube around our other friend. Turns out he was giving her a shot through the tube. It seems that most ethnic liquors - Arak (Israel), Sambuca or Ouzo (Greece), Absinthe, etc. - taste like licorice. The Romanian liqueur (tuica?) smelled super strong but was surprisingly drinkable - very fragrant and even smoother than Patron in going down. "It's little, but it gets the job done," said the owner. After seeing him wrap the tube around my two friends, I was hoping to slink out of the restaurant gracefully. Before I knew it, the tube was around me and the owner said, "are you going to take it or should I put it in your mouth?" Little Bucharest also has complimentary limo service if you want to keep the party going past other establishments' closing times.
