I really, really love food and truly appreciate the art of creating a wonderful meal and am more than happy to pay for the experience, so I was very much looking forward to a memorable dining experience at Tru. The host and wait staff were awesome and definitely elevated the overall experience which results in a higher rating. Unfortunately the food part was a bit disappointing. Wine sommelier = 5 stars; she was awesome-listened to our preferences and made the right on recommendation. Caviar=2 stars; California caviar didn't possess nearly the expected quality. 3/4 of it tasted "off" (overly fishy). I know this is vague, but while I've had very, very good caviar, I'm definitely not a caviar pro so this is the best descriptor I can come up with. I opted to not say anything because I figured the kitchen/chef should have previously ensured its quality before sending it out to our table so I was erring on the side of my possibly being mistaken by its poor quality. Duck Consomme-2 stars; wow, so looking forward to confit+foie gras ravioli+fragrant julienne...really reminded me of an okay beef based broth and not much more.  Grilled Rabbit Loin-2 stars; flavors on the plate were all over the place. No focus whatsoever and there wasn't a flavor progression either. The plate looked pretty but chaotic and the flavors were rather bland. (Friend had the heirloom beet salad and loup de mer - liked both but nothing memorable.) I've had "top 5" dining experiences in my life and was certain this would be one of them - boy, was I wrong! One of my "top 5" experiences was at a Chicago restaurant - Charlie Trotters about 11 years ago. Perhaps the new generation of Chicago chefs could learn a thing or two from an "old" Master??? (Sorry to see Trotters go) As I mentioned, I'm more than happy to pay for an elevated dining experience, but unfortunately our Tru experience definitely didn't live up to my expectations or the prices and seems to be a bit overly-hyped. (BTW, the fruit roll-up like extras on the clothes line gimmick at the end of the meal are rather forgettable.)
