Awesome place! For starters, the decor is beautiful. Lots of wood, and a fireplace by the bar. I've never been to a place like this before. You get started with the harvest table where they have a variety of fruits, vegetables, salads, soups, meats, cheeses and breads. The setup is very nice. Tip: don't take too much! You will regret it! I was warned, but I didn't listen! Take a little of everything. You get a rock, which you place on the edge of your table when you want some meats to come your way. Chefs will walk around with meat for you to try, 12 in all. They are served medium-rare unless you request them cooked more "well." My favorites were the Moroccan chicken (Could eat that all night), orange-tempura mahi mahi and the buttermilk steak. There is also salmon, lamb chops, sausages and venison. It's pegged as a steakhouse, and yes, there is a ton of meats, but I don't think vegetarians/vegans would have much trouble here. I'm not a big meat-eater myself. I have it maybe once a month, if that. The harvest table has a lot of non-meat options. I love vegetables and fruit, so I could have been satisfied with the table. If you like, Zed451 gives you the option of just dining at the harvest table. There are also a few delicious sides; we got the gouda mashed potatoes. So good. Also, we got a complimentary bread basket of hot pita bread. For drinks, I had a glass of white whine and a glass of sangria. The sangria tasted like watery juice. For desert, my date and I tried to split the s'mores pie. What I DID manage to get down was delicious. This is HUGE. They say it can feed 2, but I think 3 or even 4 would be more appropriate. You get two scoops of marizan, 2 coconut macaroons, a scoop of vanilla ice cream, a scoop of chocolate, the actual pie made of (duh) graham cracker crust, chocolate and marshmallow. It's finished off with a garnising of 2 toasted square marshmallows. Yum. Also tempting: the butterscotch bread pudding. Totally almost got that. I ate so much, I was actually uncomfortable. My date and I went out to a club and it was hard to simply drink. It's been 2 days. I'm still kinda full. Service is also impeccable. They are very attentive and friendly. Very non-pretentious. And, when you're done, they had a shuttle waiting for us! We rolled up to the club in a big Zed451 bus. This actually may be my new favorite restaurant.
