i wish there were separate ratings for food and service. the food was great. the service...well, the service left an amazing amount to be desired. i suppose to should say that it was the ending service, the girl in the blackhawks jacket, that came from behind the bar and in one fail swoop ended an affiliation i will ever have with the restaurant. my best friend hosted a birthday party for her daughter and at the end, we all felt that we were really being rushed out of the party room. my boyfriend went to use the restroom and came back to find his beer gone. now that ordinarily is just cause for annoyance... however, we had been making trips up and down the back steps to load gifts and decor into the car. please note that we had done this same thing bringing the decor in and the only people who doing this were the friends of the parents who were trying hustle getting things out since, as i mentioned before, we were already being rushed. upon our, literally, last trips (there were 4 of us) down the steps to take the final things down. we were told we could not use the steps. it was a little confusing, as we had been using them for a half hour and had used them to bring everything in. but as we were walking the final things down, the dark haired girl in the blackhawks jacket sang down the steps "well, just wait until you try to come back in and youre locked out" meanwhile, my boyfriend was sitting upstairs and overheard her telling another server triumphantly, "well, just wait until they try to get back in, i've locked the doors and they are just going to have to deal with it." i'm not certain what rules we were breaking, as we had been using the doors several times. i'm also not certain why it mattered, it's a straight shot down and saved us from walking repeatedly through the entire busy restaurant with armloads of gifts and decor. however, what really was perplexing was the attitude of this dark haired bartender in the blackhawks jacket. it was as though she was happy to have caused us additional problems. as though someone who had just paid the bill for pizza and beers for a party of roughly 50 would not merit some polite consideration. at the time, we were so busy getting the cars and the kids loaded that no one had time to deal with the rudeness of the girl in the blackhawk jackets, but it was decided that we would never return there. If we were in the wrong, then we would apologize, however, to be treated so incredibly rudely for merely trying to do accommodate the feeling of being pushed out of the room quickly is insanely poor customer service and to be "proud" of causing your clients extra problems is indicative of someone who should NOT work in the service industry.
