My boyfriend and I went here after skating at Millennium Park. After reading some of the rave reviews here on yelp, I was excited to finally give Mercat a try. The space was impressive but as soon as we got seated disappointment sank in. The tables were so cramped together that we were literally an inch from the next table with no space to move around and felt no privacy at all for we can obviously hear the conversations on the left and right tables. Despite that, I was still rooting for a great meal that was going to win me over easily. We ordered a variety of meats, vegetable and rice tapas. The prices for these were on the high side but we were willing to splurge hoping it was going to be worth it and unfortunately it was not. Out of the 7 plates we ordered, all but two met my expectations. The seafood croquettes and verdona salad was exceptional, the rest was abysmal. The skirt steak was served rare--almost raw. We expected our waiter to give us the option of how we wanted our meats but didn't care to ask. The arroz congraje was way too salty and I am a person that normally overseasons my meals but this just tasted like I was shoving salt in my mouth. The quail with foie de gras looked better than it actually tasted. The patatas bravas was just smokey and bland. The specialty drinks was extra sweet that by the time we were to the last few sips it was all sugar. The dessert was even more disappointing. I love desserts and practically eat anything with chocolate but the fried chocolates was just too much for me.. It was way to sweet, it tasted like fried sugar. We also tried the Helados (sorbet) and this was okay but not great. I probably would have gotten better quality sorbet from the gelataria at the corner of my place. Anyway, you got the point the food just did not cut it. The service was also pretty bad. We went on a Sat. night and there were only two waiters that were taking orders for all the tables, granted there were a ton of people walking around bringing the plates to the tables but they all had a set task. After the waiter took our order, we did not see him until almost 2 hours later. We wanted to add an additional plate but by the time he came around we just gave up. At one point, our table was full of empty plates that the people that were bringing the plates didnt care to take them (presuming I guess this wasn't their job) and just kept on moving them on the table so they can make room for the new plate. At the end of the night, we ended up with an exorbitant bill and a stomach ache. Although, the actual experience at the restaurant was not the worst part. Let's just say Mercat also stays with you the next day. Well, depending on how you see it. Let's just say you'll be needing some Imodium the day after. Overall, this place is pretentious, way too overpriced, overseasoned food and drinks and horrible service. With that said, we are never going back. Next time I am in the mood for Tapas I'll just stick to Cafe Iberico--unpretentious and does not disappoint.
