4 Stars for this bad boy. I did happen to come in on the Family Style Monday - and I must tell you the options that you have to choose from are great. With just two people, there is so much food there is no way that you can leave this place not stuffed to the brim. I decided to check this place out on a whim with a friend of mine because we were both wanting to try something new. She wanted Italian, and I wanted to try Sapori, so it was a win-win.  The appetizers of choice (You get two with this deal):  Crostini Di Avocado - Basically it is like Bruschetta with Avocado. How can you go wrong? It was a flavor orgy in my mouth! Calamari Fritti - Fried Calamari. 'Nuff said. Soup and Salad (another 2): Caprese - Deliciously fresh mozzarella and tomatoes all covered in a flavorful Olive Oil. Seriously.. this probably was so good because the ingredients were so fresh. Zuppa di Zucca - Creamy and Butternutty. Flavored to perfection and served at the perfect temperature. Cappellacci all'Aragosta - So, you take some pasta and stuff with with Lobster and a few other seafoods and drench it in a tomato based cream sauce and all is right with the world. Salmone alle Erbe Aromatica - The fish was fresh. VERY fresh and did not have the overwhelming fish taste. It had the very subtle taste that you would expect from a well prepared fillet of salmon. If you are a seafood lover - this dish is worth it. There was a third dish - a chicken breast dish, but for the life of me I can't remember what it was. But it was great. And for dessert, we had Tiramisu. PROBABLY one of the best Tiramisu's I have ever had.  This place has it all. It is small, quaint and feels very "homely". The servers are not on top of you - they sit back and let you enjoy your meal but are very attentive to your drinks and water - only interrupting to bring you your next coarse. This works well because they are also very close at hand, so if they are needed they are but a few steps away. Try it out. It is totally worth it!
