It might be the celebrity chef's name that brought me here (plus, word on the street was President Obama came here to celebrate his birthday), but it's also the reason my experience here last night was even more disappointing then it might have been otherwise. The look and feel here is certainly appealing - dimly lit and spacious, it's a great spot for a quiet, intimate dinner. The service was also out of this world - our waiter was energetic and very knowledgable - definitely one of the highlights of the evening. The trouble came when my parents and I started our search for a bottle of wine to share. Now, regardless of what your annual income is, I'm pretty sure most everyone can agree that a bottle of wine doesn't have to cost $100+ to be good. I sense Graham Elliot never got that memo. Not only was 98 percent of the wine on their list in the triple digit price range, but their cheapest wine was $62 (and it was a white wine). I'm sorry, but ridiculously expensive wine does not a good restaurant make. I'm pretty sure it just makes said restaurant look pretentious and obnoxious. What would it hurt to offer wine in a range of price points - catering to more than just 2 percent of the population who don't bat an eye at spending hundreds of dollars on a few drinks? Needless to say, we did not order a bottle of wine. My dad and I went with beers (which were pretty decent), and my mom opted for a glass of wine (at $15 a pop, still ridiculous). As for the food, the duck roulade was forgettably bland but the foie gras lollipops were interesting (I mean, they were sprinkled in POPROCKS! How fantastical is that)? So the foie gras part may not have been quite so awesome (and the salt was WAY too heavy), but it certainly wasn't bad. I tried the white fish as my entree, and while it did melt in my mouth, the combination of eggplant and couscous created just an okay meal. The butternut bisque was the best part of my night - creamy deliciousness with a hint of marshmellow stirred in. I could have doubled that serving and opted out of the rest of the dining experience. Finally, my parents ordered the beef, and requested it be cooked "medium plus." Yet, the cook apparently preferred to make it medium rare, so that's how it came out. My question is, who was paying for the meal here? And who were they trying to please? Clearly not the customer, who will likely never return.
