Being a huge pork fan, even though I am Jewish, I come here every time I am in Chicago. The huge paintings of pigs adorning the walls should give you some indication of what's to come. Since the menu changes acording to the season, it is hard to recommend specific dishes since chances are that you won't find them again. They have a comprehensive list of artisan beers to choose from and all of their meat products are sourced close to Chicago. If communal tables are not your thing, you can always sit in one of the cozy booths off to the side. Servers are very knowledgeable of the food and drinks so you are in good hands with their recommendations if you are going for the first time or you dont know some of the menu items. They are not shy about serving offal which, to me, is the sign of a confident, well run kitchen.  This time our group had: Pork rinds (a constant on the menu, fried in butter, and will rock your world and have little to nothing in common with their convenient store relatives. Dont question...just get these) Smoked Sablefish with an apple salad that provided a nice bright counterpoint to the fatty fish. Potted pork rilette with thick cut bread with a sweet jam on top Suckling pig over polenta with oranges. A Roasted chicken (another constant and a phenomenal dish...always the sign of a good kitchen if you can make a roast chicken taste awesome) Porchetta-This 24oz behemoth seasoned Italian pork roll included the pork belly and the loin filled with chunks of vegetables. Enough food for 3-4 people A great, shaved brussel sprout salad served with ricotta cheese cheese on the bottom Roasted Sunchokes. Lemon sorbet with lavender cream. Chess pie with coffee ice cream As always, this place lives up to expectations and is a pork lovers paradise.  That said, they seem to be placing a lot more emphasis on their seafood as well. Seafood covered the whole left side of the menu tonight. While I am always up for a good piece of fish, when it comes to Publican, pork is king. Just look at the walls!
