Schwa is a roller coaster of food. There are ups and there are downs, there are even twists and loops, it goes by too fast, and when it's over you are left a little dazed, with part of you screaming "woohoo, I want to go again!" and part of you just wanting to go spend some time in kiddie-land, waiting for your heart rate to return to normal. After taking a few days to process things, I think that while there were some things that I really liked, 9 course tasting menus may not be for me (I'm a little weird about textures and I hate all fruit and only like certain veggies, and the cost pretty much prohibits me from doing it again for a few months anyway). But I would come back for the 3 course where I have a little more control over what I'm served but I can still get a feel for what the chef can do.  The place is small and very intimate. You feel like you are dining in your friend's house. When we were there, there were only 4 other tables sat. The chefs cook and serve so I can see why they don't fill the place...and why it's so hard to get a reservation. We brought 6 bottles of wine for 4 people and it worked out to be the perfect amount. Depsite my pickiness, I was determined to be adventurous. I settled in and prepared the the ride. We started with grapefruit ice amuse. Eh. I'm not a fan of grapefruit so I did my best to just swallow it down and move on. The Hendrick's gin salad with cucumber gelee and gin/rosewater granita taught me a very important culinary lesson- I detest gelee. The menu listed beer cheese soup online, which I was super jazzed about, but when we arrived the menu listed french onion (which I hate). As it turned out, it was a corn soup that was phenomenal. I can't remember exactly what was in it, but damn, it was creamy corny goodness. The jellyfish pad thai was okay. The jellyfish subbed for noodles. Once you got over the novelty, it was just a good pad thai. Then they brought us something not on the menu - ravioli stuffed with quail egg with shaved white truffle on top. Holy hell. I did NOT want to swallow, I wanted that taste to last forever. Why couldn't I have 15 of those? Next it was on to the whitefish roe with black garlic and bacon puree and poached asparagus with shaved asparagus made into noodles on the side. I didn't even eat much of the roe, the real star here was the bacon puree. Yum. Then came the smoked cobia in red pepper couscous with watermelon juice. Tasty. I had been very nervous about the morels and lamb brains. I did not want to eat brains! Another important lesson for me - I love brains! The brains had a thin crispy coating and were moist and soft inside, kind of the consistency of mashed potato fritters. The following rabbit dish was pretty unmemorable for me. The demi glace it was served with was really good, but the rabbit itself was a bit gamey. I totally forgot about the green curry and rootbeer cone until I read about it in someone else's review, so that sums about how I felt about that. Next was the cheese course - what a dissapointment. I. LOVE. CHEESE. This was not cheese. Okay, what do I know, I'm sure it was cheese but it wasn't good. It was like a custard consistency on the bottom topped with a caramely gelee. Ugh. Then came dessert. To me, dessert = chocolate. Candied sweetbreads, which were suprisingly pretty good, are not my idea of a good sweet finale to a meal. I was left feeling incomplete. And after 9+ courses and $280 for two people, I shouldn't feel that way. I really appreciate what they are doing at Schwa. The intimate experience, the great, unpretentious service from chefs (my one complaint on the service was I felt a bit rushed, we were in and out in 90 minutes) who clearly love what they are doing and are passionate about providing a unique foodie experience and pushing the envelope of traditional food combinations and preparations. But, when it comes down to it, I'm a simple girl. Give me juicy medium rare steak topped with blue cheese, some fresh crusty bread dipped in olive oil, and a hunk of chocolate for dessert and I'm happy. I'd rather have a meal of simple food that I love, than have something "interesting" that is just okay (or in some cases, not okay).
