I'm happy to say that my experiences with Big Jones continue to be great. The kitchen staff are an obviously talented bunch under the direction of Chef Paul, but I really want to give it up for the great front-of-house crew. I'm always a little in love with whomever is taking care of me here, but even the servers attending to other stations are liberal with eye contact and quick smiles. This is a truly inviting place. I'll preface my gushing with a note that all my visits have been for brunch. That being said, let's give a Big Hand for the lovely Terri Mueller. I hadn't got her name in my earlier review but have since learnt it. Terri couldn't be any sweeter than if you dusted her with some of that powdered sugar from the calas they served for Mardi Gras. Just a wonderful, gracious presence and a true pleasure all around. Mark, if you're reading this, know that Terri is a huge asset to your fine establishment. On a recent outing, Mark, one of the partners, was in the dining room and introduced himself to guests as they set to leave. Another nice touch. A little courtesy and grace go a long way in my book. To the moon, in fact. Hang on, I'm not done. A friend and I had got a late start to the day (I'd got a late start, to be exact) and it was about 3 pm when we got to Big Jones. They'd offcially switched to dinner service but Terri recognised me as the absolute buffoon for brunch and offered to put in a brunch order if we preferred. We preferred. I had the Omelet LaFourche, which was a fluffy pillow of eggs cradling mildly spicy Andouille sausage and crawfish, drizzled over with a good, tangy bearnaise sauce. I chose to have my eggs with grits, which were creamy and tasty. My friend ordered the corn cakes. This comprised a stack of perfectly griddled discs of corn-studded pancakes, topped with a tomatillo sauce, avocados, sour cream and two eggs (your way). The mound of red beans concealed beneath would have been perfectly delicious on their own. Overkill in this case? Mais non! I know all this because I walloped half the dish -- always an awesome bonus to dining with a girl (aside from the genteel company). I could go on. But you don't really need me to, do you?
