I got to go to a practice dinner last week and to the opening event. I will start first with the build out. As someone who owns a restaurant, I can tell you some of the most amazing things about the build out are things that only operators would even see. Every aspect of this restaurant was built to not only be aesthetically pleasing but also to lead to better customer service. The decor is rich but not in the traditional manner that you would think of rich....I normally would think of the RL buildout as rich but this modern rich....Walnut Bars but with unique shapes and designs and accents. They have put in three of the coolest fireplaces plus they have an open flame in the middle of the main dining room. The floor is one of the coolest wood floors I have ever seen. ( I want it in my home)  The most amazing part is the Rooftop deck above the lounge. There will be no better place to spend a nice summer night in Chicago this summer...(we'll have to see what Trump does in '09 but the bar has been set) This place blows away the Nomi and Conrad offerings.. There is even an area with a grass seating area....and one of those cool fireplaces is on the roof. To the food: I was able to try the food in that will be available in the lounge and the dining room. The food in the dining room is in two parts. The first part they call their Harvest Table. To equate this to a salad bar does it no justice. I am the high cholestoral meat eater but I could have an entire meal of just the harvest table. Things like vanilla infused green beans, grilled pineapples, sweet potatoes, an antipasto section, gourmet soups, potato salads....almost everything is paired with a special dressing/sauce that are things most people have never heard of....and they match the item perfectly. The second part for lack of better term I am going to call Chef service. It will remind you of the brazilian style service but the people serving you the food are the chefs that actually cooked the food. Favorites: the goat cheese encrusted rack of lamb, Bottom sirloin with an amazing marinaide, and the pork......for the non-meat eaters i also had mahi mahi and salmon. The Bar food was at the level of avec.....the garlic mussels were amazing...fondue was sooo good and fun!! They call the drinks the Liquid Market. I tried most of them. Big fan of the Ginger Bourbon lemonade and the Blackberry Mojito.
