I actually like this place a lot. I went to the location on the south loop. We were referred here by our doorman at Swissotel on Wacker.  I'm a HUGE breakfast fan and this is a breakfast joint so they get my most critical eye. This place was great. The atmosphere was open and modern. The kitchen was partially open so that you could see who was cooking your food. They also had a lunch counter to sit and eat if you didn't want to wait for a table. We ended up getting a booth.  It was crowded but we were seated almost right away (3 minute wait), and our waitress was busy but very attentive. The clientele was the minivan driving set and also some who had obviously hit the club scene the night before and crawled out from under a beer box in search of hangover abating sustenance.  The menu was full of fresh fruit and tons of choices. I ordered my standard pancakes, eggs scrambled with cheese and wheat toast. My order came with fresh fruit, which is usually a huge side order charge at most places. I ordered the strawberry orange juice which was super tasty and also some coffee, which they kept filled. They had flavored creamers at every table in addition to non-dairy creamer. They also had truvia and sugar in the raw which is a must. The pancakes are huge, taking up almost the entire plate. Unfortunately I found the pancake batter to be a little too sweet for me. IHOP is still hands down my favorite pancake joint. The syrup was very good and served in little ceramic creamer pitchers. The portions were huge and I didn't come anywhere close to eating my entire meal. My dining partner was not as happy. He loved the pancakes but had ordered 'The Works" omelette but found that there wasn't much meat in it. He picked his omelette apart and ate only pieces of it. The prices were a bit high for breakfast but probably typical for Chicago at around 10 per entree. Food came out fast in probably about ten minutes. They also serve Crepes, Frittatas, Oatmeal, 5 different types of Eggs Benedict, Salads, Wraps and Burgers. If they had this chain in the Detroit area I'd eat breakfast there every weekend. If I could, I would rate 4.5/5 stars because if the pancakes had been like IHOPs it'd be a 5!
