"Our sous chef is a finalist in the American Idol karaoke contest tonight," our maitre'd announced. "It's at the bar down the street. We're all excited around here!" A karaoke lover myself, I was cheering for the guy. But I did wonder who was preparing our dinner. I needn't have worried: the food was almost flawless.  Luckily, I had adventurous dinner companions who were willing to eat in the traditional way: collectively, from the same plate, using the sponge-like injera "pancake" bread to pick up mouthfuls of various stews. I loved that Demera offers a per-person rate of around $13. We had lentil, seafood, chicken, and lamb stews, all delicately imbued with delicious spices and flavors. All were heavenly. (I'm not even going to pretend I know what they were called.) A definite standout was a (very seasonal) pureed beet dish with a side of goat cheese. I couldn't get enough of the stuff.  There was one awkward moment: how do a group of diners split a lone boiled egg and single leg of chicken? (In our particular group, you let one person take them and then you make fun of them mercilessly.) We didn't try the appetizers, wine, or desserts, so I can't say much about them, except to say that they seemed fairly resist-able. The website's domain expired a week ago, so it was not possible to review the menu. Any flaws? Well, I am an aficionado of the impeccable Ethiopian Diamond, so the bar is pretty high. Although we had our reservation weeks in advance, our table was not ready upon our arrival. The maitre'd hastily and apologetically grabbed chairs and settings in an ad hoc manner. This on a sleepy Sunday evening, with a respectable but sparsely populated dining room. The water glasses were deemed too dirty by the server, who quickly provided replacements. Thanks, but...eeeeww. There were none of those heated hand towels, so we all shuffled to the restroom for extra hand washing. This is a pretty crucial detail for a cuisine that involves no utensils. The service was a bit spotty.
