Beautiful place. Mediocre food. Lousy service. We arrived 15 min early for our 8pm reservation. The place was packed, so we went to the bar for a drink. I clearly ordered a margarita because the bartender asked if I wanted salt. He placed a martini in front of me and when I said I ordered a margarita he looked at me like I was nuts (hello, you asked if I wanted salt). Ok, no biggie. As we now approached 8:25, I went to the hostess stand to check on our 8pm reservation I was told I would have to speak to the manager. Really? All I asked was how we were looking for time and the hostess couldn't answer that? (STRIKE 1-If you are running late, let people know. When they call you on it, an apology would be nice). By chance a table for 2 miraculously opened up. We walked 10 feet to first table next to the dining room entrance. Literally. When I explained to the hostess that we were celebrating our 5 year anniversary and a nicer table would be much appreciated she rolled her eyes and said I needed to speak to the manager. When I went back to the hostess stand to speak to the manager, I asked if they saw the notation that this was a special event for us. He said yes the note was there (apparently this is the 5 year anniversary table). Exasperated, he found us a table in the side room, much quieter but less beauty of the main dining room. Strike 2 Our waiter was pleasant and immediately took our drink and appetizer order. The he disappeared. We ordered the 3 selection ceviche and the fish tacos. We added some guac too as I was starving at this point. The ceviche came (small serving, good-not great), the guac came (good, but small, great chips though), the tacos never appeared. When I asked our waiter, he claimed we never ordered them. Apparently he is the bartender's relation. Waiters-If you or the kitchen makes a mistake, just apologize and ask the customer if they still would like that. Don't debate them on if they ordered it, especially if they watched you write it down. Strike 3. My wife had the seafood special which was very good (a white fish with a cream shrimp sauce). I had the skirt steak as I have seen other people post it was good. Well, apparently others have not had a good latin skirt steak. Again, it was good, but was lacking in seasoning. I have had better at a Pepe's frankly. And just served over rive and beans? A little roasted vegetables on the side would have been nice. We did get a small but nice fig cake and ice cream on the house for our anniversary, which was the first mention from our waiter that night. Beautiful place. Mediocre food. Lousy service. You have way better choices in Chicago than this.
