In a nutshell: Food: 5 stars (period.) P/C: 4.5 stars Service 4.5 stars Alinea really brought me out of my culinary, gastronomical box, helped me come to a realization that this is truly one of a kind, and provided an example how such a perfect combination of a form of art and a form of science can create wonders, i mean wonders.  I have to admit, I was a bit nervous before I went in here. I have this jinx about restaurants - if i have a wonderful experience in one restaurant, the next restaurant i visit just turns out to be a mediocre experience (and i feared more after such a wonderous experience i had at L2O the night before). and throughout the night, everything that i ate, felt, smelled, and saw at this restaurant proved me wrong.  I am going to omit what I had - because it'd just be too difficult to list them and depict them there. if you're ever going here - just let them know of your dietary restrictions, and let them take care of you and take you through the journey of your life. you're in good hands. the goods: 1. i LOVED the thrill of not knowing exactly what i was going to have next. every dish after another was something to be awed about and to be remembered for a long time. they used lots of apparatus, gadgets and other whimsically brilliant ways to absorb the experience.  2. i LOVED even more how they really paid particular attention to my sense of smell - in 4~5 dishes, they really brought out something that not only made my sense of taste happy but also my sense of smell - amazingly done. 3. when i close my eyes, walk through the journey and pick one dish that moved me the most - it was the loup de mer dish - wonderfully sumptuous whole fish simply grilled with lemon and mint, complemented by sea salt, mint pesto (?), caponata (amazing...), and chick pea chips. the was nothing molecular or scientific about this dish, but they stuck to the fundamentals (good ingreidnets, good execution skills and the marriage of the ingredients). i will never forget this dish. 4. the wine program was pretty dynamic - pretty much stuck around in the old world.  the chassagne-montrachet was my favorite pairing with the loup de mer. the echezeaux was a bit too tight for me, and the wild mushroom dish didn't fully open up all the good stuff that wine probably had. 5. service - spot-on. the interval between dishes was absolutely perfect. the servers were interactive and friendly but not too chatty (golden..) 6. the presentation obviously was creative and out of this world. i got a little tensed up on parts where i had to participate, but oh my am i going to remember them. 7. they completely listened and took care of my hatred toward game meats. i didn't see them anywhere near me during dinner. 8. the staff anticipate what you're going to do and take care of you - i managed a major coffee stain on my beige jacket, they must have sensed some distraught-ness in my face, brought a thing of shout-wipes so i can undo the stain.  9. A real time perfomance by Chef Achatz with the last dessert - nicely done. the not-so-goods: 1. this is really my own fault, but the loup de mer portion was too big, i ended up eating almost the whole fish, which was a stupid move. gah. 2. not a sweet/dessert wine fan and after 3 consecutive sweet wines, i was getting dizzy. i personally would've preferred something a bit fruit-forward but not as sweet...the whole time i was having the last messy dessert - i was thinking gigondas. Alinea in a league of its own, it's simply not comparable to some of the other restaurants I've been - it was impressive on all fronts, i mean all fronts. it was 4 hours well spent and i will remember this experience for a long time. As of Alinea, i think I am at crossroads where I can definitively list out the things that I enjoy/look for in fine-dining experiences. I think I prefer traditional to eccentric and bread service to audience participation to assemble dishes. I have 110% for Alinea and everybody that makes the restaurant as successful as it is now and I am going to have to thank them for really opening a next chapter of my culinary journey.  Thank you Alinea.
