I don't think there's another restaurant like Wilde in Chicago. It's on the great block of Broadway (which, may I add has the best restaurants in the city) and happens to be walking distance from me! The atmosphere of Wilde alone will win you over. Ask to sit in the library, it's so cozy by a nice warm fireplace. Everything I've ordered here as been great, but I'd like to reiterate my vegetarianism. The artichoke cheese dip is a great appetizer, but they never give you enough bread to dip and I always have to ask for more. It's unexpectedly fast to get your order which is nice when you're especially hungry.  PLEASE be sure to get the macaroni and cheese at one point in your life. It is SO good! The smaller dish is the perfect portion for me to be comfortably stuffed.  The veggie soup is yummy and a good light choice if you were to pair it with another side! They have a good drink menu and extensive choice of beer! They also have daily drink specials, you can save a few bucks there since somehow the bill adds up rather fast here.  Now for CONS (I really wish there weren't any) PRICE - it is relatively expensive, and things add up fast when you're having drinks here. The street of Broadway has many adorable BYOB places, so I get spoiled by CVS liquor prices.  A FEELING OF BEING RUSHED - although getting your food quickly is a PRO, I have felt several times that I'm being rushed through a meal (especially true if you are sitting in a coveted outside seat or the inside/outside patio thing), and then thrown a $$$$ check that makes me feel slightly taken advantage of.  It's one thing to get your appetizer quickly, but it's discouraging when that appetizer is sharing a table with your salad, entre, and side. 5 plates vs. 1 stomach, how intimidating ;) SERVICE - I've had bad and great service here, which leads me to the assumption that Wilde doesn't provide much training for their employees. Maybe they're pooling tips? Or maybe I don't look like a good tipper? Who knows... it really depends on the server for this one though. **Final words, try Wilde and see for yourself! It is definitely worth it for the decor alone. A great place to show off to guests or for a nice-causal dinner with the parentals or a date! Even with these CONS it gets 4 stars**
