I first ate here when I was seven years old, it being my parental units' belief that an educated palate would serve me well throughout my life; it has proven true. The first thing I must mention is olfactory memory. There is a lot of scientific research that supports the premise that your nose will enhance the memory of things that even your brain may be fuzzy about, and thereby may serve to refresh your memories. Odor information is easily stored in long-term memory and has strong connections to emotional memory. Olfaction, taste and trigeminal receptors together contribute to flavor. The human tongue can distinguish only among five distinct qualities of taste, while the nose can distinguish among hundreds of substances, even in minute quantities. For these reasons, when visiting Nuevo Leon as an adult some thirty years after my childhood visits, immediately upon entering I smell precisely the same aromas and odors that linger in my memory, and suddenly I am reminded of of how the waitresses used to comment on how I liked an awful lot of hot salsa on my tostadas, always asked how I was doing in school, etc, and the richness of the stews, the crunchiness of the chips, the creaminess of the refried beans, the fluffy, tasty rice. It was as if I time-traveled to my past. The service is the same; exceptional. A recent chat with the founding owner (whose son now manages the restaurant) revealed that one of his servers was hired even before I was a customer - talk about job security! These familial bonds, loyalty, the amazing consistency of quality and many other reasons are why Nuevo Leon is a Chicago treasure, and so much more than simply cheap eats. I actually credit this fine establishment with teaching me a very important lesson. When I was just a wee laddie, me mum gave me a piece of Halibut that was, shall we say, a bit ripe. I gagged trying to get it down, while she persistently claimed that there was 'nothing wrong with that fish.' I did not eat any fish (other than shrimp) for thirty years, due to a false belief that all fish stank like that (curiously, I did not consider shrimp 'fish.') In 2002, back from ten years in Miami, I took a dear old friend out to enjoy the Mexican food I has missed for so long. She ordered the divine Red Snapper Veracruzana. She was so enthralled with it that she insisted I try a bite. After trying two bites (& asking for a 3rd!), she shooed me away from her dinner; it was exquisite! I am now an avid fan of nearly every fish you can think of, with the possible exception of catfish. Thank you, Nuevo Leon, for renewing my appreciation of fish, and for all the great memories.
