Well I will start off with the embarrassing part first. So of course, I am a GROUPON aholic, (you know coupons for various functions), so I told the partner, lets go eat Colombian food, I have a GROUPON! So we headed north on a merry way to partake in some scrumptious Colombian meals and such. I guess I shouldn't rush right? So we get to the restaurant and sit down, waiter is bringing us water.... The partner decided to let the waiter know we are using a GROUPON, well here it goes..... "WE WERE IN THE WRONG RESTAURANT"! I nearly died right there on the spot! I mean, I was the one saying, "No, you don't have to let them know about using GROUPON, we do that after wards". Good thing my partner is the calm one and likes to read due in part to my shenanigans gone wrong! So now, we headed towards our RIGHT destination. Were seated (we chose to sit in a more private area), and they obliged. It was nice, I had the Plato Paisa (typical Colombian dish) with: white rice, beans, egg fried on rice, a strip of steak, and a chicaron (pork crackling) and of course an arepa which is similar (not quite) to a tortilla but fat and filled with the taste of cheese. Not bad for a nice night, I mean the place is really trendy and nice. Reminds you of Columbia or some Spanish eating ground. It was really nice and quaint, you know candle lit and all. The place was bustling with business and to be honest I didn't mind at all. It was really nice to see this place busy. I rather enjoyed it and would go again, but of course, the prices are a tad higher then the other Colombian restaurants I have been to, but that's okay for the ambiance, its upscalish in a way. Not rich, but comfortable. Check it out, and don't forget Yelp is the way to go. Meanwhile, moral of the story: READ AND CHECK YOUR DIRECTIONS. I seriously thought I would die of embarrassment when I sat in the other place. Imagine, had my partner not read the address? I would be washing dishes right now and YELP would have a rather crazy review.
