This was my first Rick Bayless dining experience, save for the occasional Frontera salsa and chips I've been known to pick up at the grocery store. Needless to say, I was not disappointed. Went here in the 1P hour yesterday and there was barely a line...Granted, it was absolutely freezing outside, so maybe people didn't want to brave the elements to get some eats. Oh well, their loss! I had the Almendrado (bean-to-cup chocolate drink: chocolate and almond milk), churros and split the guacamole and chips. Everything was quite tasty. The Alemndrado was brought out hot, texture was nice and velvety, flavor was smooth and sweet. Seriously, it was probably the best hot chocolate I've ever had...Quality stuff, nothing about it tasted artificial. Mmm... Prior to tasting the churros at XOCO, my only experience was having them at the Mexican corner store in the neighborhood where I grew up. The corner store churros were room temp, probably sitting out for god knows how long. Granted, I liked them--what's not to like about sugar on fried-dough? But the XOCO churros blew them out of the water. They came out fresh out of presumably the fryer, warm, rolled in a cinnamon-sugar mixture. Soooo good. I swear, I felt like I was being so bad eating those, but it felt so good all the same... The chips and guacamole were very good as well. Lots of very nice flavors--cilantro, onion, some sort of spice...maybe chipolte? Whatever it was, top notch! Tasted very fresh! I just wished the serving of guacamole was maybe a tablespoon larger...I always hate it when you run out of dip before the chips are gone! Everything was a good value for the money...The chocolate was $3.25, chips and guac $4, churros 3 for $3. And I was impressed that they sold beer--had some on ice at the counter for grab and go! And good stuff, too! I spied Matilda, some Metropolitian offerings, and good ol' Robert the Bruce (of Three Floyds fame-NWI represent!). If I was in the drinking mood, it was nice to know my options! Will definitely be here again! Need to try some Tortas! And maybe I'll get around to visiting Frontera or Topolobampo soon! Definitely on the agenda after the sampling I got of what Rick Bayless and his peeps can do!
