I am sorry, i know one star is harsh, but this is the second most expensive restaurant that I have ever been to (behind per se) and therefore, it needs to be judged in that context. The food is sublime, there is no question about that. The tastes are very interesting and unique so the 20 courses leave you completely satisfied. Here is why I have give Alinea low marks: 1. Atmosphere. The tables are very close together and there is no ambient noise. the waiters all speak in hush tones and you can pick up conversations from across the room. I was a bit annoyed that I couldn't have a candid conversation with my wife while enjoying dinner. Furthermore, since the meal is broken into 20 micro courses, there is someone at your table nearly every 5 minutes delivering a monolog about the food. If you go to Alinea, prepare more for Theatre than for dinner. It isn't about the company. 2. It gets old...fast: So much about this restaurant is about the presentation and the uniqueness of the food. Each course is delivered by a chef or waiter that is responsible for just that portion of the meal. He gives a presentation about the food and describes how it was intended that you eat it. Here is the problem, it sort of takes away from the night when you hear this same speech 4 or 5 different times during the night as it is given to the adjacent tables. Since it is given by the same person, and exactly the same way, it starts feeling a bit like you are watching robots at work in a perverse culinary chorus. 3. Presentation felt Kitchy: the food is amazing, but some of the dishes require you to obey instructions about how to eat it and how to hold it...ok, not terminal, but it also got a bit old. 4. Timeshare sale: The wine pairing was very good BUT BUT BUT I really HATED the fact that about halfway through the pairing the Sommelier comes over and asks you if you are interested in upgrading to a "reserve set" of wines for the balance of the dinner. My reaction may have been unfounded, but I was insulted. To me, this stunk of a "timeshare sales pitch" after you have agreed to rent the room for the weekend. The timing just feels horrendous and it begs you to wonder if they don't put it at this point in the dinner to capitalize on the fact that you have already consumed a good deal of wine and that perhaps your judgment is at risk. If you compound this with the fact THAT EVERYONE NEAR YOU IS LISTENING TO YOUR ANSWER, this solicitation is just outright obnoxious. 5. The Sommelier was a moron: An halfway decent Sommelier at a normal fine-dining establishment would have realized that I am a rank amateur when it comes to wine and catered his speech to the unfortunate audience that he is stuck with. At Alinea, even the Sommelier says EXACTLY THE SAME SPEECH TO EACH TABLE WITH EACH GLASS OF WINE. He kept on asking me if I was familiar with certain exotic grapes, because that grape was somewhat similar to the grape I was about to enjoy. Dude, this was irritating. 6. Oh yeah, the menthol. It really was unfortunate. I had read about it in the reviews and I considered asking them to leave it out... but once you are in your seat you realize that you would no more ask them to change a dish than you might ask an actor in a Broadway play to change his pronunciation.
