Oh, if there was a meal to induce a Yelp review, the dinner date I had at Sunda last night would be it. Everything comes out family style, like a true Asian spot, which was great because we got to try everything together. Like so many Chitown sushi spots, Sunda's "signature rolls" aren't all that signature...but their salads are where they shine. Some brilliant dishes are hidden in this otherwise stereotypically boring category. For example, the duck hash salad was a perfect harmony of European and Chinese classics. Daikon or radish cake is a favorite found at dimsum - toss that in with the duck as the "lardon" with frisee, and you've got something completely inspired. Also impressively novel was their unagi / watermelon "nigiri" - blocks of watermelon served as rice. Portion size is a little disappointing, but let's be honest, you're in River North, not the suburbs - it's no surprise when the kitchen foregoes quantity for quality. We tackled the hamachi jalapeno sashimi and the scorpion roll, both of which were decent. The servers accidentally brought us the Number 10 roll, which we were then told to enjoy on the house. By that time in the night, we were both super full and it is an incredibly rich roll (shrimp tempura, avocado, cream cheese, all deep fried...you get the picture), so unfortunately we didn't take full advantage. When we hit the dessert list, we loved the pudding (raspberry lychee, guava vanilla, even taro coconut...what's not to like?). However, we were sorely disappointed by the "Ridiculous". I've had tempura ice cream back in LA, and was hoping for something similar. The "tempura" was all wrong on this, and the carrot cake was terrible. The only thing we ended up eating on that dish was the ice cream. As for the drink list, they've got a decent list of fruity martinis, which clearly caters to their target demographic of 20 and 30 something females. I went against the grain and had a dry petite syrah, which was perfect for my mood. Next time though, I'm hitting up that martini list... Even though Sunda's been open for a few months now, it's still fairly busy. I had to call and drop a friend's name to get on the list at 8 pm, and even then, they booked us for the wrong day. We ended up sitting at the wooden tables between the sushi bar and the lounge, which was fine. It was actually fairly reminiscent of Avec, except at Avec at least you have hooks under the table to hang your purse/jacket. And Avec's cultivated and maintained a serious reputation in this city for great food/service. Sunda's got a while to go before it gets there. I just hope it doesn't turn into another Sushi Samba, or else this city is seriously going in the wrong direction.
