Meli is a great place to take someone for a great breakfast, brunch or even lunch. It was a surprise to find this great cafe in the middle of Greek town. The decor is fresh and bright, at times it reminds me of an upscale hotel restaurant. Although I have never tried any of the fresh juices, the people I dined with have, and claimed that they were good. Nothing spectacular however, just good. I mean, it's juice...how can you make juice spectacular? And they don't have any exotic juices, just the general orange, apple, carrot, etc. I do however, love the coffee at Meli for some reason. It's always fresh and strong, not watered down or stale, like it can be at some places. The food is heavenly. I have only been to Meli a few times and I am sitting here wishing I could go back now because there are so many other things that I would like to try. (I will have to update this review after trying more things.) The omelets are good, big and fluffy, and they come with a good portioned side of baby reds (YUMMY!) and your choice of toast. NOW, I am not a HUGE toast person, but I think I would come to Meli just for the toast. Every time, it is toasted perfectly and the marmalade that they give you is sinfully good. They make the marmalades on sight and they are some of the best that I have had. The only downsides to Meli are that they are very busy on the weekends (so I don't go on the weekends). Parking is also a little hard to find. I either head east on Jackson and find a meter or you can park at the parking lot on Adams and halsted for $6 up to 4 hours. Also, I was here once (I ordered strawberry french toast, my friend ordered an omelet and toast) and we were given two TINY dollops of butter. One dollop barely even covered a piece of toast, so when I asked if I could please have some more butter, the waitress explained that more butter will be an extra charge. Alas, I paid $.45 for another minuscule dollop of butter. Go figure. Lastly, the restrooms are only one stall (I'm not sure about the men's, but in the women's it's only one stall), so if it gets busy, there might be a wait for the bathroom. For now, I would give Meli Cafe 4.5 stars. Make it a goal to go there and try it out!
