This place is best described as an attempt at an upscale sports bar. Like several other reviewers here, I found the food to be surprisingly good. Most menu items are a slight deviation on typical bar/pub food and for the most part come out well. I had the toasted goat-cheese pita which I found to be delectable. The soft warm goat cheese went well with the honey-orange balsamic of the greens. My main course was the "Chicago-style" reuben which was also very tasty, although I am unsure as to the "Chicago-style" aspect of it. I was particularly enamored with the sweet potato fries that came with BBQ sauce for dipping. Sweet potato fries are hard to come by and are also more difficult to make correctly than normal fries, so that was definitely an enjoyable part of the meal. The other people in my party were also impressed with the quality of their food. Unfortunately we all felt that we could have used larger portions... but that might just be a side effect of it tasting so good that we just wanted more. In retrospect, the portions were probably just right. The service during our time at The Fifty/50 was "interesting" and is the reason for the 3 stars instead of 4 or more. Our 24oz draft specials were served in plastic cups.... but our water was in glassware. If you're gonna have a draft special, you should also have the appropriate equipment. Our waitress was probably way too inexperienced for a place like this as she always seemed "removed" from her tasks and the customers; true, it may not be Trotters or Seasons, and for sure, all the waitresses looked great, but superb service should trump visual appeal, especially when the check is approaching +$40/person. The worst part of the service was the busboy who kept wanting to clear our table ASAP, as if the kitchen was running out of plates. Every 3 minutes... "You finished? You finished?" In fact I think my final sweet potato fry was still halfway between dish and mouth when he swiped my plate. In all, a bit of a confounding experience saved by some unexpectedly good food. Or maybe some really tasty grub marred by weird service. Either way, I'd say its worth a try or two.
