Oh how I love this place let me count the MEATS!!! okay, I know that is corny but that is how I felt each time I flipped my chip over to green get another piece or slice of there savory and tender cuts of meats I want to say when I first stepped into the place I was welcomed by a friendly face that always scores brownie points with me. When I looked around the restaurant it was beautiful, it was clean it was big yet inviting! I loved the salad bar as well and the endless sides including: po de queijo (warm cheese bread), crispy hot polenta, garlic mashed potatoes and caramelized bananas. Fogo also offers optional side dishes of rice and black beans, and farofa upon request. All of this was so good that I couldn't believe I picked up my fork to eat all that I did but I had no guilt as I did my happy dance each time I tried something new and different; just an extra 30 mins a day of working out and it was so worth it in my opinion. The waiter was very nice and so was the manager who stopped by our table and spoke to us for awhile and I have to say he was funny and made my cousin and I feel like we were friends stopping by his house for a dinner party.  I know that in today economy some people may not be able to make it here but I say if you can save and if you can come out for lunch because the prices are a little less for lunch then this is a place that you should treat yourself to at least once...and trust after you come here once you will want to come back...I know I do!!! Here is the breakdown taken from their site: Lunch $32.50 | (Salad Bar Only - $22.50) Mon-Fri 11:00-2:00 Dinner $49.50 | (Salad Bar Only - $24.50) Mon-Thur 5:00-10:00 Fri 5:00-10:30 Sat 4:00-10:30 Sun 4:00-9:30 Children 5 and under are complimentary. Children 6 to 10 are half price. Any beverages, desserts, tax, and gratuity are additional. An 18% gratuity is added to all parties of 6 or more. So, for a friendly, fun and fantastic time...I say hands down try out Fogo de Chao and get ready to do your own happy dance!
