Disclaimer: I usually travel to Bad Apple per the request of my shuffleboard loving friends. So shuffleboards are cool and fun, but Bad Apple wants to make sure you don't have too much because there are dining customers in the other room. I think this is my biggest hang up, as I will get to the food and the service in a moment, because it begs the question "why have something if you can't fully enjoy it." I was recently asked to leave the restaurant by one of the owners for "insulting her staff" when enjoying my time there and being a tad bit loud; as being loud and enjoying yourself where there is beer and games can happen. I was insulted and will not ever go back. HOWEVER to be a fair reviewer of food and service and other things FOOD The food is good. They have creatively invented different burgers that please the senses in multiple taste variations and they cook their meat fairly well as a few times when ordering a medium rare I received a well cooked burger. It happens. Thats why I say good. Fries are better seasoned than dipped in tomatoes, no question. DRINK The drink selection is great. For a restaurant. Don't confuse this for a bar, and dont pretend you know about beer when you order. SERVICE So they know about their beer. The service staff there is great, super friendly, funny and generally enjoyable to talk to. Whenever you need a suggestion or a friendly barb about your selection of beer the staff will politely oblige. So its not much to look at on the inside, dark and not necessarily complimenting to the atmosphere. I am not sure why they insist on placing flat screen tv's at the bar and in the "game room" as the confuse the entire lighting arrangement. The shuffle board is great although they need more sand, and its nice to play Galaga, but not while people are eating. Overall I think that Bad Apple should bit the bullet and just rid themselves of the slightest idea that they would be an enjoyable bar and stick to building credibility as a restaurant. The food is good but can be better and the atmosphere is like an adolescent boy in theater club wondering if its ok that he is going to a sports event after. I hear one of the owners is a blast to be around but the other doesn't like the idea of having a bar in her restaurant. Not a gastropub, not a restaurant, not a bar. Not bad though.
