Living about 3 blocks east of nana, I was eager to give this restaurant my business once their sign popped up mid-winter at the corner of 33rd & halsted. I'll plead guilty to judging almost every book by it's cover (or title), and say that i was happy to see a somewhat sophisticated restaurant popping up in the land of quick yumyums that is bridgeport. Then it opened in late summer, and I read many yelp reviews which were critical of the restaurant. I've been a fan of Aaron S's reviews for some time, and I've almost always found his reviews to be accurate. Seeing him criticize this restaurant I've looked forward to for so long kinda discouraged me from giving the place a shot. So, I decided to hold off on the place until I started seeing better reviews. Skip ahead some number of days, weeks, maybe months, and a coworker / fellow bridgeportian proclaimed to me that his breakfast with his girlfriend at nana was some of the best food he's ever had in bridgeport. We've had similar tastes in food in the past, with our hatred for happiness @33rd & halsted being the same, and with our enjoyment of Bridgeport Restaurant being similar as well. I'm not sure if he's followed through with my recommendation of ramova grill yet, but I decided to give nana a go based on his recommendation. I arrived at about 2:30pm on a Tuesday afternoon. I looked a tad homeless, wearing bluejeans, an enlarged blue hoody, a green shirt underneath that, and a knit hat over my head. Surprisingly, I wasn't asked to leave the moment I entered, and was instead greeted by a very nice fellow who holds a stellar likeness to Kevin Smith. I was seated, ordered my standard coffee, and looked over the menu. My first choice was a vegetarian hamburger they offer. However, they were out of that. So, I went over their breakfast menu, and found that they also offer a tofu scramble. Having recently fell in love with tofu thanks to Jim Ching's preperation of Curry Tofu, I took a dive for that. The food took maybe 8 minutes to cook, and came out looking fucking worthy of marriage. I haven't ever been fond of scrambled anything, especially eggs, and I haven't even been attempting veganism for very long. I guess something happened to me as a child, and I got some scrambled eggs forced into my mouth by my asshole dad or something. Since then, I can't stand eggs alone, or in any sort of dish where they are used as the primary ingredient. Especially omelets. However, this dish changed my mind, and I now have an acceptance of scrambled tofu resting comfortably in my mind. Every god damn part of this dish was well prepared. Every bite was heavenly, magical, and, it was all just perfect. Aside from the stuffed french toast I once had at cafe meli, and maybe the first time I ever had cinnamon toast crunch, this is the best breakfast food I've ever had. After finishing brunch, I ordered this pumpkin bread that was drowning in some sort of banana sauce, with whipped cream. Every bite was delicious, and I regret not taking any photos. Service was excellent as well. Very nice people, several coffee refills, several satisfaction update requests, quick bill payment once I was ready to get out, and the whole bill was dirt cheap too. $14.95 for a huge ass tofu scramble, that giant mound of elegantly prepared pumpkin bread, and maybe like 3 or 4 cups of coffee. A god damn Plus. Hope to see this place open for years to come.
