One indian summer evening, a blonde, a brunette, and a redhead met at Piccolo Sogno for a long-overdue night out. Plans were made so long ago that we weren't even sure how it came to be that Piccolo Sogno was chosen. And again, since reservations were made long ago, we had no idea that it would be warm enough to sit outside in mid October and enjoy their lovely patio, but indeed it was. Outside seating is well sought out so when we arrived at prime dinner hour, we were told there would be a short wait; this was no problem, as it gave us time to enjoy a glass of wine at the bar. We were shown to our table and we are all surprised at the size of the patio, as well as the crowd. Holy cow - this place was Jumpin' Jack Flash! We started perusing the menu as well as the specials and immediately decided that whatever we ordered, we would share. It's so much more fun that way. The server went over the specials with us, all of which sounded incredible and just made our decisions that much more difficult. Then he promptly disappeared. For like 20 minutes. We were hungry gals by then and wanted to start stuffing our faces. Finally he appeared and we started rattling off our choices: an antipasto platter, an arugula pizza, ravioli "Piccolo Sogno" and the pan-roasted, salt-crusted Branzino. We told our server that we didn't really care what order the food came out, hoping that it would be paced accordingly. The antipasto platter arrived, as well as the white bean soup that I ordered. The soup was good, but it lacked deep flavor. The antipasto platter sounded better than it was; it had the usual suspects of grilled vegetables, olives, Pecorino,and proscuitto, but it just didn't "wow" me. By now our wine glasses were long empty and then appears our branzino - the main course. We thought it odd that our pizza and ravioli hadn't yet been served as they are considered second courses. The branzino was fileted and de-boned off to the side so we didn't get to see them do it tableside, which I would have enjoyed. The server brings our branzino to the table, along with the pizza and ravioli. He never asked about more wine, and in fact whisked away the wine list before we could even inquire about ordering more. He brings it back and once we agreed on ordering a bottle of red, we deferred the selection to the blonde in our triumvirate of Yelpettes. The bottle of red is poured. To be honest I don't recall what it was, but it was very smooth and drinkable. We passed the food around and dug in. My verdict: Ravioli - very good; nice sauce. Would order again Branzino - light and delicate, and juicy grapefruit segments and capers were a nice complement to the fish Arugula pizza - decent, but I thought it was a little bland and we all agreed that the crust should have been crispier Once dinner was finished, we were asked about dessert. The others declined, but I talked them into sharing a panna cotta, which is my all-time favorite Italian dessert, and one I don't generally let pass me by. Piccolo Sogno's was quite good. Nice balance of vanilla, saffron and caramel, and plentiful berries on the side; we enjoyed this. In summary, their patio was lovely, the service was spotty, and the food was good, but not remarkable. The company was ten stars though; I'm sure we could have eaten anywhere and had a good time, but we'll likely not rush back to PS.
