Location, Location Location!! This very historic hotel is a truly unique experience, especially if you are a history buff. The hotel is only a block away from the Chicago Art Institute and less than two miles from almost all the down town attractions. We paid a little more and stayed on the executive floor where you receive a continental breakfast, drinks and snacks throughout the day, and appetizers in the evening. They also have bar service on the floor until 10:00 PM each night. Don't expect much from the food on the executive floor, it's cereal, muffins, hardboiled eggs and such. It is really nice to be able to grab a drink without going down to the lobby or paying five bucks for a coke in the vending machine. However, I wouldn't count breakfast here as a full meal. The lobby and overall decor of the hotel is phenomenal with authentic Art-Deco styling's. This isn't faux reproductions as displayed in Vegas or other hotels. It's the real deal. The current version of the Palmer House opened in 1925 but it's origins date back to 1871. Even if you don't stay here, stop by and have a martini at the lobby bar. Soak up the atmosphere around you. Think of all the history that has passed though this lobby and the people that have had a drink at this bar. The roaring 20's, Black Friday 1929, WW II, heck it is even quite possible that Al Capone and his henchmen had a drink at this bar. The rooms are small by modern standards and the bathrooms are very small. Remember this hotel was built in 1925, and at that time these were large rooms. The water pressure in the shower was very low but again this is a historic hotel and we were on the top floor. As with most Hilton properties the bed is very comfortable. Down pillows and comforters are always a hit in my book. The staff was very friendly and attentive. I feel that the bellmen and doormen outshined the rest of the staff I came in contact with. They were sincerely friendly, funny and helpful. During our departure, our bellman ran out into traffic on State Street to hail us a taxi. It almost looked like a cop commandeering a car during a police chase. I would most definitely stay here again and recommend it to anyone doing the tourist thing in Chicago, especially if you are a history buff.
