Chef Martin is somewhat of a wunderkind - heading the prestigious Tru kitchen at age 29. I was eager to check out his cooking right before the Michelin release. The amuse bouche was granulated cucumber salad with mussels veloute. The bright-flavored cucumber salad and the umami-abound veloute made an interesting and refreshing start. There were four choices of bread. The cheese crackers and the brioche, the only two that were made in-house - were decent. The other two were made by Red Hen. I actually like Red Hen's French baguette. But Tru's two selections were odd. The white bread had an awkward crust that didn't amount to a real crust and made the bread appear stale. The pumpernickel fared better, but was also a bit stale to my taste. I think Tru should just develop its own bread program. The butter that accompanied the bread was from an unnamed brand from Vermont. It was good, but nothing spectacular. I had the 6-course tasting with an extra cheese course. The first course was sturgeon caviar. Despite the name, it was actually white sturgeon shaped into the droplets and put in a caviar can - on a bed of avocado puree - complete with the pearl spoon. The dish tasted fine, but it was a bit one-note. Beyond the playful concept, there was no nuance in the flavor-profile. I wish it was a real caviar course. The second dish was chilled kohlrabi soup. It was contained in a hallowed kohlrabi - cool presentation. The soup itself was drizzled with curry oil on top. The combination worked, but it was a touch too salty. And frankly the concept of "curry" oil - admittedly a fad in contemporary French cooking nowadays - is funny to people who know a thing or two about spices. But moving on. The third was a pork-belly dish. The pork belly was rolled and cut into a medallion, topped with crisped bacon and shaved truffles. This was fantastic. The pork belly was executed perfectly, and the truffles complemented well with the richness. The accompanying dumpling was also very good. Although this course was oddly placed in the tasting, it was my favorite dish of the night. Fourth course was tilefish. The skin was left on and created a perfect crust. The fish itself was perfectly cooked but under-seasoned. The pickled daikon and the brown butter emulsion helped a bit but ultimately the dish shined on textures but tasted bland. The last savory course was chicken with foie gras rolled into a disc. The presentation was beautiful. It tasted fine but again lacked any nuance beyond salt. Next was the cheese course. I picked one cow, one sheep, and one goat, from creamy to sharp. It was good and fun to pick things out of a cheese cart. But ultimately none of the selections were very memorable or interesting. The palate cleanser was cucumber emulsion. This brought us back to the cucumber amuse bouche - which added some structure to the meal. The emulsion was way too acidic to be pleasant, but it did the job of cleansing my palate. The dessert course was figs, cassis on honey-flavored cream and ice cream. This was a simple dessert that worked on all levels - great produce, great execution, and great combination of flavors and textures. Mignardises came on a trolley. I had one of each. Canele was textbook (rivaled that of L2O). Pomegranate gelee and the chocolate truffle were also excellent. The only item that was sub-par was the macaron, which didn't have the proper airy meringue shell. The take-home snack (fruit-jam muffin) made perfect breakfast the next day. The sommelier recommended the most expensive glass of wine without mentioning the price. I only realized this when I read the bill. I found that to be slightly presumptuous. But the Pommard Noizons Domaine Berthelemot 2007 was excellent - fruit-forward yet complex with hints of spice. It went well with my entire meal. I also had their Intelligentsia proprietary blend coffee - also excellent. The space had vaulted ceiling, clean-line but plush furniture, crisp-white linen, with colorful and provocative arts on the wall. I felt I was in a contemporary art museum. It was a stunning dining room fit for special occasions. Service was professional and the pace of the dinner perfect. They still did synchronized presentation, which I found robotic. I appreciated the effort though. After the meal we met Chef Martin - very friendly and personable. The valet warmed my car for me, which was a nice touch. I did think the waitstaff was too austere and humorless. To get to the next level of service, they need to train the waitstaff to be more than just servers.  I was happy with this experience. The execution was good, and the presentation was like artwork. But overall the meal lacked any "wow" moments. My dining companion put it well - everything just tasted "muted." Tru has the fine-dining format down to a tee, but to be a destination you need more. There's still room to grow. But for now, I'd say it is proper Michelin 1-star cooking.
