Having been wowed by the location on Clybourn, I was chomping at the bit for this place to open in my neighborhood. Last week, I finally got the chance to take the new location for a test drive, and I liked what I saw. We ordered at the counter, which is just inside the front door. It's kind of awkward if the place is full inside, or if there's a steady stream of people coming in, as was the case when I and my dinner companion turned up. After ordering, we kind of wandered out to the back and sat ourselves at an open table. We sat there for a few minutes, eyeing the water jug and cups on the cart by the door. Since our drinks were self-serve (grabbed from the cooler inside), I wasn't sure how it worked with the water, or if we would be able to get cups with ice for our drinks, or if we were just supposed to drink it out of the can/bottle. So, former waitress and ever-DIY-er that I am, I just got up and grabbed a few glasses and picked up the pitcher to pour. Then a guy who had been cleaning off tables came up to me and told me (in a not-as friendly way) that he could bring us water if we needed it. Allrighty then. We'd ordered the mariquitas, which I LOVED, despite about only a teaspoon of ajo throughout the dish. That stuff is GOLD, people. I got the ropa vieja and my guy got the roasted chicken, which was really just a huge paillard of chicken, lol - not really what he'd expected, but it was still delicious. We also got a guava and cheese emapanada as dessert. The ropa vieja was very flavorful., heavy on the green peppers, and just tender, tender, tender. The black beans were nice and liquid-y, just as I like them. Rice was prepared fine. The empanada was kind of funny - the way the guava and cheese was distributed throughout my little pocket of yummyness was about 2/3 cheese and 1/3 guava, with the guava relegated to one corner of the pocket. Regardless, it was good. As we made our way out, I stopped the owner and thanked him for opening up in my hood. Always good to have great restaurants that I can walk to. He happily handed me a pen and told me to write my sentiments on the wall, which is playfully painted with little sheets of paper, ready for just this sort of occasion! I tipped my proverbial hat to the cooks in back and shuffled home, my belly sated and my inner Cubana happy.
