So I was pretty jazzed for this place, and it pains me to rate it 3 stars. It is what it is. Four of us went to try the Sunday night 4 course prix fixe family style menu. I went with a chef friend of mine who did some snout to tail stuff at his place, so again . . high expectations. We make reservations for the Sunday night (which is I think the only night you can make reservations. . .not sure. . ) but we make them for 6:30. We agree to show up a bit early to try the beer menu. It is very good to be sure. Great selection of imports and locals. We stand at the high-tops and get a beer. We finish our beers and. . . nothing. No one comes back to see how it's going, refills (and trust me, we wanted a refill). We grab a random hostess and she does get us another round, we also mention that we're ready to sit whenever. It's near 6:30. . . .nothing happens. In about the time we are waiting the place goes from 2 diners, to 50. We are completely ignored. Go ask the host whats up? Sorry just a few minutes is the reply. . ok. So finally the wanna-be Vincent Chase host comes over (it's 6:45), "hey really sorry, but we just sold out of the menu, but you can order all the apps you want!" excuse me? WTF? I almost did not believe him, so we sat. So they sold out the entire menu while we were standing there? It would be okay had we not had reservations but this is BS! Talked it over, decided we were about to leave when the waiter came over. He had not heard that they were out of meals. He seems distraught and goes to find the manager. At this point we were thinking these people have no idea what they are doing. He comes back and recommends we get a couple apps and 2 orders of the tasting menu. We oblige kind of knowing what happened. bottom line though it was not nearly enough food and we kinda got screwed.  ok all that being said, they definitely made up for it when it came to the bill and a couple free rounds. so they knew they messed up and they did the right thing. 2 stars turn into 3, a-ok. The manager and waiter were very nice about it all.  ok but now for the food. i was expecting to be BLOWN AWAY. eh. sliced ham and oysters. . . sure anyone can bring that in, shave some and put it on a plate. i do it all the time at home. any restaurant can bring in some kumamotos too. so 4 course tasting menu. . .first of all, as mentioned above we kinda got screwed on the portions so I literally got a taste of all this, maybe more would have helped. salad and roast vegetables, ok. whole bass, yeah ok. rabbit stew, eh. ginger cake, ok. nothing stood out and nothing even came close to blowing me away. totally underwhelmed. oh yeah and they were surprisingly out of 2 or 3 wines or beers on the menu as well. it took some asking and trial and error with the waiter before finding something they actually had in that night. sorry publican, you had your chance and I'll probably give you another one. but when two chefs show up and thats what you pull out. . . well. you get 3 stars. get it together Vince.
