For what it is- Wildfire has it right. This is one of our go-to places for a nicer meal if we're celebrating something; it's a bit cheaper than most of the steakhouses but still has delicious food and a much more extensive menu. I don't even know where to start with the food. My favorite thing to get here is probably the crusted fillet medallions. It's not on the regular menu, but I've seen it on the specials menu every time I've gone, so I assume they always have it. You get 3 medallions, and you get to pick a different crust for each one (or the same one). Always cooked exactly how I like it, and I love crusts on my steak. The roumain skirt steak is also really good, and so are the tenderloin tips (our family had a long discussion and were split down the middle about which was better). The cedar planked salmon is also really good. I don't usually talk about salads, because they're pretty hard to screw up, but I will here, because Wildfire makes GREAT salads. The chopped salad is my favorite: tons of ingredients and it is actually chopped, unlike at some places that call it a chopped salad and then give you a piece of lettuce the size of your head. For appetizers, the artichoke dip is pretty standard and the goat cheese is very good. The only thing I don't really like here is the pizza. They taste fine but they are kind of small and almost remind me of a microwave pizza, so I'd recommend skipping those. For vegetarians, the penne with wood roasted vegetables is actually surprisingly good. There are a lot of vegetables in it, and cheese, and it is not drenched in sauce. Peanut butter chocolate pie is phenomenal, though the peanut butter flavor is not that strong, and the ice cream sandwiches are also really cute and tasty for a hot summer day. Chocolate cake and cheesecake are also always reliable choices. Service is always attentive and helpful, and reservations are almost always ready right on time. -1/2 star for the acoustics- it can get a little loud. 4.5 stars.
