Took my hubby here for his bday and we loved it. We've been to Brazzaz and Texas de Brazil and by far Fogo is notches about the rest when it comes to churascarrias. Salad Bar - The size of the salad bar is much smaller than that at Brazzaz but the quality is superior. The Caesar salad dressing is excellent. Everything we sampled was excellent. Meat - As non pork eaters, there definitely were fewer options for us to eat, but definitely still satisfying and delicious. The bottom sirloin and house specialty were both excellent. The garlic beef and the chicken were extremely flavorful. The rib eye cut is also delicious. We found the filet cut a bit dry but still flavorful. The lamb chops and leg of lamb were also both delicious. Basically we didn't really meet a meat we didn't like here. The one thing we missed out on was the beef ribs that they bring out on a wooden cutting board. We didn't see this cut until after we were already having dessert, but definitely will have to check it out in the future. Sides - The sides here are delicious. Mashed potatoes are flavorful and garnished with cheese and paprika. The fried polenta was a little on the crispy side for me, but still delicious. The bread is out of this world!!! The fried bananas were beautifully caramelized. The nice thing about Fogo is the minute they see your sides are even close to being done, they swoop in and swap them out for a new set. It is much nicer than at other churascarrias where you have to ask for refills on the sides. Service - Service here is top notch... 100% better than the other churascarrias. We were waited on by an attentive but not overbearing or intrusive waiter. The people serving the meat were attentive, remembered that we didn't eat pork, and very accommodating to the cuts of meat we requested. Also at some of the other churascarrias you have to wait a LONG time before the meat guys come back to your table. Here there was a nice balance of being served an array of different meats without being bombarded by too many at once or not having any meat come around at all for long periods of time. Service is good without being pretentious, which is always a plus. Server took a little while to refill my drink so he gave us our dessert on the house, which was ridiculously good. Must try the CHOCOLATE LAVA cake here!!! Delicious. Ambiance - Lots of hustle and bustle where eating is definitely an interactive experience. Was there on a busy Sunday night and definitely preferred it that way so that meat was coming out fresh and hot. If you're a meat lover, definitely give it a go. Don't forget dessert!!!
