Davanti occupies a corner of little Italy, and from the outside, doesn't look too different from the surrounding restaurants. Once you step inside, however, you will immediately see the difference. From the glass lighting above the bar, to the brick accents, to the wooden floor imported from an Italian barn, the dcor of Davanti creates a seamless atmosphere of casual elegance. While it could feel uptight, the energetic crowd, friendly staff, and casual music at Davanti made me feel very much at home. My friend and I sat at the bar, and ordered one of their $3 beers which they have on Thursdays. They had a good beer list and an amazing wine list, apparently they sell wine out of the restaurant and let you buy the wine at retail with dinner, I'll definitely have to do that next time. While the atmosphere and wine list at Davanti would be enough for a great evening, the food left it all behind. This is honestly the best meal I can recall having. We let the bartender choose our food, and started with the Bruchette, which included a raisin bread, goat cheese, and two types of salami. The goat cheese was amazing on the warm bread, and the thinly sliced salami filled your mouth with flavor. We then had a dish which may have been a special, which included farro, roasted walnuts, goat cheese, and a vinaigrette. I had never had farro before, and it was delicious. The vinaigrette was delicious, and the dish actually reminded me of a steak. We then had the Uovo in Raviolo 'San Domenico', a giant ravioli with ricotta, spinach, and egg. It was warm and rich, and well complimented by a butter sauce. We then shared the Pizza della Terra, part of which we had to take home. The pizza had a wonderful crisp bottom and a spectacular truffle aroma. The mushrooms were meaty and complemented the cheeses very well. The crust was chewy and flavorful, the fact that I was still eating crust at this point proves how good it was. We shared the torta bacio for dessert, a chocolate- hazelnut mousse. Normally I can only have one bite of a dessert because they are overly sweet, but this had a wonderful balance between the sweeter mousse and the crunchy bottom, which was a more bitter chocolate. The entire mousse was very light and smooth, not grainy like some other desserts. The fact that I finished my half, after all the other courses, is a testament to the quality of the food. The small plate style works well at Davanti, and allows you to try many of their amazing dishes. The staff is welcoming and the atmosphere casual but elegant. The food is spectacular, one of those places where you wish you could sit in the kitchen and watch how they do it. The attention to detail is evident through the entire experience, from the dcor, to the garnish on the food, to the description of wines by the staff. I am making it my personal mission to return as often as possible.
