I called and made reservations 2 weeks prior to my event. It was my best friends 30th birthday and her boyfriend was also proposing to her as a surprise. We had a big party, 30 people, so I did my best on my end to make this as easy as possible. When we got there, we were greeted and showed our table, we had to wait for 60% of our party to get there, fine, no big deal. Our party started to arrive, and we were seated. When the birthday girl arrived her and her parents sat down and we realized that there was water leaking from the canvas roof, we told our waiter, he basically told us that it was condensation from the heater and basically there wasn't anything he could do about it. So her parents basically had to sit and eat while water dripped in their food and drinks, we all sat as tightly as we could so they wouldn't have to sit under the dripping water. The waiter came to take our order and was very VERY disorganized about the way he did it, he was skipping around from person to person instead of going up and down both our tables, so when our orders came out, the servers didn't know who's food was who's so they were screaming the orders out (the music was VERY loud), we were passing plates around, it was a mess. We had 2 long tables and they were standing at one end just giving the person at the end the plate to pass to whomever, normally when I go out to eat I'm given my plate by my server, they seemed very agitated and annoyed when we asked them questions or couldn't hear them. When all that was said and done, we were missing 2 meals, the supervisor/manager (I couldn't hear who he said he was) basically told us that people were grabbing other peoples orders that's why we were missing 2 dinners, so I assume that their disorganization was our fault.  We were all friends who were there, I dint see why someone would grab food that they didn't order, it didn't make any sense, but I guess blame the customer...thats the way to go. They told us they wouldn't charge us for them (ummm DUH) then when we are all done eating, they bring the dinners out, we said forget it, we didn't want it because we were all pretty much done. So the server said they would wrap it to go but not charge us, we said fine. We get the bill, the waiter tells my friends fiance that he called me (since I placed the reservation) and talked to me and told me we could only charge 2 separate credit cards since our party was so large. I told him they never called me, I called them twice after I made the reservation just to make sure everything was on track, not once did they tell me anything about the credit card but having common sense, I told everyone to have cash, I knew they weren't going to break up a bill for 30 people into a million different bills. When we got the bill, low and behold the dinners we didn't get were charged to us, we spoke to the supervisor/manager again and he said that since they wrapped it to go they charged us, after a discussion they agreed to take it off the bill. This was the 2nd time I was ever there, and my first experience wasn't that great either. I gave them the benefit of the doubt when I made the reservations, thinking to myself, things happen, lets give them another chance. I will not be going back, the food was good, however the servers seemed very upset and annoyed with us, it wasn't our fault our orders weren't taken in an organized fashion. They didn't end up charging us the $3 for our wine and beer but the attitudes and blaming us for their mistakes didn't really sit well with me. I've worked as a waitress and currently as a bartender and this was not acceptable. To sum it up, it was a big mess. I will steer clear from this place and wont recommend it to anyone.EVER. They need to touch up on their organization and check their attitudes, had my best friends mother and father not been there I'm sure I would've lost it but out of respect for them, I checked my attitude and just noted to myself, that I would not be returning. In talking our guests as we were leaving, none of the 30 people we had said they would be returning either.
