"Meat Free Since 1983"! With a slogan like that, what sane vegetarian wouldn't want to try this place out? I fell in love instantly! There is no greater feeling for a vegetarian then to look at the whole menu and be able to order ANYTHING and EVERYTHING off of it! It's so liberating! :0) And let me tell you, everything on the Chicago Diner menu is wonderful! I prefer to eat there around their brunch hours, because you get the best of both worlds, the yummy breakfast stuff and lunch options as well. I always try different dishes every time I go and I often drag non veggies with me, and we are always pleased with what we get! For the non veggies out there, let me explain something. The Chicago Diner uses tofu, seitan, and tempeh to give the vegetarian meals some bulk and make it more filling and more interesting. They use these soy products to have "fake" bacon, Reuben sandwiches, fillet sandwich, gyros, etc. The list could go on and on! It is amazing what they do with soy! Truly! But don't worry not all things have a soy product in them! They use real eggs, and they have stir fries and other things without the "fancy veggie soy products". Some things we have tried and loved: For an App. we all loved the nachos with seitan chorizo. For meals: Cowboy Chili, Black Bean Burger, Radical Reuben, Green Eggs & "Ham", the home style potatoes, and pretty much all of the desserts are fantastic! If I had to pick I would say Cookies and Cream cake is my favorite! The atmosphere is very much old time diner, it's pretty small but in a cozy way. The staff is always very friendly and it's always busy, but you never really have to wait that long. But if it is right in the middle of a prime time to eat out, plan on waiting, maybe even outside. So dress warm! But it is completely and totally worth the wait. In the summer, they have a great back patio and they also have parking which is free during the evening and I believe on weekends as well. If you don't like something, if it's not cooked right, just send it back or tell them, they are always happy to please. I got a complimentary dessert when I thought my seitan was a little tough. The Diner is always updating their menu by adding great new dishes, which makes it fun for regulars like me! Check out their website, it's really fantastic...has pretty much the whole menu with prices etc I just can't say enough great things about the Diner, my husband and I love it so much that he took me there the night he proposed! It will forever have a special place in our hearts. And stomachs. :0) I hope it can win a place in yours! Just give it a try!
