Finally!!! Waited in the freezing cold on New Years Eve Day to sample Mr. Bayless' take on Mexican street food......and I was not disappointed! Food: Chips and Guac: Chips were crunchy and fresh.....guac was the same....if I ordered again I'd double up on the guac.... Ahodaga (Pork Carnitas w/ Black Beans, Spicy Arbol Chili Sauce, Pickled Onions Served in Spicy Tomato Broth): This was my torta....and it was pretty phenom!! I would def get it again.....loved the spicy tomato broth it was served in kind of like a Mexi/French dip.....pork was tender and flavorful.....liked what the pickled onions brought to the table but could have done with slightly less of them. Pepito (Braised Short-Ribs, Carmelized Onion, Black Beans, Jack Cheese and Pickled Jalapenos): This was my bf's torta....I had a few bites....liked the flavor combo.....but it was a little greasy for me and it needed more sauce. Gunthrop Chicken (Wood Roasted Red Chili Chicken, Carmelized Onion, Black Beans, Avocado, Tomatillo Salsa): Our 2 friends both ordered this....again I had a few bites.....and was very happy with this as well.....nice n' smokey and good amount of sauce....but after a few bites I was bored. Churros: Above and beyond!! I do not eat desserts very often.....but I could've eaten these all day! Nice n' crispy on the outside....soft n' chewy on the inside....like a little plate of love.....mmmmmmm..... Service Considering the volume of people they have to deal with both the host and the cashiers were incredibly friendly, sweet and full of smiles.....which def helps take away the sting of having to wait in line for almost an hour. Ambiance Small and cozy....especially on a cold winter day. If the line wasn't so damn long all the time.....this would be a fantastic place to have lunch on a regular basis. It does get a little loud because it's such a small place but the general mood is happy and the volume adds to the charm. Overall I agree that they should just have a churro window set up.....I think it would cut down on the sit down table line and would make those little sticks of deliciousness more readily available to everyone! I was pretty damn impressed with food and like I said would def be a regular if it wasn't for the crazy lines......but even with those crazy lines....I will be back to get my torta on!
