Indie is just far enough away from me to be off my radar. If you're keeping score, that's about a mile and a half. I have very short radar. OK, that's not completely true, because it's right up the street from Moody's Pub, and I go to Moody's fairly frequently. But I have to make plans to go to Moody's -- I don't just end up there. And since I always thought of Indie as a sushi place, and since I'm not really a sushi fan. I never made plans to go there. Until last week. The secret of Indie -- not really a secret, since it's right in their name -- is that they're not just a sushi place. They serve Thai food and a handful of Japanese dishes (teriyaki, noodles) along with the sushi. So while my companion was enjoying her rolls, I could get down on some Thai delight. They also have a lunch special, which involves an entree, an appeteezer, and a soup or salad for around 8 bucks. Score. According to the Yelp stats, 64 of these reviews include the phrase "crab rangoon." Make that 65. These are not the thick, chewy rangoons you may be used to. Instead, they are delicate little crispy purses of cream cheese goodness. I will take it on faith that there is crab in there. But crab or not, they are tasty. I also had cucumber salad -- standard -- and drunken noodles. The menu describes this dish as having "the sensation of hot chili." Rather than actual hot chili I suppose, because the dish was not hot at all. It was, however, very fresh and flavorful. Then there was this appetizer... They call it "asparagus gold," and in addition to the asparagus, there's bacon and shrimp, all wrapped up and fried like a sinful little eggroll. Mmmmm. I liked Indie well enough that I ordered delivery from them within the week. I am hesitant to order noodles for delivery, because you never know what you're going to get, but I had heard good things about the pad thai, so I gave it a try. It was delivered it pretty good shape; i.e not a clumpy mess. The panang curry was good, too -- it's always nice to see something in the dish other than sauce, chicken, and rice. The fish cakes broke my heart. I love the fish cakes, and these were small, dry, and flavorless. *sigh* Here's the upshot: I started this review ranking Indie as four stars, and after writing the review have knocked it down to three. It's a cute little spot, and dining there was a good experience. I would gladly go back to meet people for lunch or dinner. But the only thing I ate that really bowled me over was the asparagus appetizer. They do a good job, and I can see why people like it. But I'm not going to be dragging my friends there, and four stars deserves at least that.
