Huge fan of this place, but all the other reviewers are right... get there early! My husband and I had read about the long waits so we arrived at 8:50am (they open at 9am) and there was already a line of people forming. When the doors opened it was a bit chaotic but I guess that's to be expected when people don't really follow the rules of a line (that's a whole different topic). When we got in we were seated right away at a nice table for two. The server was very attentive although seemed a bit impatient when we asked for time to review the menu. This was our first time here so we had a lot of things to consider. She was never rude and was always very kind. Once we narrowed down our choices, we asked her for some recommendations and she was great with explaining the dishes and giving her personal thoughts. My husband and I both ordered off their specials menu and we shared the Red Velvet pancakes because I couldn't resist trying them. I had an omelet with chorizo, avocado, cheese and potatoes... who wouldn't love that? I certainly did although the portion size was out of control. My husband had a variation of the french toast (can't remember the exact name) but it was somewhat of a french/citrus bread with delicious sauce. The only thing that wasn't perfect and kept me from a 5 star rating was that it took a VERY long time to get our food. The tables next to us (6 top and 2 top) were seated at the same time and ordered at the same time and they were completely finished with their meals and paying by the time we got our food. They then brought my husband's plate and our Red Velvet pancakes but said mine would be out shortly. My husband finished his plate and we finished the pancakes before my plate came. Normally, this would be a huge downfall in my book, but the food, atmosphere and server were all wonderful so I guess that makes up for this little blip in the morning. I'm not sure if it was because we ordered off their specials menu or if our order got lost in the shuffle, but either way... it did take a while. The only advice I have for our server (who was delightful) is that an apology would have been nice. Not looking for anything free, just an acknowledgment that something didn't go right. So... Food - OUTSTANDING.  Service - wonderful (food coming out slow is not her fault).  Red Velvet pancakes - INCREDIBLE! We will definitely be back soon!
