Authenticity, extraordinary quality, enthusiasm and sincere appreciation of your patronage--the reasons why Spacca Napoli is among my favorite restaurants in the City of Chicago. And...a damn fine pizza pie, the likes of which I have experienced only in the shadows of Rome's pantheon. For an authentic taste of true Neapolitan-style pizza and to experience a true original in the city of Chicago -- Spacca came early in the wave of these woodfire pizza joints -- I skip the scores of impostors and take friends to Jonathon Goldsmith's masterpiece of pizzerias. Goldsmith has perfected the art. Crusts are thin, tasty and rich with perfectly semi-charred heals. Ingredients are fresh, the bufala mozzarella so creamy and juicy, the sauces phenomenal and the choice exceptional. I always recommend going with friends and preparing yourself to share. Order a white pizza, order a red pizza, make sure you get something with the bufala and get a chance to experience their lovely prosciutto di parma. Appetizers also consistently blow my mind. Something as simple as a grilled marinated vegetable plate comes so full flavor and perfect when set atop their crusty bread and tasty olive oil. I'm losing my mind. After another great experience this last weekend, I know now not to go elsewhere for dessert. I'm a Scooters guy, but the gelati at Spacca is downright evil. Hazelnut is creamy, soft and addicting. They had a chocolate gelato this weekend that had flecks of spicy peppers in it! Unreal, spicy like a chocolate gingersnap, and delicious! Finally, the zabaglioni was truly indulgent, smooth and heavenly. Beyond it all is a sense that this place prides itself of tradition, excellence and faithfulness to customers and to the art of Neapolitan style pizza. Jonathon wanders the floor, checks in on customers and is always excited to share his insights and learnings. This weekend, while we waited outside for walk-in seating, he stepped outside and greeted guests with samples of a new smoked cheese and friendly conversation. Midway through dinner, he served complimentary bowls of pasta to tables--just to try something new! He seems to do something special like this each time I stop in. His staff share the same friendly demeanor. Peak into the open kitchen and his people welcome you in to view their beautiful imported wood-fire oven (pretty cool!). This kind of business wins customers for life. I would honestly wait an hour and a half to be seated for, what I think, is the best thin pizza I've ever had. Grilled vegetables, the Bianca con Bufala e Rucola (White pizza with bufala mozzarella, arugula, basil and olive oil) and a crisp glass of white wine is my idea of heaven in Chicago.
