It's been a foodie dream of mine to go to a Rick Bayless restaurant for quite a while. Last weekend Alisha and I were downtown for our anniversary and got to have lunch at Xoco in the River North neighborhood of Chicago. The food is a nod to Mexican street food. If Topolo pampers and Frontera dances, then XOCO rocks. Though the word is Mexican slang for "little sister" (from the ancient Aztec language), there's nothing little about XOCO's big, bold Mexican marketplace flavors. Open early, late and closed on Sundays and Mondays, this quick-service cafe from Rick and Deann Bayless proffers contemporary expressions of Mexico's most beloved street food and snacks: hot-from-the-fryer churros and flaky empanadas; frothy Mexican hot chocolate (ground from Mexican cacao beans right in our front window!); warm, crusty tortas (Mexican submarine sandwiches); and made-to-order caldos (meal-in-a-bowl soups) that feature everything from roasted vegetables to seafood to pork belly. We got there early for lunch (about 10:50 am, they start to serve lunch at 11:00 am) which ended up being a good thing. By 11 there was a like almost out the door. The restaurant is set up like a fast casual restaurant where you order up front and your food in brought to you. The service was fast and polite. No complaints. I decided on the special of the day 'Goat Barbacoa: Oaxacan pasilla-tomato salsa, avocado, onions and cilantro' and Alisha got the 'Chicken Tinga: Gunthorp chicken, black beans, chipotle-roasted tomato sauce, pickled onions, avocado, queso anejo, arugula.' Both were priced around $10. We also ordered the 'Guacamole & Chips: Frontera guacamole, tomatillo salsa 3-chile salsa, just-made chips' and the bean-to-cup 'Aztec: fresh-ground chocolate + water + chile + allspice.'  The tortas were really amazing. The goat was tender, extremely flavorful and not gamy at all. The avocado and pasilla-tomato salsa was tangy and tart. Probibly in the top 3 best sandwiches I've ever had. The chicken was great as well. I rarely order chicken in a sandwich because I feel like they ofter fall short on flavor, not this one. It was like a party in your mouth (yep I said that). The bean-to-cup Aztec was like nothing I've ever eaten. It wasn't sweet (almost at all) but had insane depth of flavor. It was bitter, acidic, creamy and spicy. Their bean-to-cup menu is something everyone should try. The only disappointment I had was that I didn't try any of the soups. They looked so good! There's always next time though. Overall, I couldn't have been more happy with my visit to Xoco. It's on my short list of 'must try' casual food spots in Chicago. Now on to Fontera Grill!
