Never in my life have I been more disappointed by a bar or a dining experience. First off I know that I'm not the "regular clientele" that comes into Hopleaf, being that not I'm a hipster, but doesn't excuse horrible service. I was very excited to come to Hopleaf, mainly because the great Yelp reviews and the good word of mouth, but they changed my opinion of the bar very quickly. We were put in the corner of the dining room, which by its self would be ok, no big deal, but with a bunch of other seats open and other two person groups (read, hipsters) getting great seats it was a little annoying to be put in the corner and out of the way. There was a group of four gentlemen that came in about five minutes after my girlfriend and I and they actually got their food before we ever received our drinks. Once we were finally able to order (after more than 30 minutes of waiting without even ordering our drinks) we never saw the waitress again, she didn't even bring our food out or ask us if we were ok, until the very end to tell us the kitchen was now closed. When the food finally came out, it was very greasy and mostly burnt. The fries looked nothing like the ones in the picture provided on Yelp, they were all burnt and I was only able to find about 8 of them that would even pass for edible. My sandwich, the Brisket Sandwich, was actually pretty good, in any other circumstance I would've been happy on it, but with the poor service, and the fact that everything else was either burnt to a crisp or grease soaked, the entire evening was ruined. They waitress couldn't even get the check right, my girlfriend had to go give it to her so we could finally pay and leave, because after dropping it off she had to go flirt with the kitchen staff so was way to busy to let us pay and leave. I was very excited about going to The Hopleaf so my hopes may have been too high, but my girlfriend had never heard of it and she was just as disgusted as I was. Not only will I never go back, I will strongly suggest for anyone I know to stay away as well.
