Cocktails are great! Food is so so! Atmosphere is the Winner! Spent the night out with the family, 11 of us and my 10 month old niece, we enjoyed a trip round the river looking at the great Chicago architecture. Then off to the Gage where after being seated and ordering drinks, a makers mark Manhattan for me which was perfect. We perused the menu which can be a little confusing, it's laid out in courses though the first course is a "snacks" course meant to be ordered with drinks, the second course is the appetizer course and the third course is a salad course; with the fourth as the entree course. My family is quite traditional when it comes to their tastes, so to no surprise the table was littered with Burgers and Fish and chips. I tried everything and thought the burgers were flavorless, as if they took the ground beef, pan fried it and served as is. The fish and chips were nice and flaky and the fires were perfect. We also tried the brie fondue which was forgettable and the mussels weren't anything special. Hits of the evening include the Caramelized Lobster which tasted absolutely decadent, Sweet and savory in a Lemon Quinoa. So yummy I could eat three orders and be happy! Also the Braised Rabbit Salad with crisp rice, spicy robiola lettuce and a very light Horseradish vinaigrette. The rabbit was cooked perfectly and the flavors were exceptional. This was a waitress recommended dish and she also recommended the Elk which I regretfully didn't get. Also tried the Duo of Sausages, the lamb and garlic was quite yummy, Baked Door County Whitefish, Roasted Amish Chicken which was very similar to other peasant style chicken dishes I've had, Duck Rillettes and Smoked Haddock Cake and all were tasty.  The restaurant is gorgeous! The green brick length tiled and black trimmed walls are stunning as well as the restroom and the downstairs cocktail room would be perfect for any party. Although our server was very good a server from a neighboring table insisted on talking to my sister while my niece slept on her shoulder. This conversation about his own child ended up waking up my niece which was inevitable since he was talking right into my nieces face. RUDE! But all in all the place is worth checking out,
