Our dinner at Sprout was disappointing. Some of the dishes had technical flaws, some were just conceptually bad and doomed to fail. We started with "Seaweed" and "Foie Gras". The seaweed course was mussels, tuna, sirloin (yes, beef), and various other items with a seaweed broth poured over everything tableside. This dish needed some editing, plain and simple. The foie gras course consisted of a foie gras mousse inside a cannoli shell, foie gras torchon, figs and beets. The torchon was delicious but the cannoli was super thick and nearly impossible to eat. You couldn't taste anything but fried shell. For our second courses we chose "Duck" and "Venison". The duck was the most straightforward presentation all night and was probably the most successful, despite being slightly overcooked. My venison was undercooked, placed on a lumpy bed of smashed chestnuts, and surrounded by an intensely sweet sauce which appeared to be some reduction of pan juices and berries, with a pound of sugar added. It was hard to get through. The butternut squash soup intermezzo was very nice, it had good consistency and bright flavor. We found the "cheese" course bizarre, however. I know they are going for a playful atmosphere, but a grilled cheese sandwich dripping with onions made no sense as a transition from entree to dessert. It was the richest thing we ate all night, blowing out our palates with salt and fat. For dessert we chose "Apple" and "Lime". The apple dessert was an apple & bacon crepe, with root beer dust and toffee brittle. Delicious but slightly heavy. The lime dessert was cheesecake with various accompanying gels and foams. The cheesecake was grainy and the accompaniments weren't strongly flavored enough to cut through the fat of the cheesecake. It was a bland mess. I'm still giving them three stars for effort and presentation. There is clearly a lot of skill in the kitchen, the plates are all beautiful and very unique. The atmosphere of the restaurant is nice and the wine list has some interesting choices at decent prices. They really just need to edit down most of the menu and focus on the basics a little bit more.
