I booked a room at the Hyatt for my girlfriend's birthday. Even though we're from Chicago and we actually don't live that far away from the Hyatt, I still thought it'd be a nice thing to do. And of course, I could partly be blame for the room, because in general, Priceline has been consistent in giving me high quality hotels. For example, I got a stay at the Fairmont last year and for the most part, that hotel was fantastic.  The Hyatt though? For the price that I paid, it was nothing spectacular. For the price that I paid + having to listen to cars and trucks rumble along lower Wacker/Columbus for the night? Absolutely horrid. I'll try to point out some of the highlights and shortcomings here - categorically, per usual. Location: 5 out of 5 Can't really beat it if you're a tourist. Conveniently located and within walking distance to multiple attractions. Cabs and shuttles know where it is too so if you're flying in, you won't be stuck trying to explain where it is. Customer Service: 3 out of 5 Caveat here. You know who the friendliest people were at this hotel? The people working the front door either greeting guests as they arrived, or hailing the cabs.  I really didn't get a good feel from anyone else working at the hotel. They all seemed preoccupied with something else, and honestly, I really didn't care since it was only for one night.  Even the automatic check in kiosk was disappointing. I ALWAYS go for the kiosks if they're available because it saves me time and I don't have to wait for any doofuses. This kiosk though - wow, slow as dirt. It may be the one time when checking in with the actual people behind the desk would have been faster. Anyway. Quality of Room: 3 out of 5 No real complaints - spacious, comfortable, boutique'ish toiletries. Like I mentioned earlier, if you get stuck facing the wrong way, you'll hearing cars and trucks rumbling throughout the night. Since I'm a pretty heavy sleeper, I didn't notice it too much, but if you're trying to watch TV, it can be a real pain in the ass. Price: 3 out of 5 Sure, I Priceline'd it, but honestly, I expected just a little bit more than what was offered. Before you comment and say, "It's a great hotel, look at all the amenities!" hear me out. When you really strip away everything that overwhelms you when you first walk in and look at it piecewise instead of as one big picture - you'll be underwhelmed. Glass ceilings, little pond with fountains, an "open aired" dining area, the escalators - get past all of that and when you do, the hotel becomes above average and not any more than that. Overall: 3 out of 5 I guess bidders can't be choosers. Not a terrible hotel, but not really anything to write home about either. Unless you're here on yelp.
