Where should I begin?....The food, The service or the Waitstaff?? (all equally bad if I may add). Sunday was my first and last time there. I made the mistake of taking my father there to celebrate Father's Day. When we arrived it took about 10 minutes to get cold stale chips and unflavored salsa. Then our waitress did not even introduce herself to us, she just simply came up to us and said "You ready order"? I am familiar with Mexican food, but I always ask how things are prepared, so when I asked her she looked at me like I was speaking another language. Granted her english was not great, but she really looked like she was confused, she was a bit on the old side so maybe she did not hear me so well either. So I just said forget it, just give me the steak burrito with no beans, to play it safe (so I thought). Well when I get my burrito, I cut it in half to discover that there was chicken and steak with beans. Mistakes happen so I asked if I could just get a new one. My girlfriend and my father ordered tacos. My girlfriends tacos did not look appealing at all. She also asked for no tomatoes or onions and sent them back. When our food arrived for the second time, my burrito looked half the size it first had and was semi-cold. However, what I thought was the worst was that my girlfriends tacos looked like they had just picked the tomatoes and the onions off, because there were little tomato bits left on there. That is disgusting! Needless to say she did not eat them, and gave up on trying to comunicate with the waitress. No manager ever walked around to ask if everything was ok either. I would understand them brining stale chips 10 minutes after we had been seated, rushing us to order and even not getting a visit from the manager, IF they had been busy, which they were not. Instead I could see all the waitstaff congregating by the kitchen door and the cash register talking and laughing. After our food was brought out our waitress never came back to check on us untill we flagged her down for the bill. Like I said earlier, that was my first time there and sadly my last. I was extreamly dissapointed with their service and their food. I read some great reviews, which was what led me there in the first place. Maybe I was ther on an off day and it really is a great place to eat. Unfortunatly I left with a very sour taste from Garcia's which will not let me come back to give them another try. BAD Service and not that great food is not a good combination. Too bad that was my Dad's experience for Father's Day. Maybe next year I'll stick to what I know instead of being adventurous!! Too Bad for some of the rave reviews they got, they are very missleading to newcomers, I should have read all of them and seen the bad ones too! The Garcia's need a few tips on running a restaurant and a kitchen if you ask me. No people skills whatsoever! Never again!
