This review is based on several visits by me, accompanied by the husband and/or a daughter. The decor is awsome---the chandelier/art sculpture by the front door is made from beer bottles---some walls have been made from barrel staves---the light fixtures appear inspired by the metal holding barrels together----a restored tin ceiling----and a beautiful hand carved bar with upright fists----Revolution! The attention to detail is wonderful. I enjoyed the waiting area near the front with the working fireplace as well. Beer----Yes---they brew their own as well as serve that of other breweries. I've tried and love the Black Power Oatmeal Stout as well as the Coup d'Etat. The husband and younger daughter enjoy the Bottom Up Belgian Wit. We've tried their other brews with mixed results. Iron Fist Pale Ale was so-so. Cross of Gold was not worth a 2nd try. We haven't tried the Workingman Mild. I really hope that they offer more dark beers, stouts, porters, etc. They brew their own right where you can observe the process. They also have an extensive selection of other fine brews, as well as an impressive spirits list and wines. Food Menu---- Appetizers, Salads & Soup, Sandwiches, Pizza, Entrees--- Lots of red meat offerings that sounded good. A varying cheese plate and a varying sausage plate are available as appetizers (I haven't tried-not heart healthy). Mussels are listed under appetizers (2 versions---I haven't tried yet). A choice of 4 different kinds of bruscetta---the husband & I tried the Roasted cauliflower, white bean, arugula, lemon-infused oil and the Roasted beet, belgian endive & goat cheese varieties and liked both. The younger daughter & husband tried the sweet potato cakes (Ginger, garlic & curry spices with roasted red pepper yogurt) & I tasted them----very good. The husband & I have shared the Mustard Herb chicken with Fontina cheese, arugula and roasted garlic sandwich twice---delicious & worth having more than once. With sandwiches, you get a choice of Hand cut frites (not sampled), or garlic cream cheese mashed potatoes (husband & I liked-younger daughter rated as just so-so), or blue cheese potato salad (husband & I both like this option-it is my favorite side of the 3). The elder daughter, husband & I have all eaten the Cremini mushroom with Goat cheese bchamel, tarragon, truffle oil pizza (the husband & I both liked it very much-the elder daughter said it was so-so) . The husband & I have shared the Italian Seitan with Cremini mushroom, basil, smoked tomato sauce pizza and did not like it. I had the Beluga Lentils, Quinoa & Winter Vegetables with Sauted brussel sprout, turnip, parsnip, roasted carrot ginger sauce, almonds entree and loved it (the elder daughter had a taste and really liked this dish). I have had the Rapini with Fontina cheese, roasted garlic, basil, tomato sauce pizza and loved it (caution---rapini is quite bitter and not everyone cares for it). The wait staff is attentive and they know the menu and can suggest good options. Only one wait person was ignorant in our 5-6 visits. The host persons are terrific. They all are well trained and pay attention to the customers' needs. I dropped a fork and a host noticed as she was passing by and immediately brought a replacement set up from the host stand. We've come here for late lunch following cardiac rehab and have not had a problem with street parking (plus there was no wait for a table for 2). Sunday and Saturday nights you must wait (as long as an hour) but they are VERY WELL organized and keep everyone straight and know who you are and where you are (I think they write notes to themselves when you sign in). I recommend this place. In the evenings, it is very noisy, but in the afternoons, it is possible to converse easily. It is about 1/2 block north from the Blue Line California station.
