I was with a group of men who decided to dine at the Greek Islands one evening after a Cubs game. Most of us had been to the restaurant before, but the guy who usually takes us to Greek Islands was not with us. The menu... it was all Greek to me and to everyone else at the table. The guys were kind of overwhelmed at the size of the menu. No one at the table knew what to order and no one wanted to read several pages of food item descriptions. So they turned to me and told me to order for everyone. Uhhh, ummm... okay... I looked down at the menu and the first thing I saw was "Family Style Dinner" for $19.95 per person. No sooner had a muttered those words (I thought I was muttering to myself) when our waiter repeated "Family Style" and scribbled it on his order pad. I guess that's what we're doing, I mused to myself. I looked up at the other guys and asked what anyone wanted for appetizers and entrees. Apparently I was speaking Greek to them, because they all just stared blankly at me. The only thing anyone knew to say was "Saganaki" and "Lamb". Gladly, our server went through our options (rather quickly) and I just started picking things at random. We ended up with Skordalia (smooth garlic potato spread), Saganaki (flaming Greek cheese), Athenian Salad (basic salad with tomatoes, two Greek olives, and a small square of feta cheese), sliced lamb, Tzatziki (yogurt, cucumber and garlic spread), and bread. For our four entree choices, I picked Keftedes (beef and lamb meatballs), Sliced Roast Leg of Lamb, Chicken Riganati (baked chicken), Spanakotiropita (spinach and feta cheesed baked in filo dough). Included were two sides (Rice pilaf and Potatoes). Everything was great and we were stuffed when we finished! Five hungry men, but we still didn't finish everything. In particular, I loved the Spanakotiropita (spinach and feta). The Athenian Salad was kind of ordinary. The Skordalia was quite potent with garlic and very good. We ordered a bottle of the house wine (red) with dinner, which was just okay according to the wine connoisseur in our group. And then coffee and dessert came... - Baklava (sweet pastry with of layers of filo and filled with chopped nuts, sweetened with honey) which was definitely sweet and tasty. The pastry was kind of tough to cut through. - Galaktoburiko (lemon flavored baked custard on filo, cut into squares) which was relatively light and not too sweet. Karidopita (Greek walnut cake) which was also very good. So if you end up at the Greek Islands Restaurant with a small group of friends and have no idea what to order, just go for the Family Style meal and start choosing your options. Chances are that you'll find something good for everyone.
