Could not have been better. I had bookmarked Geja's Cafe on my Yelp a couple weeks ago. My boyfriend had never tried fondue (!?) and I was curious to see what else was out there beyond Melting Pot. At over 500 reviews, I was very curious to go here. "I want to try fondue sometime!" "OK how about tonight we do fondue?" "If your plans fall through, want to get fondue?" My boyfriend said all of those and we still hadn't gone. Then the other day I saw a Groupon for Geja's. Sold! By the time I noticed it, their $25 for $50 was sold out, so I opted for the $30 for $60 worth of fondue and wine, a better choice in the end. So, parking around here is difficult to find. If you can't, I saw a parking garage near the PNC (I forget the street), and Geja's will valet for $10. Upon walking in, we were warmly greeted and given the option to check our coats (Free!). As many of the reviews say, this place is ro-man-TIC! Small, cozy, dimly-lit...I personally love that. Combined with the flamenco guitar player taking me back to my days of living in Spain, and I was already ready for a great dinner. I chose to have a glass of the Spanish rioja while the BF got some African sweet shiraz. After two glasses, I went to the bathroom. There's a step, so when I stepped out, I fell out. The bartender was chatting with a server and they totally judged me...so be warned! Anyway on to the food. I was starving, but we chose to do the cheese and chocolate fondue. You're started with a salad, and when we finished that, they set up the cheese fondue. I was stuffed halfway through. You get apples, grapes and two types of bread. When we were nearly done, they offered to bring us more to eat - we got more apples. Already full, we moved on to chocolate. DELISH. You get marshmallows, the first of which they start to roast campfire-style and give you crushed graham cracker crumbs to make your own modern s'mores. You also get bananas, strawberries and pound cake. I had to be rolled outta there. Sign up for their e-mails and you'll get $25 off for the next time you visit. Also, our server was a doll. I believe her name was Tracy? I can't wait until to go back! The BF said he wants to try their full dinner but honestly, I don't know if I could eat that much unless I pace myself...and when it's that delicious, it sure is hard to pace yourself!
