One word, WOW! Our dinner was fantastic before we even got in the door and I didn't know it. I hate eating in Chicago, not because of the food, but it's just such a pain parking even with a valet. The valet here asked us how long we plan to stay. I'd never been asked that before. I had no clue why that was important. He guessed about two hours and my wife agreed. It was only after that I found why that was important. Two hours and ten fantastic minutes later, we came out expecting to wait 20 minutes before we finally got our car. The valet came back from parking another car and gave us our keys. He already had the car parked around the corner. Now that is top notch service. Painless parking aside, the food was awesome. Oysters Rockefeller were some of the best I've had. My wife and I agreed, the French Onion soup, bar none was the best we've had in Chicago. If french onion soup is on the menu, we order it. So we have had a lot of them. I order one of the bone in steaks. Came exactly as I expected which is a nice surprise. Most cooks in US America seem to think medium rare is means blue or pink inside, this one was right in between as it should be,  point. My wife had her Chilean Sea Bass which was cook perfectly. She also instead on creamed Spinach as a side. Note: all portions are really meant for two or more. I really, really don't like cooked spinach, but I ate it and actually didn't hate it. I think that is a high compliment. My only knock against the place, it's dark. I mean really dark. When I walked in people were welcoming me on my way to the table. I couldn't make out anyone's face. It was a little better at the table. I could read my menu well enough, but the wait staff shouldn't have to carry flash lights. On my way out, if the waiter had said farewell, I would never have know I was passing right by him. My final thought on it, we will definitely go back. p.s. I can't believe I forgot about my dessert. I had the Cheese Cake. The Cheese Cake Factory needs change their name. Their $7 cheese cake isn't even close to this $10 of awesomeness. It was like biting into creamiest sweetest slice of perfection. I now have to stop there every time I pass by just for the cheese cake. I may have to take the 60 mile long way home tomorrow.
