Call me cheap but i thought this place was PERFECT!!! Went on vacation with two girl friends of mine and stayed here in June (the most expensive month to vacation) and got the room at $95 per night. Why in the world would you go on vacation to this AMAZING city of Chicago and then want to stay in your hotel room?!  That just boggles my freaking mind!!!  I am no Bougie-Suzie, so this hotel fit me like a glove..  When I'm on vacation the amount of time I spend in my hotel room is close to none.  I want to be out and about, and only return to my hotel room in such a drunken stupor that I can give two rats asses about if the sheets are 200billion thread count. WHO CARES?!  I'm gonna knock the eff out anyways. Wake up and then do it all over again. A hotel, while on vacation, is only a place for me to sleep in.  As long as the place is safe enough for me to not sleep with my shank tucked underneath my pillow - then I'm all in. For the rate we got this room, i think it was absolute perfection compared to the rates you'll get at other hotels that are right smack in the middle of downtown Chicago. The location is amazing. Walking distance to EVERYTHING. With Grant Park, Millennium Park, Warehouse Liquors, Buddy Guy's Legends, immediate public transportation access, Lou Malnati's and a 24hr Dunkin' Donuts to feed your post-club drunken debauchery right next door; just to name a couple of things you are adjacent to this hotel. A mere 5 minute cab ride away from anything you want to go to in the city.  This hotel is a STEAL!  The staff were good sports. Especially when my group strolled in around 5:30am just looking a drunken hot mess with left over Rock N Roll McDonald's bags at hand.  I'm sure everyone at front desk got a good laugh watching us make a dent in that city.  ^-^ The staff laughed at all our sarcastic jokes and there was always someone around kind enough to take us on the frate elevators when the regular ones were busy. LOVE THEM! Deal-tastic for those who like a great steal! (ME!!) But Bougie-Suzies BEWARE - this place just isn't your cup of afternoon tea.
