Me and my wife went last night for the first time to Little Bucharest Bistro.Before ordering, the waitress talked to us a little bit and asked a few questions, giving me the impression that she was doing so to know our nationality and that way figure out which menu to give us? It was really confusing, she had like 5 different menus. I bet this was difficult for her since I am latin and my wife Italian. Apparently they have a menu for russians, romanians and other type of nationalities, could this be considered racism? Kind of reminded me when black people weren't allowed in 'white people' restaurants.The host (owner, we think) was very friendly, maybe a little too friendly ...to the point where we didn't know if we had better offer him a chair to sit with us since he liked to talk to us even through our meal. A bit annoying to be honest. Although the description of the place on yelp says ' Noise Level: Quiet' , we found it to be very loud. Live music and the owner throwing-breaking glasses and plates on the flour (like a Greek would do, but we are in Romania?) made it very difficult to enjoy a date with my wife, we almost couldn't hear each other speak.After deciding what we were having for dinner the food started to come out.We shared a 'ceviche' that according to the description on the menu was marinated with cilantro, orange and lime juices... had red pepper confit and was served with pita chips.Now, this ceviche was absolutely out of this world. Probably the best I've had and I am latin, I know about ceviches.For the main course, my wife ordered 'Sarmale' (pork and beef stuffed cabbage rolls, served with creamy polenta and 'creme fraiche') The 'creme fraiche' part made me laugh, they gave us sour cream instead of the french silky-smooth REAL creme fraiche. But ok, them thinking we didn't know about food didn't ruin our night.The stuffed cabbage was really delicious but we thought it was a bit too greasy.I had the short rib goulash. It came with chewey gnocchi (really nothing special) and the 'sauce' was more of a stew-like thing. Was good but it tasted like canned tomatoes to me. Nothing fresh. It was an ok dish.Overall we are not big fans of this place. Funny enough the only thing me and my wife really really liked was the only thing that didn't seem to be 'Romanian' at all.The waitress was excellent, very helpful and friendly. Oh and one last thing that I thought was devastating, with the check came an envelope that suggested we leave a tip for the band playing music. We felt almost offended by this. Very tacky.
