My absolute favorite brunch spot in Chicago :)) I discovered Yolk (which is a four letter Y word btw!!!) about 3 years ago and have been going probably 3-4 times yearly, since... and I've never had a bad experience! Service is great, and surprisingly fast despite the fact that the dining room is usually packed on weekends when I go. NOTE: You will have to wait ~30 mins or so, if you try to go on a weekend during normal brunch hours--the front of the restaurant will be packed with people waiting to eat. But they're very good about this and they actually estimate the times properly (ie if they say 30 mins, it'll be about 30 mins... not like at Grand Lux where 30 mins is actually 2 hours) First of all, their pancakes are AMAZINGLY fluffy and just delicious in a way that makes me love them (even though I usually shy away from plain pancakes). They come as sides for many dishes, or you can order them as your entree. The potato pancakes are quite good, too. But, of course, the crowning glory of this place is the eggs! (Obviously, the place is called Yolk... ie egg yolk... inside eggs...). Their omelets are giant in a way I've never seen in a restaurant--and absolutely packed throughout with fresh ingredients. (No flabby greasy flat eggs here, folks). And if you don't like eating lots of egg yolks, (ie diet, cholesterol problems, etc), you can substitute for egg beaters or whites for FREE. Whoohoo! Their eggs benedict are also very good--they have a few varieties (ie normal, Irish w/ corned beef hash, etc) and I think over the course of my visits, I've tried all of them and they were all very tasty :) By the way, the walls are painted YELLOW and BLUE which makes the restaurant feel oh-so-happy for weekend mornings. Nothing wakes me up better than Yolk!!! Parking is iffy, since it is South Loop... Yolk does validate 2 hrs for $8ish but I'm not sure where the lot is (haha). There is quite a bit of street parking scattered around the block, if you go early in the morning (kinda around the entrance to the Best Western which is on the corner of the block)
