I had been to GE years ago, before there was a tasting menu. I was a little nervous going into the experience there because of some of the hit-or-miss reviews, but I can't complain a bit about the food - it was fantastic! My first piece of advice - DINE A LA CARTE. We were a party of 6, and it was explained to us that we had the option to go a la carte, or with a tasting menu but that all of us had to get the same tasting (15, 10 or 5) - I'm not positive that's a hard and fast rule, but we quickly ruled that out as an option - we all have very different dining preferences. We ordered appetizers and entrees, and the server, after noting that we had 3 caesar salads and 2 pumpkin soups ordered, gave us a great suggestion - to do a tasting course of the salads and soups for everyone at the table, keep the other two a la carte apps ordered as 'table orders', and then all get individual entrees. That suggestion made the meal! It was a perfect way to sample a lot of things, but only the things that appealed to us. Here is a breakdown: FOOD - Caesar salad, as everyone has said, was good. Solid flavor, and the mascarpone crouton was delicious. We had the tasting portion and as others have noted, it was totally odd that it arrived on a giant plate, but whatever - that's how all their tasting courses come. - Soup (Pumpkin) was fantastic. I am not the biggest fan of pumpkin, and this is one of the best soups I have ever had! Great balance of salty (from the pepinos) and sweet ... the marshmallows are to die for. This is definitely a must-do on the menu - Mochi - I would never have ordered this but I LOVED it. There were 3 asian-inspired, dumpling-like offerings - fig, chestnut and ricotta/honey - they were all fantastic and well-worth trying. - Lobster Risotto - cooked perfectly, just a bit to much of that sea taste for my preference; others liked it. - I ordered the PORK. It was hands-down the best entree at the table. Tender, juicy, with a subtle coffee and plantain flavor - really superb. - I tasted the scallop and swordfish entrees. I am not a fan of scallops, but these were delicious and perfectly cooked. The swordfish was probably the biggest fail of the night, and not because it was bad, but because it was average. The flavors were not balanced as well on on the plate. - We shared the chocolate dessert, and were highly unimpressed. Just not worth it. Besides, after having the dinner, you really don't feel like dessert anyway! Overall, great experience. The unique flavors totally trick your brain into thinking you are full by the time you get to the 2nd tasting course - really phenomenal job. One note - they were no longer doing the popcorn. Total bummer. I don't know if they felt it was getting too gimmicky or people were just filling up on it. Instead they offer tiny rosemary popovers, which were good, but not compared to the popcorn!; and a tiny bread course - ours was a miniature version of a loaf with goat cheese butter and persimmon glaze - again, amazing but not the popcorn. I'd like to see them offer a choice of bread or popcorn for the table. SERVICE From the time we arrived the staff was friendly and casual. I felt very comfortable the entire experience. Our table setting was a bit odd - we were 6, and half the table was up against a large curtain with the kitchen or dish washers behind it - kind of annoying at first, but quickly overshadowed by the great food and service. We were a bit of a rowdy bunch, and our server handled us perfectly - he was super professional and informative, offered us several options, and also had a sense of humor with our group. Again, top notch service. My suggestion is to definitely check this place out - the innovation of food and friendly service are worth it - but go a la carte and get what you want so you leave happy!
