We came here over the weekend with friends. Mu husband had eaten here a few weeks earlier for his birthday dinner with his friends. He suggested skipping the Prix Fixe menu (he had the Tasting) and just ordering the best dishes. He felt the Tasting wasn't worth the $75. So our party of 4 agreed. Our server was very friendly and liked to use the word "sexy". When I asked for a nonalcoholic drink, he said, I'll bring you something sexy...you'll love it. He brought me something that tasted like a mojito-I'll call it a faux-jito, which I did enjoy :) We started munching away on our truffled Parmesan popcorn. My friend, who hates onions of all kinds, made a face when he saw it was covered with scallions. The waiter saw right away and brought a non-scallioned one out, just for him. My friend was very happy. They gave us an amuse bouche of watermelon gazpacho. It was weird. We ordered the foie gras lollipops, which isn't on the menu but my hubby said we should try it. It was very fun to eat, with the pop crackles, sweet and salty taste. It wasn't very "foie gras-y", more on the very heavy creamy-side with just a taste of foie gras. We all got the Caesar Salad, which we all liked. I noticed that the tasting portion def had a smaller crouton/twinkie and just one bit of lettuce than the a la carte order. Next my friends split the wagyu tartare and I had a shrimp appetizer. They liked the tartare. The shrimp was a more fancy version of a sweet and sour fried shrimp. Tasty but nothing "new." It was $15 for just 2 pieces so quite small portions. Next we had our entrees. A friend and I ordered the pork belly, the other 2 had the halibut. I was excited, until I moved the fried egg and uncovered 4 small pieces of pork belly. Really, so small? The pork was flavored with chorizo and some pork belly foam? the puffed hominy was yummy, and reminded me of tamales. So overall a "latin" inspired dish. My friend's halibut was ok but I thought it was a bit dry. They liked it though. Finally, we ended with the flourless cake, split by the four of us. It was ok, nothing special. I didn't like that ice cream that came with it. Reminded me of cough syrup. Overall, we paid around $95 including drinks and tip pp. Not bad, and I think a better value than the tasting. I would maybe come back once or twice more, but not likely if the menu is the same.
