LOVELY! This place is known to be the most romantic spot in the city. They brag about it on the website, I've heard others mention it, and as we walked up a group of people walking by said the same. Seems tried and true. And I agree. My boyfriend and I went here recently to celebrate an anniversary. He made the plans and reso. Needless to say, I was delighted with his choice. When we sat at the table they already had a "happy anniversary from Geja's" card on the table which was a nice touch. The server and staff were very curteous and friendly but definitely made sure to give you your space. They had a Spanish guitarist there playing live which sounded beautiful and was great mood music. All around great atmosphere. There was a table nearby where a couple had brought there two children who were junior high aged and I overheard one of the kids say that it was the "best night ever". That's impressive to get that out of a kid at a place like this. Big up's! On to the food. I love melted cheese. And melted chocolate. So they had me there. The app and dessert were both amazing!!! I will have to say the pound cake with the chocolate was a weird combination/texture for me. I couldn't hang. I loved the fruit with the cheese! Yum! When they first set the chocolate down they light it on fire and tell you you have two minutes till it dies out on its own. They are not lying. Its 2 min or less. So don't waste that precious time trying to take pics - cook your marshmallows!!! We were bummed that we didn't get to finish cooking all our mallows but alas, the fault was all our own. For the main course the server gives you a tutorial on how long everything needs to be cooked in the oil, which is very helpful. And they give you like 8 sauces! All delish!! My boyfriend was so excited with all the possibilities and how hands on it was. He was like a kid in a candy store. He got so excited he stabbed himself witha skewer!  It is a wonderful spot. I absolutely loved it and can't wait to go back!
