I love steak so I definitely wanted to try this place out. However I was a little worried about the reviews that said the steak was bland. I think I have that figured out. They told me that their steak was wet aged. Dry aged steak has the intense flavor, so compared to dry aged steak, yes, this was definitely blander. If that is a huge problem, then you should go somewhere with dry aged steak instead. So, I ordered their small rib eye, and a small portion of three side dishes: Brussel sprouts with pancetta, macaroni and cheese, and french fries.  Let's start with the steak, since that's the most important: It was cooked to a perfect medium rare like I ordered. That's good. Flavor wise, yes, it will not fool you into thinking it's dry aged. I am used to dry aged steak so it seemed bland to me too. They said there is a rub that they put on it, so next time I go (yes, there will be a next time soon) I will just ask for extra seasoning if I were to order a steak (which I probably won't).  For the side dishes: The brussel sprouts were awesome. The macaroni and cheese was bland and the noodles were a little over-cooked. The cheese that was melted on top is where all of the flavor was, and everything underneath really didn't have any at all. The french fries were awesome. The side dishes are a huge reason I want to go back. The other reason I would want to return is the desert. I had the butter cake, and it was awesome! For whatever flavor the steak lacked, the butter cake had it and then some! That dish is a 10, and I'm not a huge desert person at all. With every other steak house, I would look forward to the steak, and skip desert. Here, I think I would focus on everything else, but at least there's something to look forward to. I would also want to order the chocolate covered strawberries.  As far as the ambiance goes, it was pretty much empty at 5:30 on a Sunday night. Dark lighting, and elegant. The service was good, no complaints there.  So basically, the steakhouse scene in Chicago seems almost like Goldilocks and the three bears. This one kind of lacks in the steak department if you are used to the dry aged steaks, but the side dishes and deserts are too awesome to forget about. If steak and side dishes were of the up-most importance, David Burke's Prime House and N9Ne would be my choice. Mastro's is a huge desert place for me.
