I was in downtown Chicago again. Our Chicagoan buddy, D., took us here to pop our Deep Dish cherry. Not the band, fool, the Chicago staple that everybody raves about. We walk inside. Crazy. Every surface, ceiling included, is covered with graffiti. Not in the hip hop sense but in the tourist-truck stop-bathroom sense.  You can't fake this kind of stuff. I want to believe that this was at least a decade of customers coming in with their paint markers and doodling while they wait 45 minutes for their deep dish pizza. The cynical side of me thinks its two hours of 50 employees "decorating" the place with paint markers and knives until it looks somewhat authentic. The latter might be true because there is not one gang symbol or curse word found in our booth. On to the food. We split buffalo wings, a salad and a meat lovers deep dish pizza. We got the wings because we needed something to eat while we waited 45 minutes. I ordered a combo sandwich since I'm lactose intolerant and I was only going to have one slice.  The combo sandwich was average to my neophyte taste buds. However, the wings rocked! In hindsight, they were probably the best wings I had in Chicago, and yes, they were far better than the much-praised wangs at Buffalo Wild Wings. I'm a sucker for the coated and baked buffalo wings - and these fit the bill. They were meaty and the sauce had that buffalo wing taste you look for. I can't comment on the salad since I didn't have any. On to the killer... The Deep Dish pizza was good but not great. But then again, I gave up my pizza coinessuer card a long time ago. My buddies loved it so I take it that Chicago Deep Dish Pizza came as advertised. As another yelper put it, Deep Dish Pizza is pretty much lasagna with a thin crust, without the pasta. It's a cheesy delicious food world wonder that takes years off of your life. Ginos East did what it was supposed to do, whether the graffiti on the walls is authentic or not. We had a good time and good food. Yay for their buffalo wings!! The LOWDOWN Chicagoland Style!! Minus 1 and a half star for the less than spectacular combo sandwich. Yes, I know this is not their specialty. Plus half a star for the crazy graffiti and the slanted tiles on the bathroom. I would HATE to go in there drunk!! Plus 1 star for the deep dish pizza. Plus 2 stars for the awesome buffalo wings. (3.5 stars)
