Okay, I'm sorry. I don't like giving bad reviews, but this place was wayyyyyy over-rated. Or maybe my experience was just horrible... My friend and I were visiting the great city of Chicago and of course we had to try the famous Chicago style hot dog.  And of course we had to go to Hot Doug's.  So we literally took public transit for 30 minutes and walked another 20 minutes JUST to get there. (Okay, it took us 20 minutes to walk because my friend hurt her knee and I hurt my foot. Some random and unfortunate thing happened to us and we ended up limping wherever we traveled to in Chicago.) That's not the reason for the bad review. So we get there, we wait in line, and we order the first one (Chicago style) with everything on it. We try ordering the duck fat fries but alas, it's Saturday and no duck fat fries. Remember!! Go on a Thursday, you should confirm, but I think it's the day when they make the duck fat fries. Also!! They close at 4:00 pm! At least on the day we went, so we were literally rushing our way over (at 3:30) when a local told us that. The hot dog was an ordinary hot dog. I mean, I don't know, it didn't taste spectacular, and it was kind of small. I guess the price was decent, but I guess coming from LA we have those hot dog carts with a similar price but the hot dogs are bigger and tastier. That is why I took off 2 stars. For all the effort we put forth to go to this famous place, the food was just okay and the service wasn't even that nice. One star I took off was because I didn't feel like the owner was really all that friendly. Also, (and maybe you'll think this part for the star is unfair) I left my camera there in which I frantically called back the following day over and over because I had a flight to catch back home. The owner really didn't give a crap about my dismay and wasn't even willing to take my information down should they find the camera.  All and all, I guess it's a cool place to visit in Chicago. But don't have high expectations like we did.. I really didn't feel like it was worth all the wait.
