Ooooooh, the highly vaunted real deal: established Chicago deep-dish pizza. As a hats-off to how highly anticipated this meal was for me, I actually (kid you not) called and ordered the pizza while I was salivating on the L, timing the call so that when I arrived in Streeterville, I wouldn't have any wait to instantly sate my despicable, animal-like craving. To be denied no longer... no more waiting and looking at the calendar for when May was to come about.. no more ogling photos from the websites of Giordanos, Pizano's, Ginos, or Uno/Due...I had arrived. Their pizza is crazy, crazy heavy... heavy on the cornmeal crust that made me characterize it more like a polenta cakey thing than what I am accustomed to.... the thickest carpet of cheese known to man, and diced tomatoes with thin sauce on top. I ordered a veg as a concession to my conscience. But ay! mamacita,mira....! the whole experience was still quite heavy, despite the type of pizza ordered. Small pizza ran about $24 (uh, yeah, I typed that correctly), given Gino's reputation. Having had Zachary's chicago STYLE pizza here in the Bay for decades, I and my goblet cells that hail from the duodenal, jejunal, and ileal regions were overloaded and over everything. Luckily, I was able to score a suite at the hotel, and suites have kitchens, and kitchens have fridges.... after a slice and a bit, I had to close the show early. However, the following night, at like 0200, whipped that puppy back out and fired up the ol' oven, and had myself a perfect v late night snack with me, myself, and I (and a wonderful crisp root beer). Though had Giordanos and Pizanos on my list to try, got little scared of the deep dish bloat, and had to cross them off. Fast for a day, and you may just make it through the pie. digression of trivia: ain't it terribly fascinating how Fairbanks crosses and cuts through Streeterville? In Chicago's hx, Streeter and Fairbanks fought acrimoniously over who was to have the rights to the manmade filled-in lakeside luxury real estate. Streeter ostensibly won out, but Fairbanks will always be that perennial thorn.
