I would actually give this place 4.5 stars and I will most likely come back and edit this to 5 stars next time I go in because everything was great, except my sandwich. We got there at about 7pm on a Friday and asked for a table for 2. We had to about 5 minutes and then were seated at one for their high boys in the back. The place is really small on the inside and probably has 4 high boys and maybe 6 tables. There were surprisingly two big groups in there of 8 people in each and they seemed to be seated pretty comfortably. This place is BYOB so we brought wine with us (there is a corkage fee), but next time we go it will definitely be some kind of Mexican beer. Our waitress was great! She is the daughter of the owner and has been working there since the place opened 20 years ago. Since we had never had Costa Rican cuisine, she gave us ideas of what to get. We started off with the guacamole (asked for it spicy) to go along with our chips and salsa. The chips are different than you eat at other restaurants, but they were really good. They give you two types of salsas at the table a red and a verde (very spicy). The guac was great, but it was not chunky like fresh guac. For dinner, I had the Pepeto sandwich, which is steak with peppers, onions, muenster cheese and their terizo sauce. I also asked for avocados on top. The sandwich was really good, but would have been much better if they served it as opened-face with the cheese being the top layer because the bread was too much. My wife got their special that night of spinach and peppers. I have no idea how they cooked it or what else was in it, but I can best describe it to you as cooked, spinach, peppers and tomatoes cooked together in a tasy sauce and served with rice, beans and fried plantains. It was so delicious! We were pretty stuffed by the end, but we knew we had to try the oatmeal shake. We got it with the soy milk and it tasted exactly like rice pudding to me. It was good, but I think it would have been a lot better with milk. All in all, this place is great. If you are a vegetarian, there are several options for you and the rest of us meat-eaters should have no complaints. For the two of us, with what was ordered, it came out to $32 before tip. Not too bad!
