When in Rome" is the bf's fave saying when having to consume something he normally doesn't get. That means, pork at a relatives' house, or beer at a pizza dinner. It's just not for him. And for me, I share the same sentiments when it comes to beer, but here at Hopleaf, you HAVE to try their beer with the extensive line that they have on draft, and the bottled ones as well. I can't begin to tell you the first thing about beer. I came here for the mussels because of the numerous recommendations I've gotten, but hey, "When in Rome", I will try a beer. The server was patient and accommodating with making her suggestion. The menu was equally helpful, with its on-point description of each craft. I made my decision on the McAuslan St. Ambroise Oatmeal Stout, which was a thick malt with a chocolate taste. I figured with a rich chocolate flavor, you can't go wrong, and I sure didn't! It was a great tasting drink. The mussels came out in a medium sized pot, as we shared the "Mussels for Two". We chose the Belgian style which was marinated in ale, shallots, celery and thyme. Nicely flavored, but the only thing missing was a big heaping of garlic. Accompanying the mussels were a giant's serving size of shoestring fries with a garlic aioli dipping sauce. If any of your other entrees have fries, I'd suggest you order a side salad or onion rings in place of it, otherwise you're stuck with more than you'd bargained for.  The cod. Unassuming. Get this! Not at all a McDonald's fish fry on a toosoggyofabun!  Little Giada De Laurentis would be spitting out every adjective from her show: flaky, buttery, crispy, fresh. I passed on this sandwich and next time, I won't give it a second thought! Duck reuben: Duck is a typically fatty meat. This sandwich was far from that, and yet still had the mighty duck essence without being rich. so all those made this a trifecta sandwich.  Cheese added to ooey gooey factor, the bread was nice and crisp, On a side note, The Eater just released an article with the Hopleaf's owner saying that they were expanding the restaurant, which is due to open in mid April. In the winter, the dining room expects to seat 275 diners, and 310 in the summer with the patio. This is a huge asset to the place, as we dined on a Monday evening and the place was pretty full for being a weeknight. Until then, see if you can request a table on the mezzanine space on the second level, which is also anticipating a new face lift and expansion.
