We came here on a random weeknight around 7-ish. Who would've known it would've been a 45 min wait?? Nuts! Anyway we waited by the bar, where my husband got a beer and I got wine. Glad to see there were quartinos offered here at a reasonable price, most falling around the $10-$13 range. You can also eat at the bar, but the bar is pretty cramped as it is right by the door and that's the waiting area. When we finally got seated, we mass ordered. We got the pork belly app, the pork ragu and polenta, the linguine with sea urchin and crab, the carbonara risotto and the seared octopus entree. Highlights: Pork belly - crispy outside, well seasoned, tender on the inside... It's bacon people, what's not to love?!!? Seriously though, a must order, it's tasty!! And they give you 3 good sized chunks for $6!!  Linguine with sea urchin and crab - Oh my... creamy, rich, perfect!! Loads of well-cooked crab, al dente pasta, and the sea urchin cooked down to make a decadent sauce with a hint of sweetness... MMMMMMMM!!! "Meh": Pork Ragu and Polenta - the whole dish was a little bland. The texture was a bit mushy on top of mushy. Not my favorite dish. This dish was begging for salt and for something crunchy. Risotto Carbonara - This sounded better on the menu than it actually was. There is raw egg that comes with the dish. It came out and the risotto was a bit toothy and gummy. Like the risotto didn't cook enough and sauce wasn't binding well. Breaking the egg surprisingly made the dish blander, and it only added to the gummy texture. We took it home and my husband was raving about it the next day, maybe it's one of those dishes that needed to meld overnight? Seared Octopus - While this was a tasty dish, it was a tad salty and greasy. The octopus was cooked well, and the salad underneath had good texture and good mix of stuff, including apples, potatoes, salami and almonds. We will return, but I think 3-4 dishes max would be enough for 2 people. Also, I'd probably make a reservation next time as well.
