I have been to Bonsoiree twice. The first time I thought it was phenomenal. So much so, that we returned a few weeks later with some friends. I let them know several weeks in advance that among us would be two pescatarians (us), one vegetarian and one meat-eater. They assured me that this could be easily accommodated. What ensued when we arrived was an abomination of good service topped off with a laughable meal. Rather than dwell on the absolute joke that was the service we received, I will elaborate on the food. It seemed more than obvious that the kitchen had in no way prepared for our "dietary restrictions" and had instead thrown together a makeshift solution. Below I have outlined our experience, but god only knows it was less than half as pathetic as what our poor vegetarian friend got. Our 6 course dinner: 1. Cat tail Root, kumquat, random chunk of toffee? This was a substanceless and embarrassing afterthought. Apparently this course was supposed to involve a scallop, but since there was no thought or preparation put into accommodating our "dietary restrictions "(if you could call them that), we basically got nothing since the scallop was instead re-purposed in a later course. Result: we basically ate the garnish that was intended for the scallop. 2. Salad of some bitter greens, candied olives, topped off with a precariously placed walnut on the rim of the plate and dressed with an equally bitter dressing? This was so bitter, it was actually painful to eat it all. I had to force it down. I'm not sure that I understand dressing bitter greens in a bitter, spicy dressing. Not to mention that we were less than thrilled to be getting another salad after the pitiful first course. 3. Scallops, gnocchi, and avocado mousse. This tasted good, very good. But, since it came out lukewarm and had obviously been sitting around, the flavors were difficult to appreciate. Unfortunately that made the only remotely decent course a failure as well. 4. Some fish and some type of mousse? I can't even remember what kind of fish this was and I just ate it yesterday! It was unidentifiable, tasteless, and was neither cold, nor hot. We actually could not determine whether it was meant to be cold or was meant to be hot. Either way, it was an utter failure as well. 5. Wait, was there a 5? Oh yes, the shot of tea. In most restaurants, something like this would be more like a gift from the chef. Referring to it as 1 of 6 courses was simply laughable. It tasted good though, for whatever that's worth. 6. Desert. Well, I couldn't say it didn't taste good. It did. Although I don't know if an artfully displayed ice cream scoop next to a fried banana is anything to write home over. While I enjoyed eating this, it did nothing to offset the absurdity of every course that preceded it. When we had eaten here previously, we had the 4 course for $45. It was comprised of 6 courses as well, if you count the "gifts from the chef", which were completely absent in yesterday's meal. How you can reconcile any type of explanation for why we paid nearly twice as much for this "6 course" dinner is beyond me. We left feeling absolutely cheated out of $375, embarrassed in front of our friends to whom we had built up this restaurant so much, and insulted by our smug and disinterested server. As we were leaving, we attempted to let the server know how dissatisfied we were, but he essentially shooed us out the door and showed no interest at all in what the problem was. His attitude is apparently one that must be sanctioned by Bonsoiree as I sent an email about my experience which went without so much as an apology or response of any kind. While I acknowledge that this place is good on certain nights, the enormous spectrum that one faces between the hits and the misses is simply too great to be worth risking a third time.
