Definitely a place to hit for fondue lovers. It's small ("cozy," if you prefer), but that can make for an intimate setting. I called to reserve a booth, but the hostess seemed not to check for that, instead directing my date and me to a small table for two. I wasn't a huge fan of the cheese fondue that starts you off. It's a very distinct flavor that seemed heavy to me. But I'd shove an elderly woman into traffic for more of the main course. We had chicken and beef tenderloin, which you get to boil in oil. The potatoes and mushrooms were also delicious. Bonus points for a wide selection of sauces. Barbecue tasted great, and butter was wonderful on the potatoes. For dessert, the chocolate fondue also seemed a little heavy for my taste. It seemed like a very dark, bitter chocolate. I enjoyed when the waiter lit it on fire and we got to toast our marshmallows, but dipping assorted fruits in the heavy, syrupy chocolate lost its novelty on me pretty quickly. Our waiter was outstanding. Very accomodating and patient in explaining everything to us. When the fire went out, he was fairly quick to step back in with the lighter. The tables are a little too small, but when my date knocked her glass of wine to the ground, the waiter came around with a brand new full glass. It is expensive. Very expensive, for what you get. But this is the kind of place you go for the experience. Unfortunately, a pair of drunken old clowns were stationed at the bar, and they verbally accosted my date when she went to the restroom. When I went to talk to them about it, the fat old man with weird stalactites on his face kept shouting about how much money he had and how he used to play football for the University of Michigan. Then he kept trying to insult me by guessing how much money I made. I gently reminded him I'd live far longer than he would. Not sure if those old sacks of bile make Geja's their usual watering hole... A word of caution: you will leave this place smelling like a fish stick, so make sure everyone knows that going in. Bottom line: I loved the main course and the atmosphere, but there are a lot of drawbacks for something you pay this much for.
