If you're a travel channel junkie like myself, then you've probably see Chicago's very own, Hot Dougs, showcased on Hot Dog Paradise. Hot Dougs brings a new twist to the world of encased meats. Don't be fooled by the "hole in the wall" demeanor; this place will have you lining up around the corner. Literally. If you want to experience the hot dog heaven that is Hot Dougs, be sure you get there before they even open at 10:30 AM. They have a small window of operating hours, so it's best to get there as soon as you can. Either way, you'll be standing in line, but I promise, it's worth it. Make sure you bring cash though, they do not accept credit cards. Hot Dougs provides specialty sausages, game meat of the week, and regular good old fashioned hot dogs. I took a chance on a sun dried tomato stuffed pork sausage with pesto aioli and burrata cheese. My boyfriend decided to be more adventurous and went straight for the Chardonnay and Jalapeno Rattlesnake Sausage with Berry-Currant Mustard Cream and Trugole Cheese. Both, interesting and wonderful. The specialty dogs may be a bit pricey at $7-9 each, but you can always opt for a good old fashioned hot dog or sausage ranging from $2-4. Duck fat fries are only available Friday and Saturday, but their normal fresh cut fries are piping hot with potato-ey goodness.  You'd would think that since Hot Dougs has such a great food reputation and long lines to back it up that the staff would be less than pleasant, but that's far from the case here. Doug himself will be there to greet you at the counter with a smile and friendly suggestions. You can tell he loves what he's doing and he loves sharing his ideas with his Chicagoans. The personality you see featured on food shows will be the same guy you meet in person. Hot Dougs is a Chicago gem and worth a wait in line. They are to encased meats what peanut butter is to jelly. They just work. So if you find yourself with a day off, get up early and head out to Hot Dougs. In fact if you're a Chicagoan, put this on your bucket list.
