Carnival Restuarant....1/16/2010 If you are planning to go to this restaurant with your friends....DON'T If you are planning to celebrate a birthday with your friends and want to go here....DON'T If you are looking for a good plate of Hispanic cuisine and go here thinking you will get it......then you will be WRONG!!! If you think Carnivale served the best Mojitos in town....you will definitely be.....Wrong!!! If you order coffee here and ask the server what kind of coffee they served...be carefull cause you will get a smart ass reply of we don't grow coffee in America The food here sucks and is overpriced!! My group order several items from the menu....The Mama Mendez seafood plate was over taken by all the hot spiciness added to this plate. Their version of Pernil is also spicy and it was of great disappointment, since they also served this plate with what they called Puerto Rican Arroz con Gandules which in reality their version of rice is just congri; wich is a Cuban version of Rice with black beans cook together; this rice was also hot spicy and it contains way too many Olives. My friend ordered a Churrasco, and let me tell you; the food proportion for the cost of $32.00 is not worth it...it was way to small and even though we paid a quite pricey dinner ticket at Carnivale (Over $500.00); my friend was still hungry and he ended up eating again at another restaurant. Since we were there to celebrate 3 of our friends birthdays, the server asked us who was a special guest and at the end of our dinner our friends were surprised with a nice plate of ice cream (tres leches) and a small round cake. It was a nice touch, however to our surprised we were charged for it. We were also charged $13.00 for each guacamole the server sent to our table when we first got there. If someone from Carnivale does read this blog....listen please! Not all South American or Caribbean food is served with hot sauce, Aji or it's spicy. If you are planning to serve Puerto Rican food, then I recommend you send your Chef to Puerto Rico to learn how to cook a real Puerto Rican dish of Pernil & Arroz con Gandules. Your Mojitos are not that great and too expensive and your guacamole has too much lime. To our server who I will call on this blog Paul your customer services qualities are yet to be desired. You treated us nice at the beginning and at the end you were extremely rude. You don't deserve the 18% gratuity that you received from us. In all....this restaurant is well overpriced and definitely well overrated!!
