I would give Tru 10 stars if I could :) That's how outstanding our experience at Tru was. I chose this restaurant to celebrate our anniversary and was a little apprehensive as my husband is a vegetarian. But they assured me when I made reservations that they could make 9 courses all vegetarian. From the minute we gave our car to the valet till the end when we got our coats back - it was an amazing and the most luxurious evening. It's not just about the food or the ambience - it is truly an experience. I was warned that our whole dinner would take around 2.5 hours at least. As soon as we gave our car to the valet (who also wished us a Happy Anniversary) - we were walked to our table, and on our way we were wished at least by 5 different people a Happy Anniversary. The place has a dress code - it deserves a dress code :) We were a little intimidated at first, but after a few minutes we were put at ease. We were waited on by 5 people during dinner. We chose the 8 course vegetarian grand menu. I will not go into the details of all the courses, but let me say that the food was outstanding. It looked like art, and there were a couple of courses where my husband and me did not want to put our forks on the plate - because it was soo pretty! You always have 2 people working in sync : to bring out a course or to pour water or clear the table ware - it is like a synchronized and orchestrated show but without being too pompous and pretentious. The service was impeccable and the attention to detail was truly commendable. The servers were very knowledgeable about the food being put out in front of us and answered all our questions patiently. As for the food, let's say we ate the fluffiest of gnocchi, tastiest of potatoes and the earthiest of mushrooms. We tasted flavor profiles that we didn't know could be put together so well. It was an excellent menu and put together beautifully. Chef Martin is a genius. It was an amazing dinner, and was made special because of the impeccable service. It was a great choice for our anniversary date. I have never been to a Michelin-star restaurant, but Tru totally deserves it. What else can you say about a place that gives you personalized menus with your names printed on it to take home.
