Its official: I've dumped IHOP for Nana's.I discovered this place when a friend scheduled a breakfast date for a small group of us on a Monday morning. When I arrived there was a few other folks there and no wait--we even hung around chatting after our meal was complete--something we probably would not have done if there was a wait for a table. I ordered a short stack of buttermilk pancakes and a soy latte. The waitress arrived to the table grumbling that they got the espresso drinks confused and my latte had a shot of vanilla, she placed the steaming cup in front of me and asked me if I really wanted her to change it. I felt this is not a question to be imposed on a paying customer--she really left me with little option--and had it not been for the exceptional pancakes with real butter and maple syrup I might have never returned. My friend also filled me in on the restaurant's background: family owned and organic--another reason I decided to return--giving the staff another chance--because overall our waitress could have been much friendlier. I returned on Valentine's Day to treat my husband to a nice organic breakfast. This time the place was full. It was a little hard to find the hostess--if you're new to this place, look for her behind the coffee bar-- when we found her she warned us it was a twenty minute wait--something we had anticipated. However, it was kind of hard to figure out where to wait, there really isn't a place and we kept dodging out of the way of busy servers. Eventually the hostess pointed us to some free seats at the coffee bar where we could sit and wait to be seated. We did turn down the first table she offered us because it was right by the front door where a crowd of folks waiting to be seated was standing--too awkward for me. Minutes later she seated us at another table. I ordered the stuffed french toast and a side of bacon and my husband got the salmon scrambled eggs and a pancake on the side--we both had regular coffee. We requested soy for our coffee and our waiter didn't seem to mind when we requested extra but we quickly discovered that their coffee is pretty good black and they refilled our cups often. Our meal was scrumptious--everything was tasty and fresh. A complete side-note, the music was a bonus treat: The Cure, Erasure, Prince and George Micheal! Ultimately, it was two servers taking care of us during our meal--the name on our receipt said Omarcito--and he/they more than made up for all the shortcomings of the server from my last visit who seem to have gotten the day off.  We will definitely return but I am docking one star because the hostess situation can improve. She can move towards the front where its easier to find her and when a table becomes available I would recommend she walk-up to her waiting customers as opposed to screaming for them over folks sitting at the coffee bar (some even eating there). The place was well staffed and everyone was hustling but it seemed that she was the only one with a case of frazzled nerves, which I think is unfortunate, since I suspect that might be Nana herself--she's got a great product and its okay if we gotta wait a little longer for it on Sunday mornings.
