Thanks to a great recommendation from a friend of my partner's, we initiated a monthly excursion we're calling "Secret Sups." Each month, one of us picks out a new restaurant and arranges a reservation ... without disclosing its location to the other. It must be a new/out of the ordinary place for us, and secrecy of the location is half the fun! We are by no means food novices, but we tend to frequent the same handful of places within a few-block radius of home, so this is a great catalyst to get us out our neighborhood routine. I chose Anteprima in Andersonville for our inaugural event. While having a post-dinner drink at Marty's on Balmoral, we developed our criteria and rating scale to apply to each Secret Sup. SCALE: 0 = Nonexistent. 1 = Sucky. 2 = Mediocre. 3 = Average/nothing to write home about. 4 = Good! 5 = Outstanding/like, really wowed us! 6 = Like nothing we've ever had before. CRITERIA Reservation ease - 5 Reservations are accepted via Open Table, so it was super easy to navigate. Wait time/comfort - 5 Though we were about 15 minutes early for our reservation, we were immediately shown to our table upon arrival. There was a small bar area in the back of the restaurant where we could have waited if necessary. Server - 5 Our waiter, Jonathan, was fabulous. He came to greet us very quickly, asked us if we'd been there before, and gave a brief description of the "rustic Italian" style of cuisine when we said we hadn't. He offered to answer any questions we might have and left us to peruse the menu briefly. He seemed to arrive at our table just when we needed him--not too overbearing but as attentive as we needed/wanted. We did have a handful of questions regarding some elements of the menu, and Jonathan answered with ease. He was very friendly throughout the duration of our experience, and gave some wonderful recommendations when requested. Food - 5 We ordered a bottle of the Montepulciano d'Abruzzo, La Valentina, which was delicious--smooth and velvety, yet robust. We chose the grilled octopus (with potatoes, red onion, chilies, parsley, lemon, and olive oil) and the pesciolini (a special: crispy lake smelt with lemons and parsley) to start. There were no strange sauces or extraneous accouterments--just good quality food prepared simply. The appetizers were delicious. The octopus had wonderful texture, the potatoes were sliced incredibly thinly, and the combination of flavors was delightful. The pesciolini was a new adventure for us. It was light and crispy with just the right amount of breading and addition of citrus to highlight to flavor. For our main courses, I chose the spaghetti "carbonara," a house specialty (with house guanciale, an unsmoked Italian bacon, asparagus, farm egg, and pecorino), and my partner chose the pan-seared salmon (with roasted shallots and asparagus, balsamic, and porcini vinaigrette). Both dishes were extraordinary. The salmon had a wonderful bit of crunch to its texture, and the spaghetti was fabulous. Perfectly "al dente," the flavor was big and rich without being too much. My partner couldn't stop sneaking bites! We looked to our server for a dessert recommendation to please both the dark chocolate lover (my partner) and the vanilla/crme brulee lover (me). After confiding that he was "on my team" for dessert (and dessert alone, we understood!), Jonathan suggested the coffee crema. It had a wonderful, thick, creamy texture, and the coffee flavor wasn't too overpowering. It was topped with a bit of light whipped cream, and was a nice ending to an incredible meal. While it likely would not have been our first choice, it was still tasty. The timing of the meal felt very natural. Overall, it was a nice infusion of variety from our typical standby fare. Neither of us had ever had smelt or guanciale, and they were both delicious. The quality of the food was remarkable. The simplicity of the preparation and presentation allowed the flavors of the ingredients to shine. None of the dishes felt too heavy, and we left the restaurant feeling fortified and satiated, not overly stuffed. Ambiance - 5 The ambiance of Anteprima is absolutely another of its strengths. We had a wonderful little table by the front window. The lighting was dim enough to feel romantic, but not so dark that we felt like we were being lulled to sleep. The music was nicely background. The tables are close, but it felt like we had our own personal space. The bathroom was great--very clean, well stocked, and had no line. We'd absolutely recommend a visit to Anteprima for exceptional rustic Italian food and a tremendous experience. Fabulous date night!
