As someone who has worked in restaurants, I am very understanding of bad nights, but this was one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had.  When I got to the restaurant, my friend was already there and had put his name on the list. He told me that the wait was going to be about 30-45, which is not a big deal (to me). During that time we saw tons of empty tables that were not being sat, but I figured that it was for a reason- like private parties and reservations. After waiting an hour (and those tables were still un-sat), I checked in with a male waiter who was helping at the hostess stand. Just as he tells me they were no longer seating, the woman who had been there most of the night returned to say it would only be a little longer. Fortunately, another set of customers over heard my conversation with the hostess and told me that they were wondering what the deal was because they were about to be seated and had noticed us waiting when they got there. I am so grateful for the kindness of these customers, who not only told the hostess in Spanish about the problem but also gave us their table.  Once my friend and I are seated, we quickly (and happily) order beverages, the empanada combination plate, and our entrees. Again, we wait... and wait. You know the couple who gave us their table? Well, they were seated near us and had another round of bevs and appetizers before we even saw our waitress or was able to get the attention of any other restaurant staff member. Finally, I was able to catch the hostess and asked her to make sure that the empanadas are out first. The waitress comes back with our drinks and tells us that the paper in the kitchen ran out and she didn't know, but would have them out very soon. The empanadas arrive and instead of being 2 chicken, 2 cheese, and two beef, we get 4 cheese and 2 chicken. We tell the waitress who gave us an excuse for why it couldn't be fixed. We move on to the entree, which was good, not spectacular, and would have been better with the chimichurri sauce that was supposed to be with the steak (they ran out). We were there almost 3 hours and the only thing that happened in a timely manner was the waitress bringing our check (nice, huh?). The restaurant staff knew there had been multiple issues and did nothing to remedy the situation. It's not like we came in near closing time or had impossible requests. I'm so disappointed.
