So, I work in a restaurant. A fairly nice one. Whenever I go to eat in said restaurant, I get a 50% discount on my meal. At the end of every meal I eat there, I get my check and think to myself "holy shit, that's all my bill is?" I've never experienced this feeling in my life, without discount, until tonight at Longman and Eagle. I usually pass by as the place is always packed. Tonight I saw my opportunity to sit at the bar and try the place out so I did. Sat down to a nice greeting. Started out with a great beer from their tap. Got the duck rillettes which were perfect. Had a shot of whiskey recommended by the bartender Nathan, perfect. So perfect that it was hard to believe it was only $3. It finished like a nice wine and had a full palate of flavor. Though served in a shot glass, this was to be enjoyed. I had the kobe burger which was very good. The fries were awesome. The bacon served on the burger was the kind of bacon that makes you believe that there is a God and (s)he too is a fan of smoked pork belly. I was feeling full but I wanted to go a bit further. I asked for an espresso which they were out of, so Nathan got me a 101 proof shot of whiskey that was almost like a digestif. It readied me for a bit more, so I got the sweetbreads. Beautifully prepared, caramelized top, rich and tender on the inside, beautifully accompanied. Finished it off with an after dinner drink in the form of the Yuzu Toddy which was... perfect. In summation, perfect. Everything about it. The service, the food, the drink. I got my bill and spent less than $50, which isn't exactly cheap, but keep in mind that I just ate three courses with a nice beer, 2 whiskeys and an after dinner drink, and hopefully those of you who don't eat in restaurants that end in an " 's " (i.e., McDonald's, Arby's, Burger King's) will get my point as to how inexpensive this place really was. For the first time, without an employee discount, I got my bill and thought "holy shit, that's all my bill is?" Were one to duplicate everything about my experience tonight, the ambiance, food, drink, everything, and move it about 10 blocks east, the bill would have been well over $80, that I can guarantee.
