where to start... first, i should disclose that i went to graham elliot with two of my favorite foodie friends, one of whom has got the hookup with the pastry chef and goes way back with several of the waiters. i'm not sure that made that much of a difference though. everyone seemed to get tremendous treatment. the cocktails...creative. i had the rooibos sour to sip on while i waited for my friends. it was light and crisp and way too dangerously drinkable. my friend had the bloody mary which was a little willy wonka-ish with the tomato sorbet and horseradish whipped cream. the london calling brought out the best in pimm's. again, refreshing and tasty. i'm not quite sure how pimm's plus cucumber soda makes something that tastes like watermelon, but damn. i could drink it all day long. i could keep on babbling about these drinks, but then, i'd never get to the food. let me just say that the montoya pinot noir and the seis de luberri tempernillo/rioja rocked. now the food. i hate peas. always have. until this soup. the pea bisque was tasty stuff. the caesar salad was perfect. the brioche twinkie was a very nice touch. the risotto was smokey goodness and the gnocci was truffle, egg-y goodness.  graham elliot turned me onto peas and my friend onto fish. she's one of those die-hard meat eaters that doesn't normally enjoy fish, but she was turned on to the skate. the raisin chutney--perfect combo of sweet and salty. the lamb was perfectly cooked and the combo of the shaved fennel and eggplant just rocked. but the stroganoff. holy shit. the meat melts in your mouth...i can't even come close to describing just how good it is.  we had all of the desserts. i'd say creme brulee topped it for me, then the peach cobbler, brownie then rice crispie treats. but that order of preference could change depending on my mood. the creme brulee won out tonight because the pineapple was just so damn good. but they were all tremendous.   oh damn. i almost forgot about the popcorn. the truffle oil drizzled popcorn. we had three servings of it. and we probably could have had three more.  we got a nice tour of the kitchen. chef showed us around and i nearly got hungry again seeing and smelling all of it.  i'll be back again soon to try all the things i missed (the scallops looked awesome) and the bar menu--foie gras lollipops, calamari curly fries... oh! ambiance was great. i think it could end up being a bit loud when completely packed, but it was perfect tonight.
