Whoa-oh Broke Betty, Bam ba lam. Whoa-oh Broke Betty, Bam ba lam. Sooo... it's a well known fact that I am Grade-A prime pennyless. HOWEVER, in recent months I've started the steps to reverse this life situation by doing unconventional things like, paying my credit card bills, paying my student loans, and not spending every dime I get. So, how did little old me, afford the opportunity to dine at Carnivale? Well, I'll leave out the specifics but we'll just say I've got amazing friends who've got great contacts and somehow this all worked out and I was able to dine at a place that virtually all of my others friends have already dined at, but without their broke ass Candi G friend. Sooo, how was it? It was colorful. It was flavorful. It was phenomenal. The Drinks: -Red Sangria: down the hatch faster than 1, 2, 3. -Frozen White Sangria with raspberries and blueberries: I ordered this by pointing to someone else's drink and saying 'gimme the white one with all the crap in it'... and the server was playfully responsive to willy nilly beverage request. The Food: Chips & guac: Holy guacamole! So lime-y, so salty, so smoov. Some kinda charcuterie plate: ... i dunno, I don't eat meat... but I did eat the sh*t out of those marinated olives. Daaamn, demz good nuts. Vegetariana: Veggies, cous cous, some spicy sauce. Pretty simple, but also unexpectedly delicious. And I don't mean that like I didn't think it'd be delish- just that I didn't think it'd be THAT delish. The Dessert: Ice Cream Cake: Yao Ming sized ice cream cake with three layers, one of which you think is vanilla-- but it ain't. What it be? MANGO. Sundae: Served in a margarita glass the size of my head. Do I need to elaborate? Don't be a fool- just order it. MuFuggin Cotton Candy: Enough cotton candy for the entire state of Delaware... which I did not do my due diligence on looking up to verify, but I've heard the state's quite small, and due to their large number of orthodontists, they aren't in the market for much cotton candy, so I can only assume that just the one serving is more than enough for the entire state. The Synopsis: Love. Don't know that I can afford to go again on my own, but they've got some fabulous digs they have to pay rent on and I can understand where every red cent of the $700+ bill went. If you can, GO. Go now. Get the cotton candy.
