David Chang and his legendary Manhattan/Momofuku late-night chef's gang would love this place. The Beijing Duck dinner truly has come from the heavens! The only complaint I have ever had was about the Chicago restaurant scene was the lack of quality Chinese restaurants. Now that my Hoya friends have shown me this place, I am very grateful and can see the error of my culinary ways. Who would have ever known I would have to go to a little place off the Red Line in Chicago's Uptown neighborhood. Chinese Barbecue? There are very few types of Asian restaurants that I have not frequented in my life, but this was something a little new for me.  The Beijing Duck comes with the true baos instead of the thin crepes. They are of first-rate quality. The duck is marvelously cut and arranged at your table. The carcass is used to make fried rice and a wonderful soup with wintermelon. The wintermelon does not overpower the soup as this meal is about the duck! We also had some deep fried squid with a little kick to it, a spicy beef dish with scallions, and some truly wonderful pea pod tips sauteed in garlic. I am anxious to try a number of their other dishes, especially the barbecued meats. As good as everything was though, the real star was the duck itself. The skin was cooked to a crispy perfection, and the quality of the meat was as good as you will find anywhere including Beijing. My favorite duck has always been from the Peking Gourmet Inn in Arlington, VA until now. Sun Wah's Beijing Duck is clearly better. It is top quality duck, and the preparation, the marination, etc. is also truly superior. To finish off the meal the steamed white rice was truly wonderful, and not the leftovers that most Chinese restaurants now serve. We also had a sweet tofu dessert with a little ginger that was truly tasty! I was happy my fellow Double Hoya friend was able to enjoy mine also, since I have never been able to acquire a taste for Chinese desserts much to the chagrin of my Asian friends!  This family owned restaurant is housed in a beautiful warehouse-like setting that is very clean for an urban Chinese restaurant. What more can you ask for? Don't miss the duck meal? A large, clean, family owned Asian barbecue restaurant is truly something special. It sounds like something deserving of All-Madden status! My how I do love Chicago! Dr. Thomas A. Wong Proud Member of Generation Ewing
