We ate at Tru last night for our 25th anniversary. We were staying downtown and I had made a reservation at MK but my wife lobbied me to call and see if we could get in at Tru. We ended up wishing that we did not change our original plan. We are hardcore foodies and enophiles and I am a relatively accomplished gourmet cook. We frequent good restaurants in the Chicago area as well as yearly in Napa as well as other places when we travel  All in all the experience reminded me of the child's story "The Emperor's New Clothes". Unfortunately people often conclude that something is automatically wonderful because it expensive or difficult to obtain. The bottom line at Tru was that no matter how innovative and exotic the menu items are described they are simply tiny bits of food that don't taste like much of anything. Pea soup with mint is pea soup regardless if it is spun as "Inside of English Pea with Lavender" and you are only served a few spoonfuls of it . One of our "main courses" was the Duroc Pork Belly with Stone Ground Grits and Pickled Green Onion. In actuality it was a one inch square of meat which was mostly fat which was served atop a tablespoon or so of polenta with a few tiny flecks of garnish. The dessert was a few morsels of melon topped with a half teaspoon of ice cream with either raw ginger or puree also in it which was so intense that it actually triggered my gag reflex when I swallowed it. The service was wonderful and the servers were attentive and personable. The motif of the restaurant was somewhat dark and dreary and it was so quiet that it was actually a bit eerie The wine list was extensive and the markup for the bottles I was familiar with were 300 to 400% which is pretty steep even in a touted restaurant. One bottle of wine with dinner two glasses of a different type to start and the suggested sweet wine with the foie gras and 2 Chefs Collection tasting menu with tip puts you out the door for around $600. This is a tidy sum for a dinner that SOUNDS magnificent but in actuality doesn't taste like much of anything at all.    In any event be your own judge but don' t let yourself be convinced how beautiful the emperors clothes are if he isn't wearing any........
