I'll definitely give this place a thumbs up, though I have a few suggestions... We sat at the bar, and the service wasn't very good. I had to flag the bartender down for a drink, then a menu, then to order, then to get another drink, then to get the check. He wasn't very attentive. I noticed most people sitting at the bar had empty glasses too. They looked very frantic, but the place wasn't that busy, so I'm not sure what was up. The guys kept washing glasses, and bussing, all while people wanted something from them. They could've been ringing $$ if they offered food, more drinks, etc. My advice, is get a barback and start getting your customers to drink and eat...you're in charge of their dining experience. The duck rillette was delicious and well presented, though the jar was so artfully tall, that it kept falling over and making a huge crashing sound. Perhaps smaller, flatter jars, that won't fall over. I don't want to have to think about things breaking while I'm eating. The chicken was great, well seasoned, and quite a value at $15. The sloppy joe was good, though it was really missing sweet potato fries, or tater tots, or something else. If it's to be served alone, I would either make them into sliders so they can be shared as an app, or serve it with fries or slaw. We were pretty turned off with the lack of service, that we intentionally did not get another drink or dessert, and instead walked over to Lula for carrot cake. Overall, the space is designed beautifully. I loved the blond wood ceiling, and light fixtures. There was s jukebox, and someone was messing with a stereo behind the bar, but we never heard any music at all while we were there. Turn it UP! The people working there seemed very nice. I'm sure they'll be very successful...I just seem to compare so many places to Avec, Publican, and my neighborhood BYOB's, that it's hard to think of myself ever going out of my way to come here again. I'll more than likely stick to my favorites. "But you don't have to take MY word for it..." (L. Burton)
