I've heard a lot of things about Piece but somehow I've never been there. My youngest brother Joey was in town with his girlfriend, since they are home from college for a week break between summer classes and fall semester. Dave and I thought it would be a fun, casual place for the four of us to go and have good pizza and a good time. One note, Joey and his gf are both 20 years old, so we wanted to find a place that had a party atmosphere without being turned away at the door because they were underage. More on that later. We got to Piece at about 7:45 and were told it was going to be "DEFINITELY A 45 MINUTE/HOUR WAIT" by the host who couldn't even take the time to look up from his floorplan to smile at us or greet us politely. I gave him the benefit of the doubt, because it was Saturday at peak time and I knew the place would be slammed. We had no problem waiting an hour since we could put our name in and wander around Wicker Park and kill time. Actually, we had kind of anticipated a wait and were planning to do that anyway. So off the four of us went, to goof around in the neighborhood, and we arrived back at Piece about a half hour later. When we went in to check on the table, and the doorman insisted on putting big, black X's on the both hands of my bro and his girlfriend...not a big deal but, okay, we get it, they can't drink in here. Dave went up to the host (who still had a bad attitude) and when he gave him our name, he looked at the list and declared...oh, we looked for you ten minutes ago and couldn't find you so now you're at the bottom of the list. This coming from the guy who had just said DEFINITELY AN HOUR thirty minutes ago. At that point I was a little annoyed because he said it would probably be a while before we could sit. But by this time we'd committed...so, fine. Well, good thing we didn't go anywhere because we were seated 5 minutes later. Dave and I ordered beers, which came promptly, but the waitress seemed like she was totally in the weeds, so much so that she didn't even give us her name. When the beers arrived, I tried mine and passed it over the table to give my brother a taste. A TASTE. For Chrissake's the kid is 20 years old, about to turn 21 in three months, and he's pledgemaster of his frat. I think he's tried alcohol before. He takes a taste, hands it back to me, and I kid you not, 10 seconds later the doorman comes by, slaps his hand over my brother's shoulder and goes NOT EVEN A SIP BUDDY. DONT EVEN THINK ABOUT IT. Uhhhh...okay. We wont think about it. But seriously, lighten up. We ordered two medium pizzas (one white pizza with Italian sausage and one red pizza with pepperoni). They were HUGE and came fast, but I personally thought both were really greasy. I can't believe I'm actually saying this, but the pepperoni pizza almost had TOO MUCH pepperoni on it. I picked some off, because in some bites it was all I could taste. The white pizza was good, but it was mostly cheese and a little light on the garlic and olive oil, which I think are the best parts of the white pizza. I think if their crust was a little bit thicker, it would have held up to all the toppings. But hey, I'm a thick crust kinda gal. When the waitress came and brought the bill, it was definitely reasonable (two medium pizzas and two beers for $50), but I would have happily ordered it for carry out or delivery to be spared the attitude of the staff. There are so many PHENOMENAL pizza places in Chicago (Pequod's, Art of Pizza) where both the pizza and the service are great, so I think I deserve to be picky when it comes to Piece. I've heard Piece is a great place for big groups and parties, which I can totally see. I would give it another try on a not so busy night, if it was another person's pick. But I think next time I feel like pizza I'll head to one of my old standbys.
