AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH This is simply for having to plan an event here. Just don't do it. I don't know where you should go instead n Chicago. But it is not going well. My event is a week away and while not everything is Tru's fault, they certainly are not making it easy. The biggest issue is that the Chef doesn't want to have to prepare for having choices in private dining meals. So you have to give your guests 1 meal option. Here's where that's a problem for me. 1. I NEVER pick restaurants when friends and I go out to eat cause I don't want the responsibility. and 2. I'm bad at picking my own meals (especially weeks or months in advance) So: therefore, I'm having problems. First I outsourced menu selection to the 2 members of my company's staff actually eating the meal. Then the menu changed. So I made a logical change. Which meant that the entree was going to be beef. Well - the California mentality of my company says that that's bad - people either a) need 2 choices or b) the one choice needs to be something "safe" like chicken. Welll there is no chicken. And the Chef won't make options. And oh! the private dining contact is harder to find than Lindsay Lohan's underwear. I've worked with 8 different private dining contacts at similar restaurants in New York, Philadelphia, Boston, LA, San Francisco, Dallas and Minneapolis. All of them have been gracious and great helps as I plan these events. The contact at Tru has basically been unreachable and when she is reached, she's completely unwilling to help me find solutions So where does that leave me? Sitting in Berkeley 1 week before the event losing my mind about what to feed 18 people that I don't know. Maybe by next weekend it will all be smooth and nice - but for now...no. For now, I'm stressed and completely unimpressed. Edit: 4/28 - Plus 1 star. So I don't know if they read my review but suddenly my contact is much easier to reach and much more willing to help. She helped me find what she and I thought was a great solution. Which my CEO then shot down. Soooooooooo - when I went back and said: we need 2 options and that's that. She said: ok. And now it's happening. Now there's a matter of my event order being about $30 more/person than originally quoted...but we'll talk about that on monday. The event is wednesday - expect an update. Edit: So we ended up cancelling the event (yeah, after all that work) because people waited till the day before to say they weren't coming. Hello! RSVP by X date, means RSVP because I'm dropping mad money on you. Anyway - lost hella cash and went through the madness of the meal for no reason. I think this may be a good place for rehearsal dinners or small business meals or just a nice dinner out, but NOT for special events.
