I've been here for beers and snacks, post-dinner cocktails, as well as slow, lingering dinners, and I've never left Uncommon Ground disappointed. The cocktails are well mixed, and the servers generally do a great job of describing them to you, such that they actually sound appetizing. Maybe it's all that talk of organic booze going to my would-be smug head, but their martinis, manhattans, and even that hepcat Neal Cassady (yeah, that's right all you beat kids) are dangerously delicious. I also have to give a shout out to the sweet potato fries, simply because I love them so, and they are done quite well here. Something about the crusty outside combined with the gooey, sweet/savory inside just makes my palate stand up and say "howdy." The fact that they come with a goat cheese fondue--chevre, my dahhhhlingk--makes them all the more desirable. And finally, I must note that I've had the best steak I've ever had in my life at this restaurant (and this coming from a kid who grew up eating home-killed venison steaks about 2 times a week). A few months ago their chef's selection cut of steak was a hanger steak from a grass fed bovine bff. Well, thanks to the dearly departed moo cow for donating to the culinary pursuits this chunk of flesh at the front of his chest, because, hot damn, was that some excellent steak. Perfectly done, well seasoned, and with a nice collection of veggies on the side (love them carrots). It was a well executed and memorable meal. With respect to negatives, there are two. When there is a band playing, it can get a little (okay, a lot) loud which can make conversation difficult. The other is that service can be a bit slow at times. However, when it's on, it's on; the server I had during my oh-so-orgasmic steak experience was not only attentive, but super knowledgeable, and able to respond to all sorts of questions. So that was definitely a plus during that visit. I don't think I've ever made it to dessert here without still having room, but the selection of coffees and teas will certainly satisfy. I have yet to enjoy their brunch offerings--what I consider a vast oversight on my part, considering I used to live a few blocks away and no longer do. Here's hoping for the opportunity.
