Is it wrong to give a hotel 2 stars based mostly on the elevators? I just can't justify 3, although to be fair I guess this should be more like a 2.5, because the room my parents stayed in was nice and pretty big, with a great view. But honestly, with the amount of money they have got to be making, they REALLY need to invest some time and energy into renovating their elevators. First of all, if you can get on an elevator in under five minutes from the time you push the button, congratulations to you! The elevator never, ever, ever came quickly, whether we had called it from the ground floor or the floor my parents were staying on. Even though they have the floors separated into sections, and a couple elevators per section, it doesn't help. One time my mom walked all the way to the end of the hall back to their room, let herself in, and got something she had forgotten -- and this was AFTER we'd already waited 2 or 3 minutes for the elevator -- and when she got back we STILL had another 1 or 2 minutes before the elevator arrived. Second of all, the elevator is S-L-O-W SLOW. I guess this goes without saying, considering how long it takes to arrive at whatever floor you're on, but oh my goodness, it's even more painfully slow than you'd imagine it would be while you're waiting for it. Pretty much every time we rode the elevator DOWN, it stopped at every single floor, and it quickly filled up (because, oh, did I mention the elevators are also pretty small? Cuz they are.) and so the first few people would be able to get on, but by the 3rd stop or so, we'd just be met with exasperated faces and rolling eyes every time the door opened and whoever was waiting for the elevator realized they'd have to wait for yet ANOTHER ten minutes for the next elevator and hope that it wasn't full. Honestly, I can't imagine staying on the mid-range floors, how did they ever get downstairs?! It honestly would have been faster to walk. And the whole experience wasn't MUCH more pleasant for those of us ON the elevator, either, considering how much longer it took to get downstairs. And, last but not least, the elevators are pretty terrifying. I don't know how old they are but I'm going to guess PRETTY DAMN OLD. Other than that, the hotel was pretty good.
