Went in with a friend and his small daughter and my small son, hoping that, with such a cool name, it would be a laid-back southern diner. Well, it is quite elegant, beautiful light-fixtures, and along with that, unfortunately, perhaps a slight aversion to families....Promptly my son asked if they had "kids place-mats" and the two hosts looked at each other in confused, pleasant disdain. It was like a dramatized moment off some show like Ugly Betty, a caricature of itself. I really, at that moment, deeply wanted to leave but my friend said to stay. We were seated in the back, across from 3 high-contrast portraits, of, literally, Drama Queens. (Think Joan Collins with running mascara, about to bludgeon someone.) It was most unusual, and as I stared at the drama queens, I really wanted to leave as well. At some moments, I felt a little abandoned at the back of the restaurant, it was pretty empty but in the beginning it took forever for a waiter to come and it was a bit like we were being snubbed.  At most restaurants, even if there's no kids menu, (which, in the best places there isn't. of course) the restaurant will work with you. We ordered grilled cheese for the kids, were asked if they should remove the ham, were alerted that there was okra and onion mixed in with the fries, and did we want Fontina or Pepper Jack? I was like, Come On Now. Give me a break on the drama. Just take care of it. And it took forever for the milks to come. A good waiter knows that with youngns, time is of the essence. Just work with me, and you shall be tipped generously. Parents love good waiters. They are a joy. As the drama queens on the wall stared me down, I kept thinking, "This better be good." Well, good news! When the food came -- not that slow after things got rolling -- it was DIVINE. The kids devoured their fontina grilled cheeses, and the waiter did regular fries, after all. and I tore up the huge $12 shredded pork/coleslaw sandwich. My friend ate his rice and bean croquettes, though he found the untoasted Texan white bread gross, (he's picky,) it looked good to me. The fries mixed with Fried Okra and onion were....Splendid. The okra was done in these little breaded nuggets. It was scrumptious. I'm getting hungry just thinking about this food, so you can tell that I changed my tune on the place. The waiter did blurt out, as he left the check, that they are "very kid friendly" and we can come back any time. I was like...hmmmn....don't buy that, but I guess it meant our kids weren't screaming brats of the likes that used to visit Taste of Heaven. So I might be back for a date...without the kids...Just please don't seat me across from the Joan Collins on Crack portrait again!
