I made reservations almost two weeks ago, anticipating a rather horrendous work week and hoping a good meal would balance out the days. Like I predicted, the week started off on a blue note, so I was really looking forward to dinner at Graham Elliot. Alas, it was pouring outside and by the time I reached the restaurant, I looked like a drowned rat. The host kindly took my coat and I waited at the bar for my friend to arrive. Settling on the bar stool, the bartender got me a glass of cava and popcorn. A bubbly and some salty snacks on the side? Sweet. My friend arrived, soaking wet from the rain. Notice the theme? We were both unprepared, but the staff was very professional about it and seated us right away. Our server for the night, Evan, dropped by to get us started. He asked if we were familiar with Graham Elliot. I mentioned it was our first time dining at the restaurant, but I've been following the guy since he captained Avenues - yeah, I'm a groupie. From there, everything clicked and it was like Evan was a friend rather than a server. He offered the famous foie gras lollipops, even though they weren't featured on the menu. I miss those suckers - thought I'd never get to try them again. Blended with heavy cream and crusted with pop rocks, it was a great way to start off the evening. From there, he suggested the blini, featuring lavender ice cream, tomato chutney and orange cream. That was the one minor blip in the meal. The combination was strange...and it just didn't work. The lavender overpowered the blini and the smoked salmon tasted fairly bland. However, the second appetizer, the saffron risotto, was fabulous. Creamy, starchy goodness. Throughout the meal, Evan dropped by to check on what we liked and didn't. It was great to have conversations with him regarding food. The talks ranged from Graham Elliot's inspiration at the Art Institute, competition against Boka employees in football and the great Thomas Keller (whom he fondly refers to as "TK"). As the evening progressed, he offered up an interesting intermezzo. It was essentially a s'more, but it featured olives! The crunchy graham cracker, sweet and gooey marshmallow, and salty olives with hints of chocolate worked beautifully. When he asked for feedback, my friend and I were positively beaming about it. It's a small thing, no more than a square inch, but it's also a reference to childhood and simplicity. By then, we were really quite full. Unfortunately, we hadn't even gotten to our entrees. I ordered the shortrib au poivre. It was encrusted with peppercorn, and served over a bed of barley and mushrooms. The shortribs were tender and fell apart, even though I barely brushed my fork. The savory, slightly spicy shortribs paired wonderfully with the rustic barley and earthy mushrooms. Okay...I just noticed this is one looooong review. Yes, I'm waxing poetic because this was one of the most entertaining dining experiences I've had. At the conclusion of the meal, there was a small takeout box containing caramel popcorn? All I know is that it was such a sweet gesture because he knew we were way too full to order any dessert. The meal came up to be about $150 (this includes the $30 tip we gave). I wouldn't mind dropping by again, especially because it's been a while since I last had a meal that's left me feeling giddy.
