My wife, who just so happens to be named Dana, spent our first weekend alone since our first child was born eight weeks ago. I researched downtown Chicago hotels for weeks and finally decided on The Dana after reading so many wonderful reviews. I called the hotel about a week ahead of our arrival and asked them for three small requests. 1. We wanted a king bed. This certainly didn't seem like much to ask. It was just my wife and I, so that makes plenty of sense anyway. 2. We need a room with a refrigerator. Since my wife is breast feeding, she needed to keep the milk chilled for the weekend. 3. If possible, an upper level room with a view. Upon arriving at the Dana, we were greeted very pleasantly by the door staff and escorted to the front desk on the second floor. After a very short wait, we were quickly given our room card and headed up to our room. The room was the complete opposite of what we requested: Two double beds, no refrigerator and a 12th floor view of the side of a building. I immediately went back down to the desk and let them know we needed a new room and their response was basically "We're booked, too bad". When we explained we needed a refrigerator and we were already told by phone it wouldn't be a problem, their response was again "Your room doesn't come with a refrigerator, too bad." I've never experienced a front desk that was so unhelpful. It wasn't exactly the way I wanted to start our weekend. Fortunately, the check-in was the lowlight of the trip. Despite the fact my wife and I slept in separate beds, had to make God knows how many trips to the ice machine (which is hidden in a closet on the fifth floor) and gazed out of our window into an office building, I slowly warmed up to The Dana and eventually left the hotel with a feeling that I might, just maybe, stay there once again. POSITIVES 1. Location. You can't beat staying right in the heart of downtown Chicago within walking distance of everything that makes this city so wonderful. Dining, shopping, beach, nightlife ... You are right in the middle of all of it. 2. Vertigo. The hotel has one of the best rooftop lounges in Chicago. It was packed both nights we were there and the views from 27 stories above were fantastic. The drinks were great. The staff was helpful. Good crowd. Great place. 3. Shower. It's a one-of-a-kind with a rain head spout from the ceiling and glass on both sides separating the bedroom and the bathroom. It's about as nice of a hotel bathroom as you're going to find. 4. Complimentary breakfast. It was so nice to be able to walk downstairs and sit down and be served a perfectly, light meal. They brought a really good fruit bowl with the choice of pastry and quality coffee and juices. It was very simple and very good. 5. Door staff. The guys at the front door go out of their way to make you feel special. Any request was quickly answered and, unlike the front desk staff, they were very pleasant and genuine. NEGATIVES 1. Front desk. I've already covered it all with them. You would think a hotel would employ its most helpful workers for this position, not the opposite. The front desk staff was a joke. Completely clueless and just flat out insulting. 2. Elevator. This might sound like I'm being picky, but I can't tell you how many times I was in the elevator and another person was mumbling expletives as they battled with the elevator. In order to push the button of your floor, you have to very quickly insert your room card and then make your choice. This is much easier said than done. It's almost like trying to feed a crumbled dollar bill into a vending machine under pressure. It's incredibly annoying and if you don't do it quickly, you miss your floor and have to ride the elevator down to the lobby again. I appreciate the security, but I truly believe this is the hotel's way of trying to be hip and in turn just pissing a lot of people off. 3. Thin walls. I had the stereo playing at low volume and within minutes the hotel security was knocking. If you need to sleep, this isn't the hotel for you. 4. Trying too hard. This hotel desperately wants to be young and hip. It's not young by any means and it's not really all that hip. This place is loaded with middle-agers (40-50 crowd) and all of their attempts at being cool kind of fall short. Example: To get into the rooftop club, you have to briefly stand behind a velvet rope even if the damn place is empty. I could probably give you 10 examples of stuff like that. The ceilings in the room are unfinished cement. Trendy or an eye sore? I definitely thought the latter. 5. Ice machine. Call and ask guest services where the ice machine is located. They will tell you it's on the fifth floor. If you can find it in less than 10 minutes, I'll be impressed. There are a lot of things at this hotel where you just scratch your head and think, what the @#$% were they thinking?
