Great atmosphere, great decor, great service and great food! The only reason I gave Sunda 4 stars is because of the slightly high price, but it's so worth it! My first thought before Sunda opened, "Oh no, not another Asian fusion restaurant!!" So right from the start, I was pretty against going to Sunda. But who could resist the temptation of a new Billy Dec restaurant?! And see what all the hype was about in Chicago. Boy was I in for a surprise! Service: FIVE STARS!! Each time I've been there, I've been presented with great service right from getting out of the car and getting seated! The servers are attentive to your likes and dislikes, what sort of mood you're in and offer great suggestions! They don't try to sell you anything, but offer honest opinions. Atmosphere: What's not to love? The dimly lit restaurant with great decor is the perfect place for some drinks after work, or for a romantic date! It does get crowded and can get a bit loud, but still offers enough intimacy for you and your special friend! Food: A great spin on traditional Asian fare! The sushi was on par with typical sushi restaurants, but nothing spectacular. However, items I would recommend include the roasted duck has salad (full of flavor!), steamed soup dumplings (a bit overpriced, but a great taste of those from back at home!) and the duck...what...pork? They're steamed buns filled with duck and pork and are served in traditional bamboo baskets and are just the cutest lil sandwiches you'll ever see! Drinks: I had to give them they're own private section because they really are worth mentioning! A few favs come from the specialty cocktail menu. For those of you wanting just the right amount of flavor and not too strong, try the peared sake and toasted ginger snap. If you have more of a sweet tooth, try the go go berry! Despite Sunda being a bit on the pricey end, I would still highly recommend anyone to try it out. I'd take my family, friends and boyfriend there for sure! You'll be sure to see me frequenting the tables at Sunda!
