The sky opened up, the angels decended and started singing praises-and I felt I was reborn. I honestly could not beleive how good the food is for a chain restaurant-let us count the stars. We were told by a friend that Shaw's has a brunch service on Sundays and decided to give it a try. Made a reservation for 10ppl at 1230 and were seated promptly!! (+one star) Our server arrived within a few minutes and promptly took our drink orders. Service through out the meal was very attentive. Fresh squeezed OJ included!!! (+one star) Started out at the hot station, maple cured bacon, banana foster french toast, scrambled eggs, chicken sausage, lobster penne, crab cakes, jumbo fried shrimp, king crab legs-YES you read me right!, lobster bisque, mini belgian waffle with choice of fresh stawberry topping, omlette station. Each item on the station was prepared with care, the bacon(thick cut) really smoked with maple, had good amt of fat to meat ratio and the taste was out of this world! Sweet and savory! Lobster penne was cheesy and lobster-y, king crab was cut into bite sizes so all you have to do it pick the meat out with a fork-no mess and the carving station will ladle claified butter if you ask! Bite size belgin waffel cooked to PERFECTION, medium done topped with some sweet strawberries was enough-no additional syrup needed. (+1star) Cold station-oysters on the half shell, jumbo shrimp cocktail, sushi, ceviche, kingcrab/cantelope salad, cold king crab, asparagus salad. The king crab/cantelope salad was beutifully presented in a margarita glass, the sweetness of the crab and fruit complemented each other. I could not beleive this was on the buffett! (+1star) Sweet table-this was like walking into a bat mitvah but better! candy cane sticks, M&M's, cracker jacks, oreos, cotton candy, lollipops, gummy fish, for the kiddies, fruit compote, key lime pie, choc, cake, tiramisu, creme brulee, cookies, rasberry tarts and truffles for the big kiddies (+1star) if you do the math that's 5 stars!
