I really wanted to like this place after giving it another go. I have been here 4 times, once for a private party. After Billy Dec offered to give away a free Super Bowl ticket and then realizing it was all self-serving and no winner was announced, I decided to write my review based on my recent 4th visit to Sunda with a party of 13. Maybe he posts the winner the next day. If he can post all during the game, he should at least say, "Congrats, winner announced tomorrow." Back to Sunda. Party of 13 on a Sunday for brunch. The server was very sweet and did an okay job. Nothing wrong, but not outstanding. But because she was so sweet, I didn't mind. The person who runs the FB Sunda page stopped by to see how we were doing which was also nice. Let's get down to the nitty gritty. Their Bloody Mary Bar is exceptional. More items than imaginable including mushrooms, wasabi, eel and asparagus. The Loco Moco is a Hawaiian dish comprised of a hamburger party over rice topped with brown gravy and a fried egg. It was good because I was hungry but I made a better tasting version at home the next night. Oyster sauce and more onion seemed to give it what it was lacking at Sunda. Braised Pork Belly on Rice Patties-I had high hopes for this but it failed in that I decided I was done following the Chicago pork belly trend after this dish fell short. The Thai Omelet was okay at first but after a while it was really too much of the same thing and stopped being exciting after a few bites. Too rich. You know when you burp and disgustingly retaste the food? That's this omelet. Thai Retasted Omelet. Tempura French Batons-Sweet American brunch fare. Overly rich and the young ones didn't even gobble it up like they usually do with similar dishes at other restaurants. I thought it was okay but only had a few bites and the pecans. Lyoompya- Awful. I can make these at home and have tasted a hundred versions. All better than these. These had too many flavors going on and when it came down to it, I couldn't taste the pork or the shrimp. Wha??? I was suspicious from the moment they butchered the name Lumpia. Steamed Bao Buns. Yuck. Where's the sweet pork in these? The dough was tough and not sweet-smelling as a good pork bao should be. Skipped the duck. At this point, I am just here for the conversation and embarrassed that I picked this spot for so many foodies. Mochi- Everyone ate these and wanted another round since they were gratis. But we all know to get them at Trader Joe's or from any Asian grocer. These couldn't have been made at the restaurant. Sorry Sunda, I wanted to like you but too many dishes fell to far from the tree.
