First, please allow me to get this out: The food here is DE-LICIOUS!!!! Okay, thanks. Now moving on to the review *clears throat*... I've been wanting to eat here for some time. It's right off the Kedzie brownline stop so I'd always see it while passing it on the el. I'm part Middle-eastern so I always appreciate it when I find a good Middle-eastern restaurant. This place is Persian, though. But close enough for me. Sorry, too much backstory, I know... Point is, the food here was on point. Meat and chicken were tender, juicy, flavorful (man I am craving it all over again just thinking about it).... the rice was perfect (I had the dill rice, my significant other had the white-- both were scrumptous) Ordered hummus for an appetizer. Like I said, I'm part Middle-eastern, so I know good hummus when I taste it, and this was good hummus! Bread was warm, cut in convenient little triangles. We went there for lunch and it was packed! (there's a free parking lot by the way.... though street parking is fairly easy) This was at around 2-ish. After standing awkwardly by the door for five minutes, and then moving inward towards the "waiting area" I guess you could call it, we were finally seated. The service was friendly and fast, despite how busy they seemed to be. Best of all, the owner (I think he was the owner?), this jolly fellow, asked us if it was our first time there, to which we replied "why, yes, sir, it actually is!" and so he said, "by golly! we have some new comers! well, you must receive special treatment for joining us today!" Five minutes later he gives us a 3-part platter with 3 different appetizers. So that was really nice. And those appetizers were very tasty indeed. The place has a warm, comfy feel. Nice decor and cozy set-up. The only thing lacking was a touch of background music... though the hum of coversation that hovered as we enjoyed the deliciousness that was our meal..... gave it a nice, communal feeling. You'd think all that chatter would be annoying, but for some reason it surprisingly wasn't. I've been places where the chatter-filled ambience is unbearable. But I suppose because this place isn't huge, the volume factor was pretty controlled. And anyway, who knows, maybe their speakers were down that day or something. Either way, that was just a minor observation... one that did not deteriorate our experience one bit. Do go there. I will, again, definitely. Happy eating!
