Colleen has scolded me for not writing. Due to her whip cracking I'm reviewing the most memorable meal in the last month. Of course, memorable ain't always good. After finishing an audition I'd been working on for months and being told in as many words that I rock the casbah, I went here to celebrate on recommendation. FWIW the food was good. We had them little cheese biscuits with the truffle honey and I couldn't stop thinking about truffles for 48 hours. The hummus was meh... hummus without tahini? Without tahini, it's just cold bean dip, y'all. Dear restaurant industry- our palates are not beyond eating hummus the way it was made for the first few millennia of its history. Check out Mizrahi in Highland Park for the real deal!!! The people here were complete and total f*cking trash. 40 something pseudo milfs drunk at lunch with muffin tops cresting over their daughter's designer jeans and with shirts saying "flirt!" and "slut!"... truth in advertising. The guys weren't any better- one douchebag who was also sloshed at noon was proudly and loudly displaying his Jimmy Buffet Margaritaville tattoo on his calf. Classy. These folks should have been cut off long before we arrived, and generally lowered any standards the GF and I had set for the meal. I ordered a pair of flights, and though there were a couple surprises, I honestly found the vineal portion of the meal to be pedestrian, with the bottles under the Bin 36 label the most disappointing of the offerings. The server informed us that the Bin label is simply applied to some random Vitner's labor ala Arbor Highlands at Sam's. He even confessed that some of the wines may actually be blends of scraps from different estates. Even for the low price point, the bin wines were uniformly unbalanced- 3 buck Chuck, anyone? Highpoints- truffle anything, and Segura Aria sparking pinot. Low points- nearly everything else. My experiences at the Wicker Park location have been much better, as they (esp Cherry) have been much better at finding Vegetarian options, and not surrounding me with f*cking idiots. After hearing so much ranting about the downtown location, I had really expected more; this may fall into my first Tank Sushi experience. So much gushing over a joint leaves one with so far to be let down. I'll go back to Wicker Park, and know now exactly what *not* to drink, but this reminds me exactly why I don't go out downtown much anymore.
