Disappointing. My girlfriend recommended this joint based upon the strength of it's beer menu and quality of food. Unfortunately, I don't really drink beer but the (small)menu proudly states burgers cooked by some awesome chef from NY, so I pounced on the Blackened Burger with Bleu Cheese(cooked Medium). PS - He refuses to switch buns for certain burgers. The waitress whispered that he reserves his Pretzel Roll for select combinations. Whatever. It's a dead cow patty. Get over yourself. My expectations of a Bleu Cheese burger are that it will have a copious unhealthy amount of bleue cheese smeared on top of it. Grilled onions are usually par for the course. All of the grease from the aforementioned ingredients should make it's way into the exposed underbelly of the bun to create a sinful yet almost nutritionally defend-able meal(it's got onions!) Fail. I don't know if the friendly waitress got my order wrong or what, but what I received was an average tasting burger with some kind of vaguely sour tasting sauce dribbled into it's nooks and crannies. The rather chaste bun sitting on top looked almost embarrassed to be there, like it had stumbled into an awkward and ill advised three way between the meat, uncooked onions and tomato. It was also cooked medium rare. I confirmed with the waitress that I received the correct burger and then requested some extra bleu cheese. Didn't help. I scraped off the blue cheese "juice" and squirted some ketchup on there but gave up after a half-hearted nibble. Even the burger was not very good. The fries however..Oh my god. Truly the first fries I've EVER eaten that actually taste like a potato. I know that sounds weird. But when was the last time you actually got the hint of fresh potato in a french fry? I've eaten a lot of fries ranging from Hershey Squirt-inducing road trip drive thru's all the way up to fancy steakhouses and I have to say that none were as good as these. When the check came, the waitress charged me an extra 50 cents for the bleu cheese. Seriously? If you want a great burger, go to Jury's up the street. If I could combine their burgers with Bad Apple's french fries, I'd be a very fat man. As it stands, I'm not coming back.
