I don't know if I'm getting picky, getting old, or losing my edge, but, something's off. Once again I've tried one of the talked about hotpots, and left thinking "that's it?" That was my recent experience with The Publican. Don't get me wrong: the food was good, the service was good, the atmosphere was good, but, I expected to be blown away and gobsmacked by incredible everything. Frankly, it was just ok, no more, no less. We went on a Friday night and were greeted by 3 very lovely hostesses, who proceeded to seat us at a table for 2 about 3 steps from the host stand. Since it was freezing outside and right by the front door we asked if we could sit elsewhere, and they very kindly moved us to a big shared table. We don't mind the whole communal eating with strangers trend, but, be warned if you like your privacy. Luckily for us we got seated at the end of the table with a large family, and it was actually quite nice. They were a friendly group and a pleasure to dine with. Our waiter came by and explained the menu (shared plates at the top, larger dishes to the bottom) and pointed out some highlights (porchetta). We ordered drinks, and here's my first of only two minor complaints: the beer list. The beer list is hefty with numerous choices. There are Belgian selections, trappist selections, Belgian micro-brew selections, domestic selections..so many selections! So many UNIQUE selections, so I don't understand why there is no description of the beers? Most places with that type of beer list gives even a brief description of the taste, hoppiness, etc. Nada. I like trying new brews, but, it's hard to determine what I will/will not like if I don't know what I'm ordering. Enough of my beer rant. Our waiter did make good suggestions based on what we said we typically like. Second complaint: they charge a lot more for their beer than other places with similar, if not better, selections *cough*Hopleaf*cough*. We ordered the ham sampler platter which was, you know, good. 3 types of ham with goat butter and bread. Nothing wrong there, but nothing uhmaaaaazing, either. Then the pork rinds, which were good. They're pork rinds, been 'eatin 'em for years, but I guess now they're what, haute cuisine or the latest trend? These were okay, but, I didn't need the dusting of cheese powder; I like my cracklings with hot sauce. Whatever..they're pork rinds, they were good. We had oysters, again very good, and split the porchetta based on the recommendation of our waiter. It was, in a word, delicious, and I would love to eat my pork in that style and manner all the time. We got frites to go with it, and they were a nice compliment. We had zero room for desert, but I heard raves about the waffle. Overall? It was a nice dinner and we enjoyed it. I don't know if I'm missing something because I wasn't gobsmacked by my Publican experience, or if it's just a bit over-hyped, but a good time was had by all. We'll definitely go again and maybe the "WOW" factor will get me.
