Had a GrubWithUs meal here on Tuesday night with the girls from Through The Liquor Glass and it was a treat! We invited two mixologists to come to the dinner and mix us up some cocktails that would pair nicely with our food. Since it's BYOB, the restaurant was totally awesome about it and the drinks turned out great. For starters, we had: Shrimp Spring Rolls (Goi Cuon Tom ) Shrimp and assorted vegetables wrapped in rice paper. Served with a delicious, homemade plum sauce Chicken Salad (Goi Ga) Grilled filet of chicken breast tossed with mixed organic greens, lime dressing and topped with ground peanuts. The drink the girls made was called the South Pacific. It had gin, lemongrass-infused simple syrup, lemon juice, basil, and club soda. The flavors paired really nicely with the Vietnamese cuisine. For entrees, we had: Coconut and Mango Beef (Bo Dua) Beef tenderloin sauted with fresh mango, young coconut meat, garlic, onion, snow peas, and red bell pepper served in a coconut shell. Pineapple Calamari (Muc Xao Khom) A seasonal favorite! Calamari stir-fried with fresh pineapple and cashews. Served in a fresh pineapple. Tofu and Eggplant (Ca Tim Dau Hu) Lemongrass Chicken (Ga Sa Ot) Chicken stir-fried with sweet bell peppers, jalapeno, lemongrass and fresh herbs. Vegetarian's Delight (Nam Xao Rau) An exquisite combination of mushrooms, Shanghai bok choy, baby corn, napa cabbage sauted in a house-special sauce. Grilled Porkchops (Suon Heo Nuong) Pork Spare-ribs marinated in lemongrass, garlic grilled open fire oven and garnished with steamed veggies. They just kept bringing out food!!! The coconut and mango beef was probably my favorite because I loved the added touch of serving it in a coconut shell. There were choices for the vegetarians joining us, so that was excellent. I was so stuffed by the end of the main courses!!! But I had to make room for dessert: Fried Bananas fresh bananas lightly fried in a wrap; served with strawberry ice cream topped off with whipped cream and a chocolate drizzle; perfect way to end such a great meal! We also had a nice cocktail to go with our dessert: the Indochine Sidecar. It was made up of cognac, pear/star anise simple syrup, and lemon juice. I could have used someone with a "sidecar" to drive me home after that! But it was delicious. I LOVE bananas and anything fried. So bring the two together, and I will devour it!!! I would highly recommend Simply It. The staff was extraordinarily helpful and upbeat. The place filled up so you know it's popular! And the food was outstanding. I've got to go back there!!!
