I feel like I'm commiting a very serious offense by giving Piece 2 stars, but to be honest, I sort of only wanted to give it 1. I figured I'd be fair since I've only been here one time (& probably won't be back). I was really excited to have lunch here while we were in Wicker Park, after reading the reviews. However, our experience basically sucked, for the following reasons: 1. Our waitress, who seemed like she'd be a good one at first, was basically nonexistent throughout the rest of our stay. Two or three tables who were seated after us received their food before us, and I know for a fact it wasn't because our food was taking a long time to be cooked (see point 2 below). It was because our waitress was nowhere to be found. We asked one of the many employees who were just hanging around the front of the restaurant (see point 3 below) to check on our food, and he sort of wandered over in the direction of our waitress, who was at the bar -- I don't even think he spoke to her -- and then wandered back and sort of mumbled to us, "Yeah, your waitress'll check on it in a minute." Nice. Not surprisingly, she disappeared again after bringing us our food, and ultimately we had to send yet ANOTHER hanging-about-at-the-counter employee to get her, because it was taking way too long to pay -- and this time it was sort of funny, because I watched him as he went all over the restaurant looking for her, in and out of doors and all around. Took him forever to find her, WHO KNOWS what she had been doing. 2. The food may have been good, or it may have been really good, if it had not been left sitting out under the heat lamps for WAY too long. This is how I know that our slow service was the result of our waitress, not the cooks. My pizza had the hugest, grossest pool of grease that had collected in the middle (took about 5 napkins to sop it up), and my boyfriend's tuna melt was blackened on the edges, with cheese that was barely recognizable as such. Even his potato chips were hot, another sign that it had been left sitting under the heat lamp. As it was, the pizza wasn't bad -- I could tell that it may have been really good if it had been fresher -- but toward the end of it I found a long hair on one of the pieces. It could have been my own (although I doubt it, because of the way it was lying on the pizza), but it still skeeved me out too much to continue eating. 3. Seriously, what's up with the three or four employees who were constantly just hanging out at the front, leaning against the counter, reading the newspaper, whatever? Why are they here? What are they getting paid to do? Is there really absolutely no job that can be found for them to accomplish -- such as getting our food, for instance? Inefficiency really frustrates me, especially since we specifically ASKED one of them to do something for us and he blatantly did NOT. I really wanted to like this place. It's open and airy and very inviting, and I wanted to love the food. But I don't think I'll be back.
