If I could sum up Longman & Eagle's aesthetic / mood in 4 words, it would be: New American hipster chic. From decor to food, they take some classic combinations and dressed them up in unconventional ways to reinvent color and flavor profiles. After an afternoon of dress alterations, my fellow bridesmaid and I decided to celebrate that we still fit into our gowns by pigging out here. My life is all about making bad decisions. First up was an amuse bouche of tuna tartare with compressed peach and pickled daikon. As raw fish comprises ~50% of my diet (the other half being cheese), I've had a fair share of tartares, and the peach and radish were a radically different take on adding acid/lightness/sugar to the fish. I liked it. A lot. We split quite a few small plates. The foie gras ($15) came out first, and it was beautifully smooth. With sweet fig and a blueberry gastrique, the kitchen really added their own twist to the traditional torchon with brioche. The next dish, seared scallops with corn and fava beans ($12) was also a hit. I love English peas; the puree was subtle and a delicious complement to the perfectly cooked seafood. Finally, we shared the hiramasa tartare, which had compressed mango, cucumber and an avocado puree ($14). After eating the first tuna tartare amuse, I was a little curious to see how a small plate of yellowtail (hamachi) tartare would compare. Both fish were delicious, but the avocado puree on this plate rounded out and elevated the dish. For my entree I had the pork belly ($19). They sold me with the corn-bacon risotto and chanterelles. This plate was much darker and earthier than our appetizers. I wasn't prepared for it - it was an explosion of fall/late summer flavors, and the black garlic emulsion in particular added a serious bitterness to the dish. Finally, though we were groaning with satiety, we *had* to peek at the dessert menu. Of course, we also *had* to split a gianduja creme brulee ($8) - chocolatey, hazelnutty and creamy. Executed with perfect technique - what's not to like? Service was great and the atmosphere was awesome. We breathed a breath of relief upon arriving sans reservation around 6 pm. There was no line, so we got right in, but there was definitely a crowd when we were leaving. I'd keep this spot in my go-to meal repertoire along with sola and avec.
