With Le Colonial on my restaurant radar for the last 3 years, you can imagine my disappointment after dinner last night. What's this? Restaurant week prix fixe you say? Well don't mind if I do! Maybe the prix fixe is to blame, but I was incredibly bored with most of our dining experience. The atmosphere is amazing and beautiful, though the tables are very close together and our server had some trouble maneuvering to even get to our table. Speaking of the server, he was pleasant enough, but very off-putting, strange, and seemed to avoid eye-contact whenever we really wanted his attention. We ordered drinks, me with a Lychee martini on the recommendation of our server. It was fine, but after the first drink or two, I felt like I was sipping on perfume. My boyfriend had a glass of Pinot that was fine, however. First Course Pho: Decent, but I've had tastier up on Argyle without the gummy, overdone noodles. Goi Cuon Vit: Basically a salad roll with duck. This was really good, but you could tell it had definitely been prepped earlier in the day. Still, the flavors were nice and the roll was expertly prepared so it didn't fall apart when you took a bite (I hate that). Main Course ca nuong: Grilled salmon over vermicelli noodles; with dill, mesclun greens, & lime garlic fish sauce. I just realized the description mentioned dill which I don't remember even remotely tasting. Add to that list of phantom flavors the lime garlic fish sauce. The noodles were gummy, overcooked and tasteless while the salad was fresh tasting with some pickled veggies, but not dressed, so it was pretty disappointing as well. The salmon was the star of the evening, though. It was cooking incredibly well and very tasty, so I'm pretty sure it was the only thing that was freshly prepared. Tau Hu Cari: Lightly fried tofu with eggplant, asparagus, mango, yams & cashewsin yellow coconut curry sauce. I talked my boyfriend out of getting the filet because I wanted to split this with him. I apologized. The veggies were all good and the tofu was cooked perfectly, but I don't remember any yams in the dish at all. Maybe they left mine out or were running out from the increased restaurant traffic. The curry, which was the main reason for my selecting the dish, was BORING and BLAND. I was SO disappointed. I'm actually going to say it was the worst curry I've ever tasted. Dessert: Fried Banana Wonton. I'm pretty sure it's safe to say this was our favorite all-around dish of the night. The wonton was crispy and delicious. This was the first dish that brought a smile to my face. Still, I like my desserts simple, so if you're looking for refined and complex, this isn't it. It is delicious, though. Overall, I thought the portion size was generous and the menu was intriguing, but the food just didn't follow through on flavor. Maybe going during restaurant week was a mistake since they were very busy. However, this was an opportunity for Le Colonial to make it onto my short list of Chicago restaurants and I'm sad to say it landed incredibly off the mark. I'll only be back if I'm invited and someone else is picking up the heavier-than-necessary tab.
