Orack glides into dark and crowded L&E on a Saturday evening. The bar is full. All types of peoples are congregated; drinking, chatting, eating... Hipsters running the gamut from pseudo to full-blown, off the deep end. And of course, some suited-up wanksters. Orack waits for his companions the Chef and the Banker. Both arrive at exactly the same time although different modes of transportation were taken from different locations. The wait will be about an hour, the ironic-mustache-wearing maitre d' tells the three. Luckily they find an opening at the bar. The Chef and the Banker order gin cocktails while Orack has a Bourbon. After an hour of the Chef and the Banker talking about real estate, mutual functions and mutual friends, the three are seated in the still very congested dining room. Their table has a view of the minuscule kitchen and the bearded wizards performing their craft.  The waiter, in his skinny jeans and plaid shirt, announces his name and function. Beers are ordered. Beers are delivered. Cheers are made. The trio of Orack, the Banker and the Chef are hungry and are prepared to order plenty of food. Pate, meatballs and the Ipswich clam belly sandwich are all ordered. The Pate seems to be enjoyed by all, as well as the meatballs. The clam belly sandwich, enjoyed by the Chef, is a bit too dry and breaded for the Banker and Orack.  More beers are ordered. More beers are delivered. More stories are told. The trio orders Duo of Foie Gras. All three almost orgasm collectively when the hot chocolate/foie gras concoction is put to lips. The porchetta agnollotti comes and goes with its delicious usage of Cheez Whiz. The roasted pigeon looks a bit meager, but the flavors are pretty, pretty, pretty good the three agree. Orack flags down the server, whatever-his-name-is. Orack asks for an order of pomme frites.  The server becomes befuddled. We, um, can't do that, he responds rather nervously.  Um, you can't do that, the trio asks.  Well, let me check. The server walks the five steps to the kitchen and huddles with two of the kitchen wizards pointing in the direction of Orack, the Chef and the Banker. He walks the five steps back. No, we can't do it. You can order a burger though! Um, okay... The Chef understands the principle behind the rule and explains it to Orack and the Banker. The three still don't care though and they begin to plot a take down of the server and a way to acquire an order of frites without ordering a burger. More beers are ordered, more beers are consumed. They begin to talk shit about the silly pomme frites policy. Orack goes as far to suggest a pomme frites Nazi in the kitchen.  No Frites For You, Orack says wildly, paying homage to Seinfeld. Cheers are made and more food is ordered. The roasted Miller chicken is absolutely succulent and divine, the three conclude. They take turns drinking the sweet onion broth. The Snake River sturgeon is ordered. The Snake River sturgeon is delivered and devoured. The three crown the dish the best of the night, if only they could have some pomme frites on the side they all think aloud. The somewhat clever "Steak and Egg" dish, with beef short rib and farm egg, is the final entree of the evening for the trio. Aside from the portion size being on the bigger side, nothing is remembered from this dish by any of the three for the rest of their lives.  The three have already been full for some time, but somehow still have room for some damn pomme frites, they tell the server. The server laughs it off, wondering when these three fucking pretentious assholes will stop ordering, eating and trying to be funny.  More beers are ordered. More cheers are made. Dessert is offered, dessert is ordered. The Banker steps up to the plate. We'll have an order of Pomme Frites.  So you want the burger, the server asks with his quick draw.  The trio give up on the pomme frites and give credit where credit is due: to the kitchen staff, server and proprietor for sticking to their guns.  Two desserts are ordered. Two desserts are eaten in their entirety. Neither are remembered by name or by ingredient.  The three stumble out into the night, bellies full and brains jumbled.
