I am going to settle with the 3 stars on this one only because the sangwiches I ate didn't jump out at me and say, "This is a sandwich with authentic Cuban flavor!!!!!". The location is about 3/4 of a mile from my residence and so the walk is brief, I am very glad to support the place and delighted something went in after Uncle Calvin's BBQ went under. Never went to Cal's but I know the officers of the law did.I went to 90 Miles just because my neighbor wanted to go. The item that stood out the most was the coffee, I believe it was termed 'Cortadito'. Wow! Great coffee flavor and only $1.50.  I remember thinking, "This is the best coffee I have tasted in nearly 5 months!". With this economy and all, I am back to buying pre-ground coffee out of the can. Bitter pill. Bitter pill. I have no sense of design, interior or exterior, but when I went in, I was pretty thrilled. I have not been able to visit the original location on Clybourn, so I don't know if the design is a theme that was brought over from the former. They have done well with the place, and I would imagine dining outside is a bit of a treat as well. As a matter of fact, I just walked past it today, and some customers were doing exactly that while their dog remained tied to the City of Chicago sign outside without any water to drink on a warm day like today for a black furry dog.The staff were all exceedingly aware of the importance of being pleasant and welcoming. This is another point that really made the experience a good one. They treated my neighbor and I well. Very friendly.I think folks should go here for a bite to eat. Support these fine people, keep this fine business in our fine neighborhood. Makes me sad that the pizza joint didn't stick around, the one down just west of the elevated tracks by Milwaukee and Armitage, it is the place with the brilliant red exterior. Keep these local ones around, we don't need any sports bars in the area. Everyone should walk the 3/4 of a mile to go to 90 Miles. They have something going here. And, as I recall, the music was pretty nice, in addition.
