The secret's always been out about Schwa - amazing food, amazing experience and impossible to get into. Among other things. The real *secret* about Schwa is something you can't really put your finger on, at least I can't at least. It probably has a lot to do with the set up of the kitchen, its staff and ambiance. With a host, waiter, head chef, sous chef, other cooks and more all working together - with Jameson - on all the jobs in the restaurant, visible to the 20 or so guests in the house, the energy and "we're all in this together" feel is amazing. We ordered the 9-course tasting menu, obviously. In looking back throughout the meal, losing track of the courses, we came up with more like 11 or 12 or 13 courses if you include the cherry-covered-chocolate-in-whiskey amouse bouche and the coriander and basil (and something else) soda course. On to the food. The key highlights for us were the "baked potato" soup that "pays homage to the baked potato bars of the 1980's at Wendy's" w/ emulsified scallion and bacon to match the puffed pork belly; the quail egg ravioli with aged Parmesan and brown butter; the pheasant and whiskey ingredients; salmon sous-vide; and pig head with brioche bread emulsion all stood out. Add the coconut crusted foie gras on apricot 'jam' and you've got most of your major food groups covered. And then some. At three hours plus for service and conversation, we were woefully under-prepared BYOB-wise, bringing *only* a bomber of Sofie and a bottle of Cabernet. So, in reading between the lines on that sentence, let this be a warning: dinner at Schwa is over three hours long and you're going to want to have a stockpile of beverages to get you through the night. For us, luckily, we made nice with the staff early and they offered up a couple of beers from their private stock to carry us over and to make sure we "kept up" with them. The *secret* about Schwa isn't exactly a secret, but a part of me feels like if I went into more detail about the vibe or the food I'd somehow be taking away from it. Bottom line, Schwa's flavors and fun are game changers in what gourmet food is all about. White table cloths and Michael Jackson on the speakers? Yes.
