I am a 'frequenter' and after the 20th time staying here, it's consistently ranked among the best hotels I've visited for: comfort, responsive staff and comprehensive services. It is a HUGE hotel compared to what I am used to yet I feel comfortable here. Show Me: The Hyatt is very central, I can catch the El , catch a cab, walk anywhere and it's close to great great restaurants. So I have the food situation down by staying here. As far as visuals, my favorite places to walk to are Millenium Park and the Art Institute of Chicago when I am here over the weekend- two stellar attractions in the city. Downtown Chicago is about architecture and no where in our country can you witness amazing styles from Frank Gehry to Art Deco to modernist Chicago (I like to call it because I dont know the name, LOL). I am not an architecture person but you cannot avoid admiring this beautiful city, the structures and how it evolved to an utopia of American life.  From atop and street level of this hotel you can witness Chicago during rush hour: a marvel of orderliness and efficiency. People queue up to get on public transportation 24x7. Where in the world do you see behaviour like this? It's not like NY where "it's every man for himself"  The subterranean roads for trucks/deliveries separate from city traffic is genius! Whoever thought about this solution was way ahead of her time! I am constantly amazed that such a huge metropolis functions efficiently day in and day out, chaos minimized. There's still traffic yes but somehow rush hour 'feels' organized here. Stay & Work: Pan back to your personal space. Rooms at the HR are modern, very comfortable but not spacious by Cali standards.  Be prepared these are Euro/ NY-sized rooms. I've received faxes (delivered when requested), I've sent faxes, received packages, nothing lost. I've requested printing services, messengering, even paper and what sets the HR apart is I don't get the "No you can't " vibe here.  Service is prompt. I bring a data card everywhere I go so WIFI is not an issue. I can work here and request a service and in 10 minutes max, bingo!  Gym facilities are up-to-date and clean.  I love the workout/cardio machines here more than any of the other ("Big 4") hotels and depend on them regularly. I especially appreciate who ever thought about the shape of the Hyatt gym towels, they're super long enough to wrap around your neck..... long enough to lay on a machine to cover the back of your head down to your back.  If you are concerned about hygiene at the gym, you know what I am talking about.  The heating/cooling systems are efficient and never had a complaint. Hyatt is truly making an effort to be distinct. They're checkin process is different from most hotels. I feel the lodging experience here is about comfort and personal service. Leave Me Alone: When you hang the DND tag on your door, they will not knock even if its after 1pm. The will expect for you to call Housekeeping when you want your room to be serviced or not at all.  No accidental knocking from housekeeping. In the morning hours, housekeeping staff tend to work in the background, unobtrusively. I like that.......Lemme sleep however long if I want to! Feed me: Food-wise, I can order a perfectly grilled steak (not cheap) or surf and turf made in the same style as a superior steakhouse like Gibsons (a mile down the block). Oddly almost any restaurant closeby, high-end or not, will deliver to the Hyatt, no extra charge.  I use my trusty Yelp app to monocle a restaurant closeby.  I've done this before a few times........... in the dead of winter when there's absolutely no way I'm going out there!!!. Not even to walk 4 steps into a cab. No way, ah- ah....LOL! I can survive in this hotel without leaving it's premises. Visits: 20+
