What a difference a few months make. Obviously, Big Jones has taken a lot of the criticism on this site to heart, because my second experience at this Southern Coastal Cuisine spot reversed all of my sad experiences with everything on the line: brunch with the IN LAWS! I've been meaning to go back and give Big Jones a second shot. I had hoped that the flops of my initial experience would just amount to kinks of a new establishment, I am thrilled to admit that they have been worked out! Sure, I was in for brunch, but what I experienced the second time around was an entirely perfect dining experience, full of exciting and unique menu options, perfect preparation and brilliant service! Beignets are as advertised: light, moist, buttery and sweet. Cocktails are refreshing and unique--a greyhound cooler was the perfect post-party remedy. Sharers rejoice! A very diverse menu offers savory new-school takes on Southern Comfort food, incorporating spicy, buttery and fresh into every bite. It is only with friends that you can dig that fork into the many options that seemed to be prepared to perfection all around us. My Eggs Rochambeau were addicting and likely horrible for me. Sirloin slices were rare and juicy, sitting above some of the best potato pancakes I've ever had..better than my mom's latkes! The Tasso ham & cheese sandwich is delicious, perfectly crispy and rich. Those damned fried onions, potatoes and okra with a zippy cream dipping sauce are awesome! My mother-in-law's fried green tomato BLT was the perfect combination of tangy, salty, crispy and creamy. Seriously, I don't think I stopped eating, whether it be off of my own plate or someone else's. I trashed the grits in my last review. I loooooove grits. I am so excited at how nicely prepared the cheese grits were this time around. Perfect! Creamy, cheesy, buttery, damn! A little hot sauce on top and you have a knockout compliment, as if one was necessary. I'm such a pig, I ordered them as a side. I'm very glad I did. Service has a taken a huge leap forward. Our server was bubbly, gracious and happy to have us. Front staff were incredibly polite and offered happy waves to us on our way out. I would highly recommend Big Jones for brunch. A combination of unique offerings, great hangover cocktails and friendly service make it the perfect place to take in a slow Sunday morning. The flavors and people will be sure to brighten your day. I'll be back soon to try dinner again. Welcome to Andersonville, Big Jones!
