Went here on a date night and it was the right call... This Irish gastro is a perfect date spot. I would go as far as to call it a "deal sealer" spot. The decor is really nice, lots of tile throughout, brass, dark woods, nice lighting, etc. We had a short wait at the semi packed bar, they have a number of tasty sounding house drinks but I went with old faithful and had a Jameson on the rocks. The bartender was attentive and regardless of the crowd made you feel like the only guest. The menu is expansive and typical gastro pub style with tons of 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th course items. The service is outstanding, no pressure to order, very knowledgeable staff. All musts when on a date. For a starter we ordered the Scotch egg which I've never had before...thing looks like a deep fried dinosaur egg but once you cut into its amazing. Picture a tasty breakfast rolled into one egg shaped item, egg was perfect, tasty sausage inside, crust wasn't soggy, and the side of spicy mustard simply made the dish. We also had the fries (chips) with the curry gravy, which was just awesome but the serving is so massive that its too much for two people and you feel like a fat ass eating all of that gravy. We split 2 entrees, the peppered hanger steak that comes with a feta, watermelon, basil, mint salad which is a great cool compliment to the spicy steak. This was a hit. We also split the locally bought whitefish that comes with mushrooms in a very light broth. The fish was perfectly cooked but I just wish there was more with the plate. Overall the place has great food, great service, and a very expansive menu. Great for trying to impress that girl you like. 1.) You bring her to the loop so you look like a guy that branches out of your comfort zone 2.) Its a gastro pub so you look cool and like a guy who is in the know of what's hip and you can spend 20 minutes on what a cool guy you are and how your taste buds have "matured over the years" 3.) The menu has everything from elk to boring ass chicken so if she is lame and unadventurous she will still be OK. If you are on the cusp with a lady friend then this place will get it done.
