Unlike Next, which we'd eaten at the previous night, where each dish is completely recognizable but notable for being the best possible incarnation of itself, Alinea delivers a meal created by Willy Wonka, with all the rules thrown out the window. I won't recount every course, just highlight the dishes that made me laugh, or let me know this was a restaurant like no other, a place where there were no rules that had to be followed, a sanctuary which allowed a chef freedom to go wherever imagination led. For example, while the beverage choices were explained, six bowls containing blocks of ice resting on beds of pebbles were placed on the table, without a word being said about what they were for. Each block had a hole drilled in the center, and once we'd made our decisions about what we'd be drinking, servers then came to the table with glass straws filled with steelhead roe in a liquid and stoppered at either end with foam. We were instructed to take our straws, fit them into the perfectly sized hole, now filled with ice melt, and inhale the mixture in a single slurp as quickly and as loudly as we could. The frigid rush of roe and herbs and peach (I'm unsure whether that fruit flavor came from the straw or the melt) was sweet and salty and made us giggle, a perfect start to the most unusual meal of my life. For Lamb 86, we were each presented with a narrow plate containing three perfect pieces of lamb, each prepared in a different manner, and two plexiglas shields were placed in the center of the table, each with 86 different garnishes, none of them identified, but all, we were promised, fitting accompaniments to the lamb. I cut the three tender servings into three smaller pieces so I could experience more of the flavor combinations, and the table turned into a guessing game as we each plucked the sides that tempted us and tried to identify what we'd chosen. Not every course was as unusual in its presentation as that. Some courses astonished with their perfection alone. Hot Potato, Cold Potato, which we were told was one of the oldest courses that still remained on the Alinea menu, consisted of a paraffin bowl filled with cold potato soup, while a hot potato and a piece of truffle were held aloft by a skewer which went through the lip of the bowl. We were to pull the pin, and the moment the two ingredients met, we were to toss it back, so the soup had no time to warm, the potato no time to chill, and the two flavors and temperatures only came together on the tongue. Then there was the Black Truffle Explosion, which was served on a spoon, and to be chewed with closed lips, so none of the delectable juice escaped. These awed not by the science fictional nature of their presentations, but from the precise combination of their ingredients, eaten at exactly the right moment. One course that makes clear why a dish must be eaten when served is the green apple helium balloon, which if not ingested upon delivery, would, I fear, end up collapsing upon itself before eaten. The skin of the balloon as well as the string with which we held it were both made of apply taffy, and we were told to press our lips against the balloon, take a bite, and inhale. My mouth filled immediately with the intense flavor of apple--and with helium as well, of course--so we were all soon talking about how amazing it tasted while sounding like Mickey and Minnie Mouse. For our final course, the table was cleared, and we were asked to lift our glasses as a silicone covering was rolled out. Servers then brought many small bowls, two metal jugs sweating with condensation, and three white globes with circular holes in their tops. Then two chefs arrived, and began spooning out the contents of the bowls onto the table, scattering them like culinary Jackson Pollacks as they identified each--freeze-dried strawberry, English pea, buttermilk cream, and so on. Then the chefs each lifted a jug and announced, "liquid nitrogen," and poured the contents into the white globes, which caused a fog to rise and cover the table. Finally, the chefs lifted the globes, which were made of white chocolate, and smashed them upon the table, revealing the goodies within--meringues, cotton candy, miniature jelly donuts, condensed honeydew melon, and more. After which we took our spoons and attacked, not making as much of a dent as the creation deserved. At meal's end, we stepped out of the restaurant ... four hours and thirty-nine minutes after we had arrived. Yes. The meal took four hours and thirty-nine minutes. But I assure you that it did not feel as if that much time had passed, because ... oh, I'm going to go into cliche mode now, but you know how it's sometimes said that time stood still? Well, time didn't stand still, per se, but ... let's just say that while we were in Alinea, it didn't exist. We were outside of time, in a pocket universe all to ourselves.
