I've recently had my third experience at Graham Elliot and am kicking myself for not having written this earlier. The first time I visited the place the food was good, the ambiance decent, and the presentation a so-so; I would have said 3.5 stars. However, my last two meals have been phenomenal. It's tucked away in the River North area, somewhat hidden by the building's understated fascia. Entering the restaurant is quite pleasant with the host/hostess podium being quaint. They've had various spices stewing on a hot-plate up front, wafting a nice scent around the space. Nice touch! The bar is directly to the left and offers seating for maybe 12 or so. I'm not really a big drinker but the mixologists were very helpful with beer suggestions. The waitstaff (Jim S. and Jim B. in particular) are very knowledgeable about the cuisine and it shows in their detailed descriptions of the cuisine and subtleties in meal component taste. The rest of the staff was friendly and seemed like they cared about their work. The only thing I might suggest is larger water glasses so they don't have to come and fill mine so often; I pour more water in my gullet, than spills over Niagara. The decor is very warm, a lot of chocolaty browns and earthy goodness are used throughout. Red, green and orange lights hang above, adding a nice splash of color. One of the interesting interior design features is their wall, inset into them are shadow boxes with inlaid mirrors; they have various yellow objects inside(oranges, lemons, candles) that reflect infinitely, they seem to change seasonally as well. It's a little touch that lets you know something will be different with every visit. The room is divided down the center by a chest high partition, it seems to afford a little more privacy than an open floorplan. You don't feel too crowded by other diners and noise levels aren't outrageous. The waitstaff dress is really down to earth; jeans, a brown shirt, and maybe some Chucks. On to the food! Forget bread, this place brings you popcorn, each time it's been spiced different. We had some garlic popcorn which didn't last too long at our table. I'm normally a bread lover, but I find the popcorn to be lighter and more accessible to those new to fine dining. The menu nicely updates itself seasonally. For the first course I tried the Potato-leek terrine and my friends had the oyster flight. The potatoes and leeks were perfectly cooked, the salad with it added a nice acid. It was also served with frothy potato shot; incredibly creamy with a little hit of salt. I was told that the four preparations of oysters were amazing as well. My entree was a Monkfish Wellington, I've never personally heard of a fish being used in a Wellington, but hey let's take a crack at it. Presentation has really stepped up since my first visit. There were black lentils and a perfectly done celeriac puree at the base. The fish is wrapped in a filo dough, though it was slightly soggy in some parts but overall very light and buttery, I wondered if it was made on site, as it's very labor intensive. The fish was very flaky and had a great taste, it was dense with with slight sweetness. My friends ordered, pork belly with grits and an egg on top (heart attack food), salmon with a spicy red sauce and lamb-chops over cous cous which was thought to be particularly well cooked. There was a dessert amuse bouche of hot chocolate with a homemade marshmallow. Wow... who decided to put this rich chocolate mouth magic in a cup? Velvety with just a hint of bitteress in the after-taste. My dessert was a banana french toast with a cinnamon ice cream, very good but a little underwhelming when compared to the desserts my friends chose. Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate was what both of the girls ordered, the name alone hooked them. It consisted of three beignets, each with a different filling, alongside a spoon of chocolate ice cream with what tasted like a Cookie Crisp (yeah, the cereal). One of us was from Louisiana and thought the beignets were just as how he remembers from back home, except with a chocolate kick. They were crisp and moist, the raspberry filling being the favorite. Last, was the Pineapple Ravioli, wafer thin pineapple slices taking the position of the pasta. I didn't get a good sample of the actual ravioli but did taste the candied cilantro which was spectacular, the sweetness melted in your mouth, finishing with a light cilantro taste, very clever! Prices are reasonable and about what you'd expect for a mid-range fine dining experience. With drinks and three courses for four people the bill was just over $200. I'd say this is a good place for someone that's not really a foodie; it lacks the usual pretentiousness and a lot of the food has a familiar home cooking element to it. Jump on Open Table already and reserve!
