I was very nervous walking in here because previous reviews were either "I loved it" or "not." Personally, I liked this place enough to go back and try other things on their menu. Allow me to explain. First, the location for me cannot be matched. As others have said, there's nothing else in this neighborhood that meets what uncommon ground is able to do...it's a cross between "finer dining" and "casual dining" without being pretentious, which I appreciate. Sometimes, you just want a step up from the usual Thai for $6 dinner and UG was that place today. Our service was wonderful. We were seated promptly in a dining room that was comfortable and friendly. The wine list was amazing...just from the descriptions you could choose to travel to France, Italy, or--as we chose--Napa. The cabernet we picked was wonderful. The server was ready to answer our questions if we had them (which we really didn't.) Our main course was good. I had a pizza which was super crispy thin crust (just like I LOVE...but not oven fired...don't get too excited). Everyone's entrees were good and, given the unique flavor combos and the "one step up from usual" ingredients, we were more than satisfied (this, of course, is the dinner menu). Up to this point, my review was wavering between 3 and 4 stars, but let me talk to you about the dessert for one minute. We ordered some cherry-ginger--wonderful cookie confection with "salty peanut" gelato and a tasting bowl of 3 kinds of sorbet: caramel and goat cheese, "salty peanut" (which was described to us as "like peanut butter" but ended up being 10 times more sublime), and cucumber-rose. This dessert just made me happy. The cookie thing wins HANDS DOWN. I was amazed at how well ginger and peanuts pair together but I would pay mucho deniero to have it again. It was wonderful. In the end, the dessert and the wine sold us on this place. I definitely want to go back to try out the other "menu regulars" and their other specials looked wonderful. There's more exploration to be done here, but I can definitely say that for a middle-of the-road dining experience in Edgewater, this place totally cuts the mustard. The slightly higher prices are totally worth it. I'll certainly be back...if only for the gelato...but really, isn't that enough?
