Oh Alinea, how I wanted to love you. We waited months to visit, stressed about getting our reservation, and anticipated the dinner probably far more than we should have. Maybe if I hadn't done my homework prior to coming here, I wouldn't have such high expectations. The presentation is amazing. The creativity put behind the dishes is what sells this place. I just wish that the rest of the experience supported that. The wait staff was hit or miss. There were a few gentlemen who were fantastic at their job. I don't care whether you are working at Alinea or Dennys...your job is the same. A server should be able to adapt to their patrons regardless of personality. We had a few who could drop off a dish and flutter away without even being noticed and then come back again when we were feeling chatty and keep up with our slightly wine-induced humor. Then there were some that were just so rigid in their disposition that I felt uncomfortable. One in particular came off as incredibly pretentious. Hearing his affected accent when describing wines and food made me cringe, and this culminated in his describing a Hungarian wine to a table adjacent to ours and sneaking out "Budapest" in the most horrific accent I have ever heard. I am Hungarian. No...just...no. Chef Achatz came out for the dessert and I didn't even realize it was him until hours later at home when my boyfriend pointed it out. I wasn't expecting a huge show, but a modest introduction from him would have been kind. He simply walked over and began tossing things on the table with brief explanations under mumbled breath.  I will not go on and on about the details of the dinner as many people have before. If you can look past the service, the food is enjoyable. Is it the best meal I have ever experienced? No. Is is the most creative? Could be, but molecular gastronomy is all fairly creative. I most likely will not go back as there are so many other options to try in the same price point, but it was a good experience nonetheless.
