Worst experience ever! So embarrassed I asked my 11 friends (mid 20's-30's) to join me here for my birthday. I have been to Ruth Chris Steak House over 50 times in my life and have been going to them for over 15 years. I am sad to say I was completely disrespected by the manager and chef and because of that will never come back. We were cut off from ordering drinks the minute we sat at our table and hadn't even began drinking, they said "we were a threat to the wait staff", how rude is that, if you are sacred of us why did you seat us in your restaurant? We were also drinking water so it really didn't make sense. Than after I asked her why she was being like this she told me "to sit down because she didn't really care what I had to say about it... Don't waste your time giving Ruth Chris Chicago another shot, she's outgrowing the city and is becoming to old to serve the new generations. Thanks for the worst dining experience I have ever had. It doesn't matter what the quality of the food was we were to disgusted to eat it after we found hair in multiple dishes that the chef Chris later said was his. The service besides (the best server Justin who actually rocks), has completely gone to hell, the manager at this place Jenny has no clue what customer service is, she 100% should be fired immediately. She called the police on us because she didn't want to talk to us face to face about our meals we were dissatisfied with... When the cops came they told us we didn't have to pay because it was a civil manner and we were to disgusted to eat our food. We paid anyways (even though we only at our salads and apps) because we didn't want to stick the bill to the waiter who would have had to cover it if we didn't. When we got up to leave, our table was full of plates with food on them. They got 5 of our orders wrong in addition to the hair issue. The service and overall treatment was horrific. Also the sue chef Chris should be fired for purposely putting hair in our food and telling us he did. That's really gross and a huge liability for Ruth Chris. Don't go to Ruth Chris if you are looking for a steak in Chicago. Try something else like Morton's, Roka, Wildfire, Chophouse, firehouse or something else not Ruth Chris! P.S. I have tried to connect with the GM and Ruth Chris headquarters, and have yet to hear back. Great customer service guys.... - Enjoy the other reviews from my friends, look for the ones with 1 star.
