First, let me say that we experienced none of the service lapses that others have reported. We arrived on time for our reservation and were immediately given our choice of tables - dining room which was described as "noisy" or the "quieter" lounge area. We chose the dining room and it wasn't actually all that noisy. The crowd seemed to be a mix of locals and tourists. My 3 star review is based on the fact that there was nothing especially right or wrong with the Kinzie Chop House, it was just sort of ordinary. After being seated, our water glasses were promptly filled and menus were presented. I then had to ask for the wine list, and the response was "You want a bottle??" as though this was an unusual request. But the list was then brought promptly. The wine list is fiarly extensive, and I found several we would have enjoyed. The prices were neither high for Chicago or a bargain. After selection the bottle was brought promptly. We were then shown the tray of steaks, which were well described, including which ones could cook more and which needed to be more on the rare side (not a problem for us). After ordering, the starters were brought promply, and our choices of the baked goat cheese and a mushroom gorgonzola tart were both fine, although I can't say I tasted much gorgonzola in the tart. The only real lapse is that there was a fairly long gap between the starters and the main course, just enough that we were sort of looking around hopefully. The steaks were OK, properly cooked, but not terribly flavorable. By the time I was halfway through my Kansas City Strip I was frankly tired of it. Not full, just tired. The sides were a mix of good and ordinary. The onion rings were great (although mysteriously served with Ketchup!), the Asparagus, which was a special, was fine, but the "Bacon and Scalion Smashed Potatoes" held no discernable bacon that we could identify, either by sight or taste. We skipped dessert, which seemed a bargain at $5.95, but nothing on the list, which read like a top 10 list of every formerly "in" dessert of the past 15 years, excited us. All in all, nothing terribly wrong, but I won't be back soon.
