Boo Marriott. You may have comfy beds but hospitality could be SOOO much better. I arrive around 9PM on Wednesday and head to the front desk. The lady asks me how my day was. I reply well, it's been trying. I was stuck for over 4 hours in Long Beach Airport because of the wonderful Chicago weather. Being this is my first time to Chicago, not really enjoying it too much. To top it off the organizer neglected to tell me that there were so many stops on El train from Ohare to here, so it was close to another hour of traveling. I'm tired and hungry, which causes me to start to get headache. Marriott asks for my name, so I can check in. She then tells me..."Oh, you're not supposed to check in until tomorrow." I'm thinking "WTF, do you not see me here?" Then proceeds to tell me there's no space available. She doesn't offer to help me find a new place. Mind you this is my first time in Chicago and I have no idea where to stay. Luckily, my organizer just steps in from dinner. I tell her what's up and she's gives the front desk a piece of her mind. By chance, one of the other conference attendees also got stuck and couldn't fly in to Chicago so I was going to take her room since she wouldn't be able to check in. Mind you my conference organizer is the one figuring this out NOT Marriott. Marriott doesn't offer to find me any alternative housing, if that room wasn't free due to circumstances, I have no idea where I would have been sleeping. BOO!!!!! I finally get to my room at 10PM, I have no energy to go exploring and I have a full on headache now but know that I have to eat or I'm going to feel like sh!t. Sadly, my only real option now is room service. (Mind you I never order room service this was my first time). Order their chicken portobello pasta but then get a call back later that they're out of portobello. *sigh* I've lost all energy to argue and just settle for plain mushroom. Of course it's still priced a ridiculous amount of money, I should have gotten it cheaper. I don't blame the kitchen staff. He was nice man. He throws in bottle water for free and does apologize and is sincerely sorry. Can't blame him. I blame MARRIOTT. BTW their internet should be for free. Waaay too expensive. Should have thrown some perks in for all the crap I had to deal with.
