I absolutely love the Violet Hour, and I don't care how many stumbling drunk passers-by want to loudly tell me how Pretentious it is.  Maybe I'm missing something, but I guess I don't see a problem with having a couple of places in the entirety of Chicago where I can get a quiet cocktail with a few friends without having to scream over drunk Bros on their 4th jager bomb or fight my way to the bar through a crowd of downtown dickbags drenched in cologne. I will gladly wait 25 minutes in line once in awhile for this experience. I love that this place is quiet, and that the chairs and booths are high enough that, despite the large size of the space, conversations are still completely intimate.  I love that the servers give you space, but offer input if you seem to need it. I love Love LOVE the bouncer. Such a polite introduction to an interesting place...and that soothing, soft voice of his...! I love that you can't use your cell phones. Not because I care if anyone else is chatting on theirs--and trust me, the rule is no deterrent to most patrons--, but because it reminds me to put the goddamn thing down every so often and relax. But mostly, I love that this totally rounds out the Chicago scene for me. I moved from NYC and didn't know what to expect. Then, I was introduced to the wonder that is the "Drink Special", was pleasantly surprised by the number of great local dives right in my neighborhood, and was thrilled to find a secret speakeasy not too far away. It's PDT (is that place still a thing?...I've been gone awhile) but TEN TIMES BIGGER!...though sadly missing the phone booth and hot dogs. Good job, Chicago. If you are out and looking for a cheap, no frills drink...just don't go here. It's not what you want right now. No one can argue the merits of a good old fashioned dive bar and a shot or three of Jameson, but once in awhile it's nice to put on a skirt or whatever, order a drink with an egg white in it, and enjoy some conversation in a dimly lit, heavily curtained, perfectly lovely Chicago bar.
