Thanks to Zipcar, my husband and I got back again. We arrived a little after 6pm on a Thursday, and this place was BUSY! We were afraid we had to wait, but fortunately the 2-seater tables were open, so we were happily seated. We both started with the Vodka infusion of the day, which was cucumber and mint. It was really yummy, but I couldn't taste any vodka in there. I guess Davanti isn't really known for the cocktails, so we switched to wine after that.  We opted out for any spread, because I wanted to try other yummy dishes. We ordered the truffle egg toast, the black pepper spaghetti, risotto, and the hanger steak middle rare. The black pepper spaghetti was good, but my husband didn't think it was as impressive as the first time we had it. The dish was a little watery, and pepper taste was not as profound. I mean it's good, but I think the standard might have slipped. The truffle egg toast was really amazing. I love truffle oil, so anything with truffle oil on, I'm all over it. It's a pretty big toast, topped with two eggs, and all rested on bed of asparagus. My only complaint is, it's still not wowing me. The truffle egg toast at DiSotto Enoteca (downstairs from Francesca's on Chestnut) was just as good. (Side note, I cannot believe Francesca's on Chestnut has the same owner as Davanti. I had the worst Italian food at Francesca's on Chestnut. BUT DiSotto Enoteca has really yummy small dishes too... Sorry, I get distracted easily) The risotto was one of the best risottos I've had. It's perfectly cooked, topped with a farm egg, with English pea and some bacon or ham or some sort of meat bites in there. The flavor profile is unique, and again, I always appreciate a perfectly cooked risottos. Hanger Steak was my lease favorite of the night. Maybe I'm used to more tender filets at normal steakhouses, this steak just too chewy for me. And it's more like medium, not medium rare. BUT, Davanti is an Italian place, not a steakhouse, so I will cut it some slack. Finally, I got to get some dessert! We got the butterscotch pudding and the gelato flight. The butterscotch pudding was yummy, but after the Miso Butterscotch at Allium, I don't think I should even attempt to get anything butterscotch-y anywhere else. The gelato flight has banana, strawberry, and blood orange. Blood orange sorbet is by far my favorite. It's sweet and sour, and topped with candied oranges, very unique. Ok, i will be back again!
