I went to Spacca Napoli last Saturday night after reading many of the reviews here, both good and bad. I recommended this place to my party, figuring if there's a wait to get seated every weekend, there's gotta be a good reason. We were not disappointed... Upon arriving at just past seven, the place was indeed packed and we were told the wait could be up to an hour and fifteen minutes. We decided to wait it out (turned out to be a little under an hour), and it was decidedly worth it. The owner came over twice while we stood in line serving appetizers of flat breads and cheeses to the patiently waiting (and hungry) crowd. And even though they didn't have a sit-down bar, the hostess was more than happy to take all of our drink orders while we waited, uncorking the bottle of Italian wine we purchased right there on the spot... The hostess (who I'm assuming was also the proprietor's wife) told us that while a few other places in the city tried to prepare and cook pizza in the Neapolitan tradition like they did, they just didn't compare. When asked why, she informed us that not only did Jonathan become accredited by attending school in Naples for three years, but that their oven was imported from Naples as well (and what a beautiful oven it was--completely tiled in mosaics)... We started out with two appetizers made with water buffalo mozzarella, and let me tell you that was some of the best mozarella I've ever tasted! We followed that up with a couple of delicious pizzas (no leftovers to be found here), and concluded with several of their decadent desserts (I wish I could tell you the names, but I was fairly drunk by this point). The waitstaff even brought us a round of complimentary dessert wine after dinner, which I thought was a really nice touch... In short, we were impressed by everything about this place, from the decor to the service to the food. If you don't mind the longer wait on a weekend night (which can be half the fun if you're with the right people and drinking), I think you'll find this place is well worth it. We'll definitely be going back soon...
