Normally I do not go around dishing out 5-star reviews on a regular basis. To me 5 stars is all about the best of the best, crem della crem, guilty pleasures or out-of-body-experience-good quality restaurants. And while Glenn's may not fall into any of the above mentioned categories in my book, they do just about everything really really well. And I mean everything: breakfast, brunch, dinner, seafood, drink selection, atmosphere, and service. It's like a hybrid diner that happens to serve the best seafood I have yet to have in Chicago. You may think that since this is a "diner", they would specialize in standard diner fare, but in actuality, their specialty is seafood. They have at least 10 different fish selections to choose from: salmon, arctic char, trout, swordfish, mahi mahi...you name it - they got it, and it's all done very very well. I have yet to have better seafood in Chicago. And it's generally refreshing for me to eat high quality seafood in a casual environment. And, if you're craving some meat, both their hanger steak and the ribs are delicious, so it's not all about the seafood, but again, I would say that's what they do best. They also have a great beer and wine selection to boot as well. So just being a great seafood restaurant alone would typically not garner a 5-star rating, however, they also make very good breakfast too. Their crab benedict is awesome, and if you just want some high-quality bacon & eggs, well, you're in luck, because they make the best breakfast around too. I really like their hashbrown-cake potatoes they serve with most breakfast items, it's delicious. Oh, and they put butter on my toast too, which is how toast should be served (nothing worse than having to butter your own toast, yeesh). So, when you combine the fact that they offer the best seafood that I've had in Chi with the best breakfast/brunch I've had in Chi, along with a great beer selection (they have my favorite beer - Anchor Steam) in a relaxed, casual atmosphere, you have a 5-star restaurant. A great diner that specializes in seafood - cool concept. Did I mentioned their service is great too? Everyone is very nice, cool, friendly, down-to-earth and professional. I guess this place is the crem della crem of seafood/diner hybrids after all.
