I have dined at some of the best restaurants around the world, this was my second trip to Bonsoiree in less than a week and simply said, they have been two of my most pleasurable dining experiences ever. From gaining a friend couple who were seated at the table next to us on our first trip for celebration of my 50th birthday to my awe at the consistencies of the service and the unbelievably delectable courses, this restaurant is truly a keeper of the grand tradition of fine dining. Move over boys Chef Shin Thompson is the real deal. The concept of the restaurant in Logan Square is BYOB which I warmly embrace. Having friends who take wine as seriously as I take food allows for a great variation and new discovery with each dining experience at Bonsoiree, each new wine pairing brings a new finish and taste to each course. Even a wine wantabe as me can add value by finding a wonderful sauterne that accompanied our one course add-in of Duck, Duck, Goose on the seven course menu we had on our second trip. This is not a place for the casual diner, but it is a place for fine dining casually. Like a good movie or book it is best not to give away the ending to a prefect meal, but let's say the keyword is peppercorn. This is not the place for the sauce on the side, vegan and/or vegetarian crowd. While I understand they do their best to accommodate dietary restrictions, you as a diner will miss the artistry of the meal as most of the courses include a protein. My only disappointments of my two experiences at Bonsoiree were that I found out that they have been open for three years and that there was a patron who was there enjoying the thirteen course menu that we had on my first visit and he was there for somewhere near his 70th visit, well two visits down 68 to go. Still confused by how I didn't know about this place, thankfully found by the love of my life, I will no longer be a stranger to Bonsoiree. Up next the underground menu for Saturday night, so Patrick can you hook me up for a table for two?
