Stayed here for free while on a grad school interview, so I didn't know how much it cost at first. The location is perfect; the lobby, lounge, and bedrooms are very classy, and the beds are super-comfortable. However, given how expensive everything seemed, I was disappointed with the amenities. Even budget chains will often provide free cable TV, wifi, and continental breakfast service, but I was faced with the following: a) WiFi is free in the lobby, but $10/day surcharge in your room. What a ripoff. Obviously they have it wired already, so I feel they're being malicious in asking us to pay for it. I was able to pull a usable open signal from the hotel next door. b) No TV. They advertise "free cable TV" in every room but mine sure didn't have any. Instead you have a fancy LCDtv with a truly crappy hotel-installed interface, where everything is pay-per-view. Want to watch a recent episode of TV? You only have a few options. I chose 30 Rock... and was asked to pay $5 to watch a recent episode. What a ripoff. You are being asked to pay for what is basically Hulu. There are movies for ~$15 of course, but that is pretty standard. There is a laughable "free" section on the menu but it consists of crud that appears to be free videos from the internet. One had Tom Arnold, one was called "Naked Wine" and featured naked wine reviews. Except the woman wasn't attractive... or naked (it shows from the shoulders up). WTF Allerton, I feel you are just TRYING to be jerks. Plus originally the TV wouldn't turn on; then there was a period when it would keep turning itself back on. c) No breakfast, not even tea. Ok, so I didn't care about the breakfast. It's just an observation. I REALLY would have liked some tea though. In the morning they had coffee in the lobby, but NO TEA! Maybe this is a midwest bias that I can't understand, coming from California. d) As others have mentioned, there is no storage space. Closet is a decent sized but you'll have no dressers to keep your clothes. So I was pretty disappointed with the place, until I looked up the prices. Turns out to be somewhat of a budget hotel: $100-150/night for a single queen or double full room, which is pretty good actually. I was forced to reevaluate in light of this. I'd say that this is a great place to stay if you want to feel like you're staying in a luxury hotel but paying economy prices. Located right on the Magnificent Mile, it doesn't get much better. Just try to get a room on the upper floors, to enjoy the view.
