The drinks were amazing. As to be expected. The food was good. The french fries were great. The gnocchi was lacking a little something in flavor. The pork belly was splendid, though slightly over cooked. I was completely and utterly disappointed by the service last night. The occasion was a date and we arrived early (before 7) on a Wednesday night, so the place was fairly empty at this point. Upon arriving we were seated promptly but there was one server, unfortunately our "primary" server (primary meaning 60% of the time with like 3 other people picking up the 40% of our service), that couldn't have turned me off any more. My date does not have the affection towards pork that I have (and being a vegetarian for many years of her life as well) and she naturally had some questions about the selections on the charcuterie menu. While our first server was extremely generous and brought us out a sample to quell our questions, this primary server had nothing about rudeness about her. In asking her to describe one of the selections on the menu (in the form of some generic "How does it taste"/"Whats it like" sort of questions), she responded immediately with "I don't know, how does bread taste? I cant describe bread and I cant describe that [the item we were curious about]." Had it not been a date I likely would've responded to her brashness with some sort of snide remark about all the breads of the world and their differences....but being a gentleman, I declined. Strike 1. This same waitress checked on us only once while enjoying out drinks and plates and I swear she didnt even stop moving while throwing out the obligatory "How is everything?" question. I sincerely doubt she even came close to hearing anything that came out of my mouth. Strike 2. (At this point you do realize I'm paying YOU for this experience right?!?) Plates cleared. Drinks emptied. She finally comes back around (after some time waiting) and asks if we want another drink. I order one, my date does not. After waiting for some time and my date hitting up the bathroom, she comes back to our seats and asks if I can forgo my second drink. She tells me the waitress has likely forgotten about me. At the same time, the bill arrives and I tell her we can go but I want to wait a few more minutes and see if I had really been forgotten. This is not a Bud Light Ive ordered so I know it can take a few minutes to make the drinks but at this point close to 15 minutes had elapsed. Bill paid (with only one drink each on it) to a different server and as we wait it becomes exceedingly clear that she has absolutely forgotten about us and my drink. At Red Lobster I would expect this but when I'm here for one reason (the drinks) and Im paying these prices, I expect something a little more, shall we say, attentive from the wait staff. While the "backup servers" to us were wonderful, this primary waitress was as atrocious as it comes. Strike 3. It so sad when one individual can completely taint what was (or should have been) an otherwise wonderful experience. If she keeps up servicing customers in this manner she will soon be able to tell me in ABSOLUTE EXTREME DETAIL what EXACTLY bread tastes like because bread and water is all she will be able to afford as an unemployed waitress. Wont keep me from going back but I will be on the lookout for her and will have no qualms about "helping" her adjust her attitude a little more directly next time.
