Came here when I was in town on a trip to Chicago with some friends. We had to check out a michelin star restaurant and this one looked the most inviting. Glad we picked longman because it was awesome. To start, they had a great beer selection. All your domestic favorites, a good selection of micro brews and locals, and an import list that will make any beer fan giddy. My favorites are the begian brews so I had a la chouffe and a delirium. Served in an appropriate glass and it hit the spot. Next, the food. For appetizers we had the foie gras, bone marrow, and the buffalo sweetbreads. If you dont know what a sweetbread is, dont ask, just eat it, its delicious. If you know what it is, then this was a great twist on a classic. The bone marrow was served with some bread and a spoon. Very well cooked and flavorful. Its a little messy so utilize your manners and a napkin. The foie gras was the best foie I ever had. prepared with a couple relishes and toppings and served over a mini waffle with a sprinkle of salt on top. Highly recommend all the above (although menu is seasonal) On to the entrees. My friends all enjoyed their dishes. I had the duck three ways. It was duck breast over duck leg confit with a foie gras preparation on the side. all this was served with a delicious sauce and appropriately placed veggies and accoutrements. The duck was perfectly prepared in each presentation and very reasonably priced considering I was basically getting a half duck and foie gras. We were stuffed by the end of the night but ordered a dessert to share anyway. It was an interesting sounding dessert. A olive oil cake with a pistachio sauce served with ice cream and a grilled peach (i think it was a peach). Anyway, the dessert was very good, I was full so I didnt savor it as much as I could have if I was a little hungry. If you have a sweet tooth, maybe slow down on the apps to save room for dessert. The waitstaff was awesome. The waiter appeared to have tried everything on the menu and offered way more information and suggestions than I thought possible. He was overly accommodating and helpful. The dining area was very comfortable. They dont take reservations so we went early on a weeknight to guarantee a short wait. As a result it was not crowded and we were seated within 15 minutes. When we left the wait time had increased to over an hour. Plan ahead.
