At a first glance, I though they sold Vietnamese Pho since their sign says "FO2GO." Later I saw F2G on Yelp which made me even more confused: "A Brazilian Pizza/Chicken Shop?!" While walking with a coworker in Lakeview from one job site to another, we had empty stomachs and were trying to think of a tasty, yet quick dining option. Then the bizarre name and food combination popped in my head: Fogo 2 Go! After living in Buenos Aires for several months, I knew that South America had a large Italian influence but didn't think anything of it. We conveniently walked in on our way to the Diversey Brown line stop and saw a huge variety of pizzas and great lunch deals on their chicken. We both ended up getting the 1/2 Roasted Chicken with pita, your choice of 2 sides (red potato salad, yellow corn, garlic rice, black beans with bacon, garlic rice and black beans, or garlic mashed potatoes) and a drink for ONLY $6.99!  When we arrived at work we dug into our perfectly seasoned and moist chicken. It was unlike any chicken I had tasted before with some smoked flavor, and true hints of BBQ flames. I was happy I upgraded from the 1/4 chicken for a little of $1 more. Plus, they give you a ton of food to make two meals out of it.  A week later I took my partner there for their chicken on a Wednesday night. They were out of chicken and there was a half-hour wait for a pizza. We said screw the wait and grabbed a slice of their already made large obtuse trianglar slices in the display for $3. I had the Pomodoro which was topped with their homemade Camilo's tomato sauce, mussarela cheese, sliced roma tomatoes, fresh chopped garlic and sliced black olives. After asking the staff to warm the slice up in the oven, it was perfection! I'm a fan of the thin crust, but even more so of all the flavor the garlic and specialty sauce gave the pizza. I also ordered a side Caprese salad which comes with pita. The lettuce was very green (not iceberg) with fresh mozzarella cheese rounds and a delicious balsamic vinegar. A few recommendations: -Order ahead of time, especially in the evenings. You can order online too! Overall, it's more of a take-out joint, however, there are a few cramped tables inside to sit briefly. -Text "Fogo" to 46786: You'll join their club with 10% off your first order and then you'll receive text message deals every so often. -Every Tuesday they give a pizza to Dining with Dignity at the Church across the street for every pizza they sell. My kinda place! -Don't just get a 1/4 chicken, because you'll regret not getting a 1/2 or full order. -For those vegetarians, they have a HUGE variety of pizzas just for you.
