Stayed here 11/4/11 for the weekend. I am never one to complain and I usually make the best of any mediocre or sub par situation, i think trips are what you make them with your attitude, but this hotel was awful for the price. Long story, but we got 2 nights at the hotel from a friend who couldn't make the trip. That being said it was ok since we paid half of what he paid for it. At $170 a night for two people (before taxes/fees), I was appalled by the experience. I have stayed at nicer hotels on Michigan Ave. for cheaper and with better amenities for the price. I can't believe what hotels think they can get away with. We had a double room on the top floor, it was tiny and felt like a dorm. The view was an interior room of the other side of the north tower we were in. There were two beds when clearly in the past this room was made for one bed. The bathroom door wouldn't even open all the way from the bed being in the way. Our room was so hot, it was unbearably uncomfortable. Maybe it is common, but I have been in hundreds of hotels and have never had a room where you couldn't choose between having AC or heat. I realize this hotel is old (it definitely needs updates) but the entire hotel was set for heat. Our window only opened 2 inches and we had to keep the room door open whenever we were in the room just so we wouldn't be smothered by the temperature. For the cost you think you could get something nice out of it. Asking for a fridge was extra. Internet was $11 a day. Room service was average and overpriced, not available late at night, and are subject to 11% tax, added gratuity, and a delivery charge! I just hate added fees. The mattress and bedding was the cheapest I've experienced at any hotel. You could feel every spring and the linens were scratchy and thin (not that you needed them to stay warm). The website for this hotel is EXTREMELY deceiving!!! It looks like the pictures for this hotel were taken 30 yrs ago. The same could be said about the pictures the hotel features on its postcards, in room service binders, and room keycards. The furniture is not the same even in the lobby. The furnishings and decor do not match the styling or updates made decades ago. Parking was $28 a day. Nuff said. Only pros: location right on Michigan Ave, flat screen tv, clean room/bathroom, nice concierge.
