Okay, you really have to be prepared for this place. It is one of the most unique places I have been to in a long time. Everything about this place is dramatic. And like many of the reviews have said, the earlier you get there the better. They keep a line outside not to make it seem like it is the place to be, but because they like to maintain space inside.  The outside doesn't look like anything. It is boarded up and there is a subtle light hanging on the outside to indicate that they are open. You walk in and there is a foyer where you wait in front of lush blue velvet drapes for someone to peek out and invite you in. It makes you feel like you are in the days of prohibition. I felt like I should be in a flapper dress with a long cigarette holder. Then you walk in. It is draped in velvet and the blue hue of the room is amazing.  You are seated by a hostess and all of the tables are lit with little oil candles that give each table an intimate and private feel, even though the room is large. You really feel like you have stepped back in time with the style of this place. We had a space in the back to celebrate and each member of our party was escorted back to the table. They even came back and asked if we had room for two more people when two people in our party arrived later. Classy. The drinks are pricey, I will give you that, but they are really tasty and surprisingly strong. You don't go here to get a simple Jack and coke...One of my favorites was the lady grey with gin and infused with earl grey tea. Yum! I didn't try any of the food. I also heard that a mid-week visit to this place is better than the weekend.  The service was great. Everyone was really nice. It is a bit pretentious, but it is a great place to pretend like you are a bit pretentious as well. Everywhere you are in this place you kind of feel like you are VIP. I will definitely go back here for a drink before/after dinner. It is a less reliable place to meet a bunch of people out because the line gets so long, but definitely worth the wait. And although you can go in a sweatshirt, the style of this place transports you to the old days when people took pride in dressing up to go out. Fun to be fancy!!
