Maybe I just don't get it. Maybe I tried the wrong thing. Either way, I'm not in a hurry to return and give Hot Doug's a chance to change my middling first impression. I went on a Tuesday around 3 p.m., so the line wasn't too bad (and may even have been longer than usual because it was Election Day). I took note of the punk rock blasting over the speakers and the kitschy, irreverent decor without particular enjoyment or dislike, although I did appreciate the giant faux-Magritte painting of Hot Doug's signature sausage captioned "ceci n'est pas une hot-dog" hanging in the men's bathroom. Determined to forgo the standard offerings for a more exotic special, I initially settled on the beef Landjaeger with chili-garlic mustard and smoked Gouda. As much as I hate to admit it, though, the $5.00 price tag, low in comparison with the other specials, made me think I'd be missing out if I didn't upgrade to something more luxurious. I switched to the Portuguese Linguia with smoked paprika dijonnaise and Castelinhos cheese for $7.50. I skipped the fries, which many of you may consider an insane, inexcusable offense. Maybe I will try them at some point. The sausage harmonized well with the dijonnaise and the white, sharpish cheese, which half-melted into a slightly coarse, spreadable goo. The bun was probably the best I've had with anything hot dog related. The thing is, it didn't transcend, didn't become something greater than the sum of its parts as my mouth chomped it all together. It didn't have nearly the same effect for me as something like a burger at Kuma's, which is practically right around the corner and shares both a subculture aesthetic and a fixation on meat. The sausage was solid, good, but by no means excellent. One of my strongest beliefs about food is that you should be able to make something that's more than just good when you're throwing fat around like Pollock used paint. I will admit that I'm not a huge sausage or encased meat person in general, but I don't think the onus of my disappointment lies in the fact that I don't go apeshit for hot dogs. I suppose I owe Hot Doug's at least a sample of one of its more bread-and-butter offerings, but I'm just not that motivated to after my first experience; the thing that's most likely to influence me to return is the Dr. Brown's Cel-Ray soda they keep in the cooler.
