I'm having a hard time finding the perfect pizza spot that I can go to without fail. Granted, Spacca Napoli is a neapolitan pizza spot but even in this sub-genre of pizza I'd like to find a place that I can say I'd go back to time and time again. The pizza here is good but it's hard to tell if it's great. We came on a Friday night at 6:30 and were seated in 10 minutes. Not bad. Our server came over right away and said she'd be right with us. Great start. I like that a server that is clearly busy comes over and let's us know that it'll be a few minutes, rather than us wait and search out for our server. After receiving our menus we were pleased with the appetizer choices (about 10) and the 6 or so red and 6 white pizza choices. We choose an antipasi meat and cheese app that had some tasty provolone, salami, cappacola, prosciutto and sopprasetta with two kinds of delicious olives (the green one was very crisp and enjoyable). I would have liked to see more choices for cheese that I would typically see on a menu for charcuterie, but I can also appreciate some simple but good provolone. When we ordered our app we asked for a class of wine and a beer. I was disappointed to only see four beers on the menu - I know this is a small Italian pizza joint but a bit more variety would have been appreciated. Anyway, after we placed our drink order it took about 10 mins to see our drink even though our server was running around and should have easily noticed the drinks were ready. The server came back and we were ready to get a funghi pizza when the server explained that they had a burrata pizza. We immediately said yes as this is our favorite cheese. The handmade mozzarella is devine. SN was supposed to have an app with burrata but I didn't see it and never asked. I'm not sure if it's ever been on the menu or you you have to ask for it special (there is a pic on Yelp of the burrata and it was in Time Out's "100 Best Things we Ate" issue) but have no doubt I will inquire next time. We quickly finished our drinks and clearly wanted another one after the long week. We again, didn't see our server for some time after receiving our apps and after she showed up we didn't get our drinks for another 5 minutes. Honestly, I didn't think this was a big deal but my fiancee clearly wasn't having it and wanted another drink. Our pizza did arrive pretty quickly but noticed right away that the fresh cherry tomatoes were just dumped in the middle of the pizza. We had to take the tomatoes and place them around the pizza so we could have a few on each slice. We soon found out that burrata is not a good cheese to melt for a pizza. Not only did SN put gobs of this cheese on, but it made the pizza a bit soggy and limp. I will not deny that the pizza had great flavor and I liked the crust. It was crips and chewy and had that great fire oven taste. My fiancee was not as impressed with the crust but we did agree that another more traditional pizza option would have been better and more enjoyable. We skipped desert as I wasn't feeling the options - they weren't bad just not in the mood for gelato, a nutella pannini or tiramisu. I do have to say that this place is noisy with families and parties so I would suggest coming on a week night if you don't want to deal with a loud room. However, I will definitely try SN again and hope to have a better experience next time.
