Talk about bringing a slice of home with you, this place definitely brings me back! I was reading through the other reviews and hereis my input on them. First of all, I can honestly say being a Cuban from Miami that lived there all my life, THIS PLACE IS AUTHENTIC. Those puddles of oil and garlic in the bottom of your trays, the crowded restaurants, guess what? That is what a Cuban restaurant is all about. Why are people complaining about there being too many people in the first place? Isn't that the sign of a good restaurant? When I went there, the place was as packed as could be, but guess what? It took no longer than 7 minutes to receive my dinner. I went there expecting this place to be just as small as the other one, but was I surprised! Great memorabilia on the walls to look at, beautiful artwork on the outside while you enjoy your cafe cubano and tabaco in the patio, and most importantly, the best authentic Cuban food this side of Chicago has ever seen! I was a little skeptical at first about having a Cuban Sandwich on french bread, but I gotta say that I was pleasantly surprised. By the way, go to any Cuban restaurant in Miami and you will get the Picnic Shoestring Potatoes on all your sandwiches! So for the person that wrote that they were dissapointed about that, YOU HAVEN'T BEEN TO MIAMI! When I went, I took up their offer on the Masas de Puerco with Congri and Platanitos, as well as a side of Yuca. It was wonderfully prepared!!! The large fried chunks of pork were cooked just right with a great crunch on the outside, and soft juicy meat in the center. Top them off with some fresh lime juice, and you're in for a 10 minute vacation! The Congri was perfectly cooked with those hidden bacon bits and fat that makes the dish come alive. The platanitos were just as sweet as they can ever be, not overcooked and had just the right texture to add an amazing complement to the dish. The yuca was steamed just right, with the hint of garlic sauce on top that was amazing. I would have liked to see a little more garlic sauce on mine with some onions, but that's a personal preference. All of this, in a packed restaurant, and it took less than ten minutes. I couldn't finish the whole meal, so I took part of it home with me. I wanted to save room for a coffee, pastelito, and a smoke. Perfect way to end a great Cuban meal in the Chi. My recommendation: Go to this place, ask the owner what he recommends, and TRY IT! Trust me when I say that this place is the real deal. I thought I was going to miss my food when I left Miami, but this place helped me not miss it as much.
