Let me preface this review by saying: 1. I live very close to Nana, and really, really want to see new, local businesses succeed in Bridgeport. 2. It takes a lot for me to take the time to write ANY review. But when a place (or a person within that place) begins to get too big for its britches, perhaps it's time they get taken to task. Honestly, my experience with the food at Nana has been nothing more, and nothing less than three stars. While it's pretty good, I've never been compelled to keep coming back and bringing friends. Perhaps if the prices were lowered, more trips could be justified. The really negative thing I've experience at Nana is the service. Absolutely abysmal. On two separate occasions, more than a year apart, it has been by the same person - I'm pretty sure it's one of the proprietors, or the proprietor's son (bigger guy, dark hair, always in a black shirt). The first encounter with this ray of sunshine was when I brought a friend from out of town to try Nana. My first experience there was just fine, if not very positive. So, I thought I'd bring my buddy to experience the new uber-trendy local, organic restaurant. First off, when we were sat, initially right next to the entrance (i.e. the door that is constantly opening with a brunch crowd coming and going on a freezing cold winter day), and asked to be moved to one of the open tables within the restaurant, we were met with a sigh of exasperation. Perhaps we were throwing off their seating rotation? They did not bring us silverware, even after our food arrived. We eventually had to go up to the bar and get it ourselves. When the food actually did arrive, I did not get what I ordered. My order was some sort of organic banana hemp pancakes. Trust me - that is exactly what I ordered. It was on the menu, and items like these pancakes are EXACTLY why I go to places like Nana - to try new, potentially delicious things. When my order came, I received plain pancakes. No biggie. Simple mistake. When I told our "server" (the aforementioned proprietor), about the mistake, he simply stated that I did not order the banana hemp cakes, and that what I had in front of me is what I ordered. Yep. He essentially argued with me and claimed I was lying about what I ordered. Just what in the hell would I have to gain by concocting some elaborate ruse about what I actually ordered?! He was clearly irritated that I wanted the actual food I ordered, and offered to bring out some cut up bananas to throw on top of my pancakes. What? Really? Maybe this half-assed resolution could have been common ground had I not just been spoken to as if I were a complete idiot. No sir, I want what I ordered. Of course, after putting him out, he really showed us by not returning to the table until a half hour later to collect our payment. Let me say this about the order. I am not an overly demanding person when I go to a restaurant. And, in fact, I believe I treat servers, bussers, and bartenders with a ton of respect (the same I expect and hope to be treated with). But even if I were a terribly difficult customer, and DID order the wrong thing (I did not), it's the restaurant/server's job to fix it. That's the way customer service works. To openly scoff and seem put off by a paying, respectful customer is unacceptable. The second experience was not my own, but by my significant other yesterday. Same guy, same table crammed in by the door (the temperature was in the teens [not a fun feeling to have an arctic blast constantly hit you while trying to enjoy breakfast]), and same dismissive attitude. When our loveable guy came to "check on" the table, he walked off before they could even say they wanted more coffee. When he did hear her request, he once again gave the look like he was going to have to bend over backwards and track down coffee beans in Central America and roast them himself. Never came back. Eventually a person came to clear the table, and he was petitioned to find someone to come back to fill their coffee - over a half hour after the meal was finished, and they were essentially ready to leave. Maybe all the press is making this place feel it's holier than thou. Maybe it's just this one guy. Either way, it should be fixed. Check the attitude, or perhaps take this fella off the floor. Also, I understand the demand at Nana. But get rid of the table by the door. Nobody wants to eat there. It's miserable. Beyond the constant blasts of freezing air, you've got the brunch crowd waiting to be seated hovering over your table. That simply sucks. Once again, I want to like local businesses. I want these places to succeed. Just don't get too comfortable and start acting like you're the only show in town. Bridgeport Cafe down the street has food half the price, with twice the portions, and the most amazingly friendly servers I've probably ever come across. They've been getting my business lately, and may continue if Nana does not improve.
