Fact: I'm in love with all meat Fact: My boyfriend is in love with meat. Super Fact: Texas de Brazil makes us wanna marry meat and make tasty meat babies with it! I took my bf here for his birthday. He didn't know where he was going and was pleasantly surprised when we arrived. So was I. I made reservations on their website in advance, even though we were going the Saturday after Thanksgiving. Hey, you never know if people are going to want to eat massive amounts of meats after eating massive amounts of meat two days later. I got three confirmation emails: the day I made reservations, 24 hours before the date and when I changed the time. PLUS! When we arrived, we were seated immediately. The ambiance is really mellow. Dim but not too dim lighting, dark wood with intricate detail and light but not cheesy music. We were sat a a four top table near the kitchen. Now, I for one do not like sitting near the kitchen when I dine out but I made an exception for two reasons: One, you don't know it's the kitchen since it looks like a hallway going into another room. Second, you're closer to the meat which means it just came off the grill. DOUBLE PLUS!! We were greeted by our main server (there were other servers who came to our table throughout the night filling water glasses and cleaning off dishes). She was attentive and filled us in on the routine knowledgeably. The Birthday Boy ordered a Bloody Mary, which he thought was OK and I got a Caipirinha on suggestion by our server. The Caipirinha is delish; it's made with with cachaa, sugar and lime. Once we had our drinks in hand, we headed to the Salad Bar. Now, this may be sacrilegious to most Carnivores, but let me explain. This isn't your average SB with lettuce, tomatoes onions and various dressing. This SB has baked provolone, Portobello mushrooms in whole, maki rolls, and probably the best damn seared tuna I have ever had. We had a tiny plate and then it was on to the main event. At a Churrascaria (Brazillian-style steak house) you have a card on your table. One side is green to let the Gauchos know you would like meat, one side is red to let them know you are good for the moment. Once you flipped the card to green, it's on! We were bombarded delightfully with bacon-wrapped chicken, garlic-crusted fillet medallions, top cut sirloin and this AMAZING Brazilian sausage that was bright red and melted in your mouth. We did this for about an hour and were in tasty meat heaven. We had a little bit more of the SB and did a couple more cuts of meat. After a good 90 minutes, we were stuffed but not over stuffed. When the bf when to use the bathroom, I made mention to the server that I made note on the reservation that it was his birthday. Without missing a beat, she said there was Bananas Foster Cake (!!!) in line for him. When he arrived back at the table, he was greeted with the dessert and a hearty 'Happy Birthday' plus candle. We shared the decadent dish and took the rest home. This was by far the most perfect dining experience that me and my bf have had. We definitely will be back next time with friends to show off how amazing TdB is.
