This place gets a solid 4 stars. It is my neighborhood Indian joint and I have zero complaints, well, actually, maybe 1 complaint - Bigger portions, please. The food is so good I just want more. Caveat, I have only been here for dinner or ordered takeout so I can not comment on the lunch buffet though I understand the lunch buffet has a pretty good reputation... In the evening, it is dimly lit and a host or hostess is always there to promptly greet and seat me. There are white table clothes and candles on the tables and the servers are dressed in much more formal attire than other restaurants in the neighborhood but because of the location, most patrons are dressed very casual, which kind of makes me sad because I like to be dressed up when in such surroundings...it just makes the meal feel a little more special. But I digress - you can dress up or down and feel comfortable here. Anyway, dining in is always a pleasure, their cocktail menu is fun with a lot of well mixed, very refreshing beverages; some are on the sweet side which is A-OK with me, but if you don't like sweet, be sure to read the descriptions prior to placing your order. Garlic Naan and tikka sauce were brought to the table right away when we were seated - both the bread and the sauce were warm and delicious; and the bread is chewy and well seasoned, but not overpowering with garlic. On my most recent visit, we did not order any appetizers, but I have had their Samosas and find them to be flavorful, but a little dry, so I just dip them in extra sauces, problem solved. For main courses, I ordered my usual dishes of Chicken Tikka Masala, Palak Paneer and Garlic Naan - all standard favorites, all spiced to my liking. The Chicken Tikka Masala is all white meat and very tender - I love to dip my garlic naan in the sauce and even mix the sauce with the palak paneer on the bread as well (flavor explosion in my mouth).The Palak Paneer is just how I like it - creamy spinach, spicy (not uber hot, but really flavorful), with big cubes of cheese that are soft and firm at the same time - how do they do that!? I also decided to try a dish I had not had before, Shrimp Dum Biryani which is saffron basmati rice with shrimp in a mild sauce. I love Saffron rice, I love shrimp, so how could this be bad? It couldn't (unless the shrimp were rancid) and it wasn't! I was impressed with the amount of fresh, jumbo shrimp included in the dish which was perfectly cooked (I always fear in dishes like this that my shellfish will be overcooked and a bad texture). The mild sauce appeared to be tomato based and the saffron just put the flavor over the top. I was hoping to have lots of leftovers but sadly I only had a little of the rice and palak paneer to take home with me (BTW, this food reheats amazingly well). On this occasion I did not order dessert, but in the past I have had the Kulfi (Pistachio flavor) and it is quite good. Imagine frozen condensed milk made into ice cream - It is very rich so a little bit goes a long way. I did use my Groupon on this last visit here and they couldn't have made it easier. I just pulled up the Groupon on my Android, they scanned it and brought me the original bill and the discounted bill - no hassle, no issues. Ordering take out is a similar experience to the dining in, except that with take out, they always include free basmati rice with my order (yay!) but dining in this is not the case...not sure why the discrepancy, but thought it was worth noting. If you are in River North and craving some Indian Food - you will not be disappointed.
