My family took me here for dinner and I really enjoyed every aspect of Anteprima. First, the vibe is very calming and laid back which is something that I always look for (especially when you want to have nice conversation with who you are dining with). Our waitress was very helpful and friendly. She was able to help me pick out a fantastic wine as well as describe some of the interesting menu items. As always, I like to try a little bit of everything so that I can have a better feel for the direction a restaurant is trying to go. I enjoyed that the menu was very simple and to the point. I assume that it changes all the time which is great. We started off with some smaller dishes to share. We tried the Roasted Market Squash with hazelnuts and raisins which was awesome. The Spicy Calamari was great as well but I didn't expect it to come out grilled (still fine). For my dinner I ordered the Market Winter Squash Ravioli with brown butter, sage and parmigiano. I LOVED IT. Keep in mind that with the pastas, there are two sizes. The smaller portion is pretty small, so you would certainly want to either get something else or get the larger size. I had a side of the garden salad which was served with a mustard vinaigrette, but I think the server went overboard with the ground pepper! Aye. We like to try a little bit of each others food, I tried some of the Lamb Chops which were nice a juicy. I'm not Venison person, but someone at the table did have it and said it was fantastic. Dessert of course is something that can never be missed. I decided to just order everything they had listed so we could try it all. Some of my favorites were the Chocolate Hazelnut Tart with vanilla bean whipped cream...it was heaven. The Lemon Panna Cotta was also great as well as the Pumpkin Cake with Pistachios and sweet cream. Overall, the atmosphere, service and food was very impressive. I just wish it wasn't so far North from me. I will have to make the trip back for sure. It's a nice place to take friends and family.
