I came here with two friends last night before we saw Cabaret at Gallery 37. We arrived at 5:30 p.m. to get dinner before the 7:30 show. If you had told me that I would enjoy a meal so very much at a place that basically serves every part of the pig, I would've said you're crazy. I even had a backup plan, in the secret hope that this place would have one of the notorious Saturday night crowds I've read about. "Gosh, guys. As much as I want to eat pig ears, it would sure be a shame if it was too crowded. I GUESS we should keep The Gage in mind as a backup plan." The stars were aligned last night. I arrived to see my friend Jason already there, with two empty seats beside him for me and the other gal joining us. She's been there before, so she already knew what to steer us clear of (which wasn't much) and we ultimately decided to order 2 things each. My picks? The whipped feta-cucumber smear and the quail. Man, did I make a fantastic decision. I let out an audible groan after my first bite of the smear and only then began to grasp the concept of my friend (and fellow Yelper) Deb E.'s ever-growing list of death-row foods. Deb, you're comin' back here with me as there are many additions to your list here. Back to the feta. It was served with an artisan bread grilled to absolute perfection. My two friends both have dairy allergies, but were willing to suffer to enjoy this creamy goodness. We also had jamon serrano, but frankly I was more focused on scraping the remnants of the feta-whip out of the bowl with my spoon once we ran out of bread. I was thisclose to giving it a once-over scrape with my finger. I can't remember what came out next, because at this point we had plowed through our first bottle of Malbec. I'll write about what I remember...the lamb blade, the pork blade, and the quail. I've never had meat cooked so consistently to utter perfection. And what juicy cuts of meat! These animals, who I'm sure were adorable before they met their untimely demise, were delicious. (Off topic, I laughed while remembering another review from a VEGETARIAN who dined here. Lady, did you not know anything about the restaurant? It's a carnivore's wet dream!) I do remember what came last, because it was the dish I had the most apprehension about eating: pig's ear with fried egg and crispy kale. I think I am in love. I went in with a vision of the three of us gnawing on a giant fried ear. However, the ear is near-julienne, light and crispy, and went perfectly with the yolky-goodness and crispy kale. Now about the staff: I must give a shout-out to our server. She was laid back and totally non-pushy. She was friendly without being fake. And she showed up at just the right times. Then there were the hot men behind the counter in my direct sight line thanks to my position at the communal table. It was all just so delightful! I can only hope that my next experience here will be just as divine. Even if there's a long wait, I will be willing to brave it.
