SHORT VERSION: liked it, loved the BEETS, good experience. FOOD Freebies: the bread and butter that come out right away are very good. It is that rustic bread that's really hearty. The water is great b/c it's cold with no ice. It's constantly refilled, and if you're just too fast for them, you have your own bottle of water at your table. Hamachi: so good, loved the delicate flavors. So light, but not stingy with the serving. This is served sashimi-ish, so it's raw. Delish. Great flavor combinations, especially with the fennel. Mussels: I've never had them like this, all broth-y with celery. A little on the tame side, but the peasant bread that comes with it that you can dip in the broth is very good. I usually love mussels but wasn't blown away. I will, however, say that these were some of the best quality of mussels I've ever had. Plump, healthy, flavorful. I might just be used to spicy sauces and garlics that usually accompany many mussel dishes. I think this dish tries to simply feature the mussel, which is fine, and appropriate considering, as I said before, these are really great quality mussels.  Beets: AMAZING. Really. And not just b/c I love beets in general. It was so earthy and it came with a savory flavored sour cream (I would guess it was flavored with chive and truffle oil) that went perfectly with the vinaigrette (guessing balsamic) and sweetness of the beets. I've never had beets THIS good. Dwight Shrute couldn't love these beets more. Country Ribs: Very tasty, but it really reminded me of Korean ribs: kalbi. Not in cut/meat, but in flavor/marinade. I'd rather go for Korean if I want this flavor. But it IS pretty delicious, nevertheless. SERVICE Great! Water was constantly filled. Table constantly cleared when different courses came out. Friendly staff. We were 10 minutes late to our reservation and they were great accommodating us. ATMOSPHERE Pretty loud, shared tables which adds to the shared style eating experience. Warm colors, woods throughout. Large pictures of pigs on the wall. It's a combination of classy, hearty, country, contemporary. Long wood tables, different chinas (but I think only 2). OVERALL Really great quality ingredients. I had a very nice experience. I would go back, and will. I want to try the oysters, pork rinds and sweetbreads. Oh, and those heavenly BEETS...
