We stayed in July, 2011 for 3 nights. Okay, meant to say just a few comments and this ended up being much more...I will admit that I was a little worried we were too "casual" of a couple to stay there. No need to worry. There was a diverse group of people that stayed there - business travelers, young people, "my age" range and thankfully older, people in jeans or shorts or dressed to the nines. We wanted a hotel w/o kids, and found it. I know how that sounds, I have older kids and this was our much deserved getaway so did not want to be surrounded by kids of any age!Location was excellent! It was within walking distance of restaurants, Magnificent Mile, etc. There is a small parking lot right next to the hotel but runs about $40 per night. It is valet parking and unlimited exits w/o extra charges. Very nice hotel, though we didn't get a chance to visit the spa, bar, club or restaurant. Some other reviewers complained about noise from the club, but we didn't hear anything and we were on the 22nd floor. Loved our room! We had the Cozy King, we booked too late to get the Corner King. It didn't matter, the windows are floor to ceiling and it was wonderful, not disappointing. Great views as well. Big fan of the B&W Zeppelin iPod dock! Great addition to the room. Glad to see the hardwood floors in the room (there was carpet as well), perfect for those who are a little eek-ish about walking barefoot in a hotel room. Also loved the bathroom and shower. There is no door on the shower so water does seem to spray everywhere. Not really a gripe, but as we were checking out the fridge and beverages, someone before us had already opened the Voss water and cleverly concealed that it had been opened. We left a note every day we left the room, but no response from housekeeping. There was also a large hole in one of the robes and were hoping we wouldn't get charged for that or the opened Voss water, we never did. There is a workout room and a fantastic locker room! Regular showers along with multi-jet showers. The multi-jet showers did not have great water pressure) and complimentary shampoo, conditioner, etc. They had lockers with washcloths, towels, robe, slippers, toiletries. There were also little baskets with items you might have forgotten to pack - toothbrushes, feminine products, Q-tips, etc. I felt so special! They left two complimentary conditioners, as if they knew I have long, thick hair! Ha! Just an FYI, it is not soft water so beware for those of you that are used to soft water at home. I used both conditioners on my hair during one shower, because of it.We definitely plan on staying at this hotel again when visiting Chicago, without a doubt. At this point, we plan on returning every summer and won't search for another hotel, we will automatically book a room there for our next stay.
