A great, new spot in Lincoln Park for people who love local meats, seafood, cheeses, veggies and wines, but want all of those options 100% organic?  FINALLY!  :^)  Have been watching the place get set up and open...and this place has been worth the wait. Came in over the weekend with three of my close friends after chatting with one of their waiters for a bit on the phone about the menu and learning what Sprout is all about.  It was great to hear about the 100% organic casual elegance mantra that they claimed to have, but I wasn't going to be convinced until I left the restaurant and had that long sought after Wow, now THAT was good feeling.Only a couple other tables in the restaurant were filled when we arrived early that evening, but there was a comfortable vibe going on that was easy to recognize.  Prompt, pleasant greeting, by both the hostess and the server, once we sat down.  Waiter mentioned an organic spiced apple martini the bartender was making and we ordered a couple of those and a couple glasses of organic wine.  The martinis were original and delicious, and the guys were surprised by the quality of the wine as well.Two different types of their bread were brought out fairly quickly, and upon questioning we found out that it was two kinds of focaccia that they bake fresh daily.  Pretty tasty.  They also brought out a tiny bite for each of us from the chef that was a fun suprise.. We ordered a couple pear & brie salads, a bowl of truffle-roasted cauliflower cream, and their french onion soup.  I noticed everyone smiling after the first the first taste of the salads and soup, and I knew I had made a right choice in coming in. :-)Not going to go into detail about everything we ate, but suffice it to say we were all pleasantly surprised about just how sharp the meal was from start to finish.  This restaurant has a great space too, only lending to the experience.  Contemporary french jazz and thoughtful, photography based art added to the fairly intoxicating experience as well.  If I had a single major criticism, it'd be that with only 3 tables in the restaurant, it seemed a bit dead, but I'm guess that will change quickly, once people start talking about this place.We've already made another reservation for a couple weeks for now, and will probably end up dining here fairly regularly.  There's nothing like this place in the area.  Try it out, you'll be very pleased.  :^)
