It's no secret I like my martinis and girly drinks. Rum and Coke? BOOOORING! Vodka Cranberry? ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ! Chocolate Upsidedown Pineapple Cake Raspberry Fizz Martini*? Waaaahooooo! Violet Hour did not disappoint in the girly drink arena. Anyway despite all the warnings of long lines and rude bouncers we decided to attempt to go here on a Friday night after dinner. We were celebrating my birthday and I wanted to do something new and feel like part of the elite crowd. Besides it was like 20 degrees out so who would want to wait outside besides us? We got there about 10:30 and were told by the VERY NICE bouncer that there was about a 15 minute wait but he would seat us ASAP. We also got to wait inside. There was only one couple ahead of us. The others were call backs. You can leave your cell number and they will call you back when there is a table ready and you have 10 minutes to return. Nice touch. After about 10 minutes we were seated in the back salon right next to the fire. Overall the atmosphere was different and cool and I liked how dark it was in there. Very moody. It felt very swank but not pretentious. The first thing I noticed about the drink menu was that I had NO IDEA what 95% of the ingredients listed were. Our waitress promptly helped us and gave us some much needed suggestions. She also informed us that the drinks would take about 10 minutes, which they did. I had two drinks - Hotel National and a drink who's name I cannot remember but the waitress said it tasted like a cherry milkshake (SOLD!). Both were good especially the milkshakey one. It was made with egg yolk which sounds weird but it was good. It wasn't creamy really but it really did have a milkshake flavor. My friend had an Amaretto Fizz which was good and then a Stingy Brim which was flavored like tiramisu. We both agreed that one was an orgasm in a glass. Can't wait to go back and try more tasty concoctions and overall we had a good experience here. Well except for having to watch one girl give some dude a lap dance - seriously. WTF! *They don't really have that drink. I made it up. :)
