REVISED RATING: 2 stars (3 stars too misleading) This place gets a merciful 3-star rating as it minimally meets "decent." If I factor-in overall cost & value (even at $189 for a $799/night room), the rating would drop to 1 star. Cost/value-wise, this is by far the CRAPPIEST hotel I've ever stayed in, and beyond bragging rights of saying you've done the Hard Rock downtown Chicago, there is no reason to choose this hotel when so many others in the city offer TRUE luxury, comfort, and superior amenities for LE$$. Frankly, I've stayed in $89/night hotels that easily blow this one away (and I say that with no exaggeration and based on my staying in Hard Rock's very BEST rooms). My Review: LOBBY LEVEL - 4 STARS: The lobby decor is close to being top-notch - the flat screens by the elevators make for an exceptionally nice touch. The lobby also houses the Base Bar, which becomes a happening spot late evenings and on weekends. (See Base Bar review for more info). I only wish they had given as much attention to the rooms respective to concept and design. THE ROOMS - 2 STARS (that's very generous): This is where the aesthetics, quality, and prestige fall WAY short.  During all my stays here, I've been fortunate enough to get $500-$799/night king rooms/suites on the limited access 34th floor discounted to $180-200. (How? Booked through http://Priceline.com, then called the hotel directly to confirm my reservation and asked for a complimentary upgrade to the top floor. This works for most hotels, as well as cruise ship cabins - Try It). At first glance, rooms appear to be "decent" with the beds being the focal point, visually promising to be soft, plush, and comfy; however, under the deceptively attractive signature Hard Rock bedding, you will find dated, not-so-comfortable firm spring mattresses. Also, the "feather beds" the website and brochures rave about are little more than thin comforters.  Hard Rock should really look into upgrading to memory foam or adjustable air-bladder mattresses, like Select Comfort, if they hope to charge an average of $350 per night and expect return guests. This is the new standard of comfort...even the Raddisons of suburbia have them. The bad news doesn't end with the beds. As you begin to explore the "amenities" of the room, noting the Rock-n-Roll theme in the art on the wall and bedsheets, you begin noticing a second theme: FAKE Nothing appealing to your senses is truly what it appears to be when closely examined here. For example, the dressers appear to be made of rare "Zebra" wood, but under closer scrutiny are in fact made of compressed wood with zebra wood patterned formica veneers and components of impact resistant plastic. Oh, and the cool-looking trendy single-seat chairs are in fact cheap office-grade furniture upholstered in uncomfortably hard gold/tan vinyl snake/alligator print. Since no one can possibly sit on these chairs for more than 5 painful minutes at a time, they will undoubtedly last forever! The living room table is cheaper yet! (Look closely at chairs & coffee table in pics above). And the carpet! Before you walk into the room, it looks like standard hotel carpet, but step in and you can almost see your shoes wincing with every step. Take your shoes off and what you feel is harsh industrial strength carpet "pile"...AH-HA! Now you know why your shoes protested so! No doubt, this carpet was built for longevity, not comfort...and will be around long after we've journeyed to the other side. THE BATHROOMS - 3 Stars - Looks like they put 85% of the room budgets (which must not have been a lot to start with) into the bathrooms, which are fairly large and decently appointed with stainless fixtures, tiled floors, and Rock-n-roll pop art. *VERY standard hotel bathroom for NON-standard pricing? Hmmm.... I guess I shouldn't complain too much since I've only ever paid 25-50% of the regular room rates, but even at those prices I couldn't help but wish I were somewhere else like in a Regency Club level room at the Hyatt downtown - now THOSE rooms are TRULY luxurious. RECOMMENDATION: My advice is do the Hard Rock for the experience and bragging rights, but only for ONE night. The other nights, book your stay at Sofitel, Swissotel, W Hotel, or Hyatt Regency (Regency Club floor - limited access uppermost guest floor). All these hotels come with Select Comfort, memory foam, or pillow-top mattresses, thick down-filled feather beds, REAL WOOD FURNITURE, soft carpet, AMAZING VIEWS from upper-level guest floors, and spared no expense respective to design, decor, and amenities! They are also less than the Hard Rock's version of the same rooms. Expect $180-$400/night (Priceline/Hotwire/Travelocity) depending on advanced booking and season. NOTE: Other Hard Rock Hotels - (Vegas, Miami, etc) are NICE.
