Quite a stellar restaurant! What really gets you at first is the interior decoration. So colorful and bright, with very high ceilings! Now, onto actual dinner... For starters, my date and I shared some guacamole. Easily some of the best I have ever tasted. Very fresh and creamy. Along with that, we ordered camarones al ajillo, which was four jumbo shrimp on top of a garbanzo puree with garlic. If you don't like garlic, don't order it...our breath smelled garlicky all night! My date decided to introduce me to cerviches, which I personally didn't care for. For dinner, I chose the Quinotto. Wow, if I wasn't so full from the appetizers, I would have polished this off! A very generous portion of quinoa, packed and served in a circular disc-like shape. Inside, it contained snow peas, asparagus, pine nuts and raisins. On top was some sort of greenery, which I think was arugula. On top of that was some bits of goat cheese and capers. The goat cheese lended a nice creamy mouth-feel to the rest of the dish. Drizzled on the side of the plate is a aji panca mushroom sauce. Cute, but not enough flavor for me. Now, the downer. Upon choosing this restaurant for my 21st birthday (Yay!) I was mostly excited to see they served plantains. When I attempted to order a side of them, our server informed me that they were OUT of plantains. WHAT?? I was SO disappointed! How do you run out of a staple like that? Not only is it a side, but it is served with the Ropa Vieja dish! Our server suggested we try Tostones instead, which was slices of under-ripe bananas fried, served with a garlic sauce. Blegh. No flavor at all. The service was great. Our server definitely had a great personality and described the dishes very well. However, my date miscalculated the tip (20 on a 140 check) and left less than usual, and our server was very short when saying goodbye to us. That rubbed me the wrong way. All in all, the dinner was delicious...I would definitely come back for the guacamole and Quinotto, and next time, they better have plantains!
