When I heard the news that Rick Bayless was finally looking to open up a spot in homage to classic Mexican street food, my first thoughts were a mixture of excitement, high hopes. Yet inklings of trepidation and questions about whether this would be a smart move on his part also popped in my head. Business-wise, there is little doubt that he can succeed. He has built an entire brand around his love and execution of traditional Mexican cuisine. Mexican food on all levels is incredibly diverse. I won't try to explain it all to you (nor will I even try to pretend as if I am some kind of expert on it), but just think of how large the country is, how many different ethnic groups have called it home, how Mexico played a huge part in the Spanish trade routes coming all the way from Asia, through Mexico, and then off to Spain (and vice-versa). Not to mention the influence of French rulers for a few years, and of course- the traditions of the pre-Columbian people who had lived there for hundreds of years. It is from this vast and diverse "arsenal" of ingredients, cooking techniques, and people's tastes and traditions that brought about comida Mexicana- what some would consider the first form of "fusion" cuisine. Still from there, and even today with even more influences going on, one of the finest examples of the every day people's foods in Mexico took form in little roadside stands, and vending carts. In reality, the same can be said about really any place in the world. But please, don't tell me that Mexican food can't be fancy or upscale. I promise if you compared the techniques, the steps and the preparation involved in let's say boeuf Bourguignon, or a terrine to a well executed mole con pollo- the chicken mole would be much more complex and difficult to do. Besides, French food, which is regarded by many to be the most refined and "fancy" out of all of the types of food, was developed by peasants who had to make do with the scarce resources they had! Which brings me back to XOCO. Bayless' concept seemed to be the perfect balance of refined flavors using excellent quality ingredients and well executed cooking techniques, but with all of the pretentious notions that follow fine dining establishments thrown to the side. But there was a problem. Here you have a concept that embraces and highlights an aspect of Mexican cuisine that most Americans know about, even if on a minimal level- street food. Yet focusing on tortas and caldos, not tacos and the basically American invention- burritos, may confuse some who don't explore it more. Not to mention the prices, while not at the level of fine dining establishments throughout the city, are still a bit steep (up to $12 for a sandwich) compared to quite a few taquerias that offer tortas (for as little as about $4). That is where my anxieties for XOCO grew. Would I leave this place thinking it really was better than the handful of Mexican places I frequent on the south side? Would it really take me back to Tulum Puebla or Ensenada? Would this place be viewed by Harriet of Cedar Rapids, IA as the quintessential Mexican experience? Or maybe not tasting quite as good as that ground beef burrito with ranch sauce and shredded cheddar cheese at Taco John's? As I have stated above- I would hate to see the history and the traditions of Mexican food be even more misunderstood. And so I have gone. Twice, actually. The first time was for breakfast. The two tortas that we tried were quite nice. The star of these sandwiches was the bread- or at least how they got it crisp without over doing it. Flavors were nice too. We tried a couple of churros, and while they were tasty like churros are, they were just churros. Which is to say, nothing special in my opinion. We also tried the sipping chocolate. "Made in house" is an understatement. They actually take cocoa beans from whole and do their own processing, and it shows! So rich and yet not at all what you would have if you took a good quality chocolate bar and melt it down. Try the Azteca. The mixture of the heat from the cayenne and other spices with the rich chocolate is a delicious treat. The second time I came was for lunch- and this time gave me a better feel for how this place does. Food this time was good too. I ordered the cochinita pibil and was happy with it. The suckling pig was not dried out, had a great flavor and was put on that nicely toasted bolero-like French bread (which I found out is not made in house- it comes from a major national bakery) with some pickled onions, and black beans. Is XOCO a success? In business terms, so far in its early days- absolutely! However, I am hoping that Harriet from Cedar Rapids has her eyes opened to the wonderful traditions and flavors of real Mexican food, in an environment that is very much American, and walks away realizing just how refined and special comida Mexicana can be.
