What can I say besides: STAY AWAYMy wife and I went out for a nice dinner last evening and by virtue of circumstance, ended up at Shaw's.We had a 9:30 reservation and arrived early at 9pm. This was a Saturday and the place was NOT busy. This should have been our que to leave. In fact, when we arrived we were the ONLY people waiting for a table. Several other couples arrived in the meantime, one of which announced that they had a 9:30 reservation too. Yes, they were seated a full 15 minutes ahead of us. Being a bi-racial couple, I would like to go ahead and play the RACISM card, but I won't go there. There's plenty of other negative things about our dining experience that will send my review of Shaw's into the dirt.We finally sat were waited on promptly and ordered the Calamari appetizer. Compared to the countless other steakhouses and fine dining Calamari orders I've had over the years, this portion was small and forgettable.As for the entrees: I ordered the Shaw's seafood platter and my wife the Alaskan King Crab Legs.  The seafood platter, at $30, had remarkably small portions and, again, bland flavors (is this a theme here, anyone?). The butterfly garlic shrimp were anemic at best, the scallops were tender but almost totally transparent in flavor and the crab cake was average at best. My wife's crab legs were the highlight of this all-time low for us. Joe's Stone Crab blows these out of the water. Again, unmemorable.The sides: Hash browns with onions... again: BLAND and creamed spinach: Poorly done.Our waiter was MIA after he took our order until desert. I can't stiff a waiter on sheer principle but you better believe I was tempted.It's a crying shame when you drop over $160 on a meal and feel that you're taste buds would have been better rewarded at Portillo's or the Billy Goat Tavern.To top the evening off, the valet deliberately coughed all over his hand before we asked for change. Would you like some Eastern European phlegm back with your $5. STAY AWAY STAY AWAY STAY AWAYYour money is better spent at one of 100 other out-of-the-box seafood/steakhouses in downtown Chicago.
