ZERO STARS FOR ZERO CUSTOMER SERVICE Coming to this restaurant for my friend's birthday was easily the worst decision we've made in a while. Ready for an amazing meal and at least tolerable service, we were greeted from the beginning with hostility and made to feel very uncomfortable. Even though a reservation had been made days in advance, we were made to wait at least 30 minutes at the bar, which was severely understaffed and maybe five of us were served one drink. All 11 of us are over the age of 21 by at least 3 years, yet once we sat down at the table we were refused the service of celebratory bottles of champagne. No one was able to tell us why, except because they "feared for their wait staff." Seems a little crazy when not even all of us had a drink yet... when we attempted to talk to the manager about the situation, she was no where to be found. once she was spotted, she told the birthday boy to sit down because she didn't want to deal with him. maybe i'm wrong but you would think working in a customer service industry, where the customer is "always" right, she would at least talk to us and explain the situation (since she obviously didn't want to make more money but selling us the champagne...), guess we were wrong. we tried to continue on with our meal, making the best of a bad situation because it was a good friends birthday. once our food finally did make it out, at least 6 of the orders were made wrong, with not a single apology, and one meal didn't show up until 25 minutes after the rest, you would think at a nice restaurant like this they would understand eating etiquette and the fact that you wait for everyone to be served before you start, again we were clearly mistaking. On top of ALL of that, there was not one but FIVE PLUS hairs in one meal. Now many of us have worked in restaurants before so we are very aware that finding a hair in a meal is not the end of the world. Finding five+ hairs though in less than a square inch of space (underneath the steak to be exact) is a little bit fishy... After all of this happened, we were obviously ready to leave. Who was at the door to meet us?! Oh our good friends the Chicago Police, who had clearly been called by the stellar manager a Ms. Jenny Estes. The CPD listened to the story, told the restaurant they were in the wrong, and we left. Thanks again for ruining what could have been a wonderful (and expensive) dinner. We will be sure to never come back. Oh yea, not to mention all the construction.... DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY WITH THIS GARBAGE, there are hundreds of better restaurants in this wonderful city of Chicago where the staff will not treat you like trash.
