I love good chocolate, good coffee and good jam. Fox & Obel sells all of those. It's a gourmet grocery store. I noticed that everyone thinks it's overpriced. It really isn't. Expensive? Yes. Overpriced? No! This grocery store sells a lot of the stuff you buy in your average grocery store if it's a good product, and then it sells some over-the-top-amazing products. Jam will run you $7-$9 if you look at their jam selection, but that's because they have so many imported fancy jams and Stonewall Kitchen jams (try the strawberry rhubarb jam or the peach pomegranate). These are expensive brands, not Smuckers. They're good though, really good! Same goes with the candy next to the checkout lines. It's not stocked with Hershey's, Crunch and Snicker's... it's Vosage's! My favorite chocolate bar here is the Oaxaca bar, give it a try for about $5 (regular chocolate bar size).  The coffee here is also great as I mentioned above. I love my coffee, and Fox & Obel is my favorite place to buy coffee, usually about $12-$16 a pound, but they have some even more expensive coffees that I don't make enough money to buy yet =/. Somewhere close to the coffee, you can buy chocolate by the pound. They have these big glass jars, and it makes you think of candy stores from back in the day that you only see in movies! There's a lot of glass jars filled with chocolate pieces, from all different locations, of all different varieties and with all different cacao contents! I can never resist to buy 1/4-1/2 a pound of chocolate (at about $12-$15 a pound), because it is soooo good! I savor the pieces and eat them slowly over the course of one week. Next to the chocolate is more candy sold by the pound, but I'm strictly a chocolate girl. This place isn't just great for the atmosphere, which feels clean, fresh and fun, but it's the amazing selection of whatever foods you live for! Every kind of item has it's own special shelf or section it seems. They have an amazing selection of chocolate, coffee, cheese, tea, candy that's not chocolate (as chocolate is it's own category to me), juices, wines, baking mixes, jams, meats, breads, and the list goes on! The bakery here is particularly great! My roommate's boyfriend is from Germany and when he got here we had taken him to a number of stores and bakeries for bread, because in Germany there's apparently real standalone bakeries still on every corner, and everyone starts their day with fresh bread from the bakery and butter. So, he was on the search for good bread here since he was staying for a month. He found a nearby bakery to be the closest thing to his standards though not very good, but then I told him I would take him somewhere I thought he might enjoy the bread from. I actually have no idea what bread from a German bakery must be like, but I just took a chance that if one place had a quality bakery, it would be F&O. Sure enough, he was impressed. He stocked up on bread and we called it a trip. The bakery also does great dessert fyi. I always come here before seeing a movie at the AMC down the street, and I buy dessert, usually the bread pudding for me. It's a single serving size dish of bread pudding for about $4 or $5.  Another thing is that service isn't just good service here. The staff is nice, helpful, and KNOWLEDGEABLE! i think you have to know your stuff about whatever section you work in to be employed here, because everyone working here REALLY knows a lot about the food they work with. The reason I first ventured here was that my sister had a friend whose Dad lived in Chicago and would only shop here (big spender), so she told me about how her friend described it as amazing, and told her to tell me that I have to check it out. I've hooked so many friends onto this place since! On a last note... Oprah gets her groceries from here and you should try their blueberry scone baking mix. It's in a little bag about the size of the one pound bags of coffee you'd see in any grocery store, and it's yellowish/beigeish with blueberies and either green writing or leaves. They also make a cranberry scone mix which is also good. (roughly $7 if I remember)
