Came here on my visit to Chicago back in September. Apparently this restaurant is really hard to book reservations for but luckily one of my friends called and they had a cancellation so they were able to fit us in last minute. First off this is a very unique restaurant. Totally different from any restaurant I have been to. It was an experience unlike any other. It was entertaining and a feast for your eyes but I must admit not a feast for your tummy. You can definitely tell that the chef put much work and thought into the presentation of each dish. We ordered the tasting menu which came with 13 courses. Every course was unique and different. Some courses were really good but some I thought were just ok. You could do wine pairing with the dinner but we opted to order just a bottle of wine. Which I think is the smarter approach. The wine pairing cost an additional 120 per person on top of the 150 you are paying per person for the tasting menu, if I remembered correctly. It definitely was not a cheap meal and will take a big chunk out of your wallet. So why the three stars you might ask....the staff I thought were pretty uptight. We tried to take pictures of our food and at times our flash would accidently go off and they would come up to us right away and remind us that we need to stop using the flash. What's the big deal right, I am sure no one is bothered by it and if we are paying the price that we are paying I feel we should at least be able to take pictures freely. On top of that there was no music at all in the restaurant and it was really quiet. I felt so uncomfortable and felt like I couldn't talk or act freely. I felt like I was being watch like a hawk by the staff, it was not a very comfortable atmosphere at all. I wish the staff and atmosphere would have been a little more relaxed and chill, it would've made the experience so much better. Total price for the four of us was around 800 bucks. A big thanks to our friend who was so generous to treat us to this very pricey dinner. I definitely don't regret trying Alinea because it's something you gotta try for the experience of culinary art. But would I come back..most likely not. One time is good enough for me.
