Fabulous decor, very professional service, but not a place I'd rate tops for food. For the right guests, this is one of the places I'd consider taking them. But I don't expect to bother again just for us. The wait staff dripped attitude, like answering my question about if a certain item is moist or dry in the middle with "We have a professional staff in the kitchen. It's prepared properly." Emphasis on the word "properly." But beyond the attitude the service was impeccable. The dcor is very appealing. Elegant is a good description. Tables are well spaced, so everyone has privacy. It's a contemporary, open setting, not unlike Four Seasons in New York. Part of the Lettuce Entertain You empire, they've thought of everything. Like bring a tray with black and white napkins so that my wife can pick which color lint to have on her dress. The clientele is definitely upscale, regulated by the "jacket required" notice. Their wine list is gigantic - I've never seen so many wines priced over $300 a bottle. Of course the one wine we picked they were out of, but the replacement wine was nice. And I appreciate the wine sommelier recommending a replacement that was less expensive than our original choice. I had their crispy veal sweetbreads as a starter. This is the item I do not like dried out and overcooked, and the subject of the pompous answer from the waiter. "moist" was assured, but not delivered. They'd more appropriately be named veal McNuggets. Tasteless. Across the table my wife loved her bay scallops, the smallest bay scallops you've ever seen with small thin strips of bacon on top of each. She said they were perfect. My main was the Atlantic halibut with braised fennel and olive. Fabulous, thick yet still cooked through, moist, and flavorful. My wife also liked her Wagyu beef short ribs, and went crazy for the small cups carved from apple with a jalapeno puree inside each apple cup. Bite size and delicious. I went with the cheese cart instead of dessert, a disastrous choice. I won't bore you with the story - if you enjoy a good cheese cart, don't be looking for it here. We enjoyed the prix fixe menu, with seven appetizers and seven mains to pick from. Each was a generous serving. The evening ended with a wonderful conversation with the general manager and a tour of the kitchen. It was a delightful evening, but I'll be surprised if we make another reservation here. Too many other good choices in Chicago.
