For me, Frontera Grill is a 2-stars, even if I was never afforded the opportunity to eat there. Accessibility is to optimize profits for Rick Bayless, not to allow customers to have a good meal. The first thing you have to know is that three Rick Bayless restaurants are in the same storefront. A few years ago, my wife and I came to Chicago and thought we'd try one of the Rick Bayless Mexican restaurants. We know Mexican food - Arizona, Mexican-American, cook it ourselves, SF Bay Area, etc. We found that on our limited time, we could only get into Topolobampo. We went there for dinner. The food was very stylish, small portions, multiple courses, expensive -- overall not a good financial proposition unless you "wanted to say you'd eaten there". Not us. We like Mexican food because it is food. So this trip, the Frontera Grill seemed a possibility. The menu shows real meals - not snacks. We wanted to eat, not be seen. On entering at 6 PM, we were told the wait is 90-120 minutes. Our attempt was to eat once again, not appear in some production. Disappointed, I asked at what time one might come to have dinner without the wait? I was told: "Make a reservation". I said that I'd been to their website and it said they don't take reservations? I was told they did. So as a manager walked up, I said "We'd like to make a reservation for tomorrow night, please". He interrupted my conversation with the hostess and said "Our first reservations are three weeks from tonight". Huh? So they wouldn't tell me when I could sit down to eat if I came at another time, they mislead me by saying I could make a reservation - but not in the lifetime of our one week visit to Chicago, and they were just plain down snooty and arrogant. (We ate at a very excellent Indian food restaurant 1 1/2 blocks away. Some of the best Indian food we've had - and we've had plenty.) I figured it out. Topolobampo is exquisitively expensive and plays to Rick Bayless' ego. But not enough customers -- you CAN make reservations there. Frontera Grill, it serves regular Mexican food meals that might be enjoyable and a reasonable deal -- BUT -- to maximize revenues Rick won't make (real) reservations, but packs you in as you wait for the shmucks before you to leave. Avoid.
