Fried okra, how do I love thee?? Let me count the ways...1,2,3,4,5,6 - hey, where'd the rest of my fried okra go?!?! That my friends, may have been the only downside to Big Jones. When something says that it comes with fries and okra I expected almost equal amounts of both. Not a hundred potato sticks and 6 delectable fried bits o' heaven. Alas, this was the case. Next time, I will order an entire side. That being said, the BJ is pretty good in my humble Southern raised opinion. Appetizers...The fried green tomatoes? TO.DIE.FOR. The only place in the city that I've found that they were actually "green" tomatoes, served with a remoulade which is just a fancy name there for spicy mayonnaise. The chedder herb croquettes? Ooey cheesy herby fried goodness, swimming in a pool of green goddess dressing. Are we sensing a theme here? Fried. It be good. Dinner...I order the Baby Back Ribs. Not amazing, but not awful. I like my ribs wet, some like them dry. These were kinda in the middle, so that was weird. They probably could've been smoked longer because they weren't as fallin' off the bone as they should have been, but tenderness aside the flavor was okay. I won't go into another fried okra diatribe...you know how I feel about that already. Other courses ordered at my table were the Shrimp and Grits, the Pecan Catfish, and the Porterhouse. Ain't nothing wrong with a creamy cheesy bowl of grits, with or without the shrimp, and the catfish had a mustard sauce on it that I would be happy at any point in time to lick off any willing friend or stranger. My dad ate the porterhouse before I could get a taste; so my guess is that it was good. Dessert: I'm biased here. I'm a pastry chef, and almost never order dessert because I'm always disappointed. Well, I'm going 50/50 on this one. The Apple Crumble Fruit Tart - skip it. I don't know why they didn't peel the apples beforehand, but it gave the tart a rubbery consistency. the brown sugar ice cream that they served with it was too frozen, super icey and over-churned. Not good. However...the Mississippi Mud Pie was awesome. Warm fudgy chocolaty heaven on a plate. With unsweetened whipped cream - which was fine because it didn't need any more suga'. Oh, and it was topped with toasted mini marshmallows. I love toasted mini marshmallows. Overall, service was, well - odd. They weren't busy, and one second our server was hovering and the next he'd up and disappeared on us. I liked the atmosphere, the lighting, the curtains...and clean, nice smelling bathrooms but not in an over-sterlized Clorox kind of way. Mmmm....fried okra.
