These type of restaurants really do get me excited, and if you read any of my other reviews on Asian restaurants, especially ones on restaurants that purport to be Asian, you will see how much fun I have Yelping them.  Sunda this! and Sunda that! Its a new fancy Asian-fusion restaurant you gotta try! Kind of pricey but its the new thing! This sort of discourse is usually a big deterrent to me, equivalent to seeing a radiation symbol on a door. But since I lived in the area, on the same street, and literally had to pass by every day, I decided... a little radiation never hurt.  July 28 2009, I tried Sunda for the first time, on my birthday, with my dad. We had the lunch specials and some sushi. I had the "shrimp and sea bass curry" - green curry, pineapple, peppers and lemongrass. I love seabass and shrimp but I HATE curry. Our server was a little asian girl by the name of nikki (i think) that was so empathic about the curry fish I had no choice but to try. My dad had "grilled petite ny steak" (8 oz) Korean style with sesame and soy. Before our dishes came out the server brought us some fish chips that you can usually only find in Chinatown. I was told that the restaurant "imports" them from Chinatown, LOL. The two meals were the perfect amount of flavor and size for the both of us for lunch. I am not a big fan of curry nor korean style anything but since Sunda was somehow able to do some magic with their curry I would definitely try it again in the near future. February 27, 2010 my GF and I went into Sunda to grab a quick appetizer before our actual dinner at a restaurant nearby.  We asked for a table at the sushi bar because it was 99% vacant and we really only had about 10 minutes before we had to leave. Surprisingly though, the two hostesses (a petite black girl and equally petite asian girl) gave us very smug looks and then rolled their eyes. I'm not sure if they were annoyed that we didn't want to sit at a real table or if they were just trying to make it seem like the place was so cool that you couldn't just ask for a table without a 3 month reservation, even if it is clearly not that busy. Anyways, we told our waiter, who looked like a photocopy of Llyod Lee (played by Rex Lee) from Entourage (very awesome), that we only wanted to order some super white (escolar) tuna and had to leave. He was very understanding and quickly put in the order. The sushi was quite heavenly and the service from after the hostess part was excellent. To my surprise I was thoroughly impressed by Sunda and will be back for more soon, hungry and hopefully able to stay longer.
