For some reason I thought I've already written a review for this place, but after some searching, figured out I didn't. Thus this review is much over due. My bf decided to take me out for a day on the town and to start he wanted me to try The Gage. It was pretty easy to get to as it's right on MI and not too far from the Red Line stop. I really didn't know what to expect as it's an "Irish Pub." This place definitely isn't like a "typical" Irish Pub. I must say I was pleasantly surprised! We didn't have a reservation, but got a table right away, although it was 1:30PM on a Saturday... The place was pretty packed and it seemed like every table as filled. Let's get to the best part.. THE FOOD. Even though it was already 1:30 in the afternoon, I decided to order off their brunch menu. I got the eggs benedict w/ rasher (Irish bacon). WOW!!! It was probably one of the best eggs benedicts I've ever had. It was overly salty and the eggs were cooked to perfect - not over done at all! The potato hash that it was served with was also cooked very nicely. I normally don't finish my entire plate, but I was ready to lick this one clean! My bf got got the famous Fish & Chips. The waiter also mentioned that their version of the Fish & Chips was voted the best in the city. I was a bit skeptical when she mentioned that, but when I took a bite I could see why it was voted "Best Fish & Chips" in the city! If you have been to restaurant before and didn't try the Fish & Chips, go back to get one! You are missing out! The prices were decent as well since they are on Michigan Ave after all. I thought $12 for Eggs Benedict was very reasonable for a fantastic restaurant located on MI Ave. We also ordered the desert. I can't tell you exactly what it was so needless to say I wasn't very impressed. I think I would skip the desert next time and order more drinks! :) I can't wait for the next time I go back to this restaurant and taste their delicious food! This should definitely be high on your list if you haven't tried it yet!
