From the looks of things on this Yelp page, the last thing Hot Doug's needs is another exemplary review. Well, I just can't help myself. My kind words may be but a drop in the massive ocean of praise that Hot Doug's affords, but I really love the sound of my own voice and, perhaps even more so, I loved my experience at Hot Doug's. The wife and I were on a long weekend trip to Chicago, and when she asked me what I wanted to do I thought of two things: a game at Wrigley, and Hot Doug's. I had never known anyone to eat there, but the reverberations of their greatness had echoed all the way out to my neck of the woods through various foodie avenues. Hot Doug's was a destination to be visited, and it was at the top of my list. Access is a bit of an issue, especially for out of towners without a rental car (and a starting point in Oak Park, thanks Frank Lloyd Wright), but a $40 cab ride dropped us off in front of Hot Doug's, to take our place at the end of the massive line at 3:30 on a sweltering afternoon. We took a leap of faith that they'd serve everyone in line even once 4 came (they will, so don't worry) and waited. We saw an ambulance come and tend to one of our encased meat brethren that succumbed to dehydration, prompting the staff to (very, very kindly) water us from the garden hose so that we wouldn' t pass out, too. We even had some ice cream while we waited thanks to the very industrious Good Humor man that pulled up alongside the line (Good Humor Toasted Almond... YES!) After about an hour and a half we had made it into the doors and were face to face with Doug himself. But first you have to contend with the menu. You've got the basics: beef dog, bratwurst, polish sausage, italian sausage, andouille, Thuringer (garlicky and awesome) and so forth. You can get them topped with any variety of things, and that's all well and good. But what really sets Hot Doug's apart are "today's specials," which from my gathering are every day's specials. And good for you, too, since you need to be a part of these things. On to the selections: The Sauternes duck sausage with foie gras gets a lot of pub, as well it should. This is, quite simply one of the best things I've ever eaten in my life. I'm not even going to attempt to describe the taste, because I think something akin to opening the Ark of the Covenant in Raiders of the Lost Ark might happen and burn my face off. Just go there and eat it. Then smuggle another one onto a plane and fly it back to me, please. I took my first bite of my duck sausage to "White Man in Hammersmith Palais" by the Clash. It couldn't have been much more perfect, short of having it fed to me by a nude Brooklyn Decker. I also had the uber garlic pork smoked sausage with roasted garlic, brick cheese, and chipotle dijonnaise. Anything that allows me to eat whole cloves of roasted garlic is ok in my book. And this thing was more than ok. Very nice. My wife got the Thuringer with giardiniera (spelled that right the first time, and I'm mostly of German descent) which was good. I'd get down on a Thuringer as a go to weekend sausage on a regular basis. She also tried the celebrity dog, a crawfish/smoked pork sausage combo topped with cajun remoulade and goat cheese drizzled with honey. This was another out of this world combination that I didn't see coming. So great. And, oh yeah, duck fat french fries to go with it. This place is heaven on earth. The service is fantastic. Even though they're one of the busiest places that I've ever visited Doug could not have been nicer and took time to chat with us when we ordered. Their seating policy of grabbing a seat after you order was also great, because everyone had a place to sit and enjoy their hard earned meal. You may find yourself in line, sweating of freezing your ass off, wondering if all of this was worth it. I'm here to assure you that it most certainly is, and then some. From now until the time I visit again, or die, whichever comes first, I will think of that duck sausage, and Hot Doug's. Thanks for a truly memorable experience and I hope to visit again soon.
