Full review in blog, important notes below. Entering Bonsoiree we were greeted promptly and given our choice of "any two top" as the restaurants 26 seats were less than 1/3 full. Seated towards the front and away from the kitchen I have to admit I was somewhat taken back by the design of the space - intimate to say the least a combination of exposed brick walls, dangling track lighting, and floral sculptures plus a soundtrack of the kitchen's sounds were all the ambiance provided and small details such as chipped paint seemed a tad out of place. Notably the hand selected plates at each course were an excellent touch but unfortunately a few were chipped and certainly needing replacement in the coming months, the silverware too was dingy. Hanging our server her BYObeer we were provided with filtered tap water and our somewhat extended menu was confirmed. BonSoiree does not offer bread service or any beverages outside of water and while I will note that service was adequate, it certainly was not on the level of that provided by Dozzy in arranging the evening. Certainly everything arrived nicely and with excellent temperature and adequate description plus I was even presented with a hand printed copy of the menu at night's end, but plates often sat empty for several minutes prior to clearing, water thrice reached empty, and servers largely seemed disengaged from the diners until the very last two courses. The second course would prove to be the most traditional Japanese presentation of the night, but at the same time not traditional at all in its flavor profile. Titled Crab and Scallop Motoyaki with Torched Ponzu Aioli the dish was served in a shell with sizeable chunks of fresh crab and scallops interspersed in the creamy admixture with hints of soy and yuzu. First cooked in the oven and then bruleed for a crackling crust the dish was potentially the most sweet of the evening, even compared to the desserts. Dish number three was perhaps Chef Shin's "signature," an item always available at a supplemental cost. Entitled Duck Duck Goose the course featured a nicely prepared slice of Seared Duck Breast atop melt-in-the-mouth and surprisingly un-crispy Duck Confit alongside a seared slice of Foie Gras, fig puree, crabapple, and smooth saffron gastrique. Served elegantly in stackable Plexiglas boxes I was pleasantly surprised that my sister actually enjoyed this rather firm preparation of Foie as she generally does not. A solid dish I must say that as a supplement it really did not seem to "fit" the East meets West theme of the rest of the meal. Dish five was another "always available" supplement on the Bonsoiree menu - the Smoking Bacon Box with house cured pork belly bacon, sunny side quail eggs, toasted ouzo marshmallow, and applewood smoke. Served in a small box and opened tableside with a puff of smoke arising from the marshmallow that filled the room with a lovely smell of pork and spice we both found this dish to be far more successful than the Duck Duck Goose - it was the second best dish of the night by both our palates. Crispy and slightly sweet the pork was divine while the egg added its characteristic smoothness - a dish worth visiting Bonsoiree for any time of the year. Arriving after the box was my sister's favorite dish of the night, served in a long hollowed out porcelain bowl, Slow cooked Rabbit with Madeira Beurre Blanc, Pancetta Gnocchi, Tomato Intensity, and Sage Silhouette. Nutty and supple the rabbit was the best I've tasted and it paired nicely with the robust sweetness of the Madeira. Flanking the rabbit were two fluffy pillows of savory gnocchi, tomato confit, and dehydrated sage that had been concentrated and melded with gelatin to form a single blade of "sage" that tasted, if possible, more sage-like than the herb itself. While I wasn't quite as wowed as my sister who was still talking about it days later it was certainly an outstanding dish. The final course of our evening was served with instructions - specifically to "break" the yolk and to eat the "Button" last. Clever and whimsical the Eggs Benedict with Sweet English Muffin, Candied Bacon, Lavender Hollandaise, Vanilla Bean Panna Cotta, Encapsulated Mango, and Sansho Pepper Button looked very much like its namesake breakfast dish. With a scone-like muffin sliced lengthwise and topped with candied pork, a ring of smooth vanilla, and a Moto-like fruit capsule the true star of this dish was actually the Hollandaise - a thick and creamy sauce with excellent floral tones that seemed to bring everything to a peak on the palate. That noted, I feel Bonsoiree sits amongst the top 10 restaurants I've experienced in Chicago and the setting and price point (especially for those who choose to bring alcohol) is quite nice for both the shorter and longer menu. An excellent reservationist and a talented chef could very well net Bonsoiree a star when Michelin hands out rankings in a week.
