I'll try and keep it short(er) and to the point...I think 500+ reviews probably says just about anything I have to say! My group of 4 had reservations for 7:30 on a Friday night. They get major props for seating us promptly at 7:30 - so many other busy, popular, see & be seen type places downtown are horrible at getting you sat at your reservation time. It was a nice surprise that we didn't have to wait at all. This is a very busy place. It was mostly filled with what seemed to be an after work set (lot's of guys in suits) and then sprinkled in were some diners like my group (girls night out), and some tourist looking types in baseball caps & gym shoes who clearly missed the boat on dressing accordingly (note - this is not a fancy place but it has a bit of an upscale feel to it so baseball caps are a No No). Our server was fantastic. It was Restaurant Week and we planned to all do the RW prix fixe deal. Our server was really helpful explaining all the dishes and helping us to pick a wine. The food was good, a really interesting menu and it definitely had that gastropub spin to it. We started with the chips (fries) and they came with a curry dipping sauce. They were very well seasoned although I personally didn't care for the curry sauce. My first course was the lobster bisque which fell a little short for me. It was just kind of blah. For my entree I had the risotto of the day and it was phenomenal. It just melted in my mouth and left me wanting more, more, more! My dining companions went with the steak and whitefish and I heard no complaints from them. The atmosphere in here is just buzzing with energy. I like that they have it separated in to a bar section with tables that feels more pub like, and then the dining section which felt very white tablecloth, 5 star dining. I consider this a see & be seen place, but it really didn't have that pretentious feel to it at all. I will definitely be going back to sample some of the other menu items. Overall just a very pleseant, enjoyable dining experience.
