I had a reservation here on a Saturday at noon that I was able to get without a problem, which surprised me as Chicagoans are crazy about brunch. Regardless, we arrived a few minutes early and decided to wait a few extra minutes past our reservation time to get one of the few outdoor tables on their back patio. While we were waiting we took in the beautiful atmosphere indoors which was very classically old southern. The restaurant was mostly full and bustling, but it didn't seem to incredibly loud, which I noted for our next visit when the weather may not be as nice. The back patio was tiny, maybe 6-8 tables that could accommodate parties of four and two. They did a great job with the space though by adding huge plants that break up the area in between the tables all nestled within a huge privacy fence that hides the fact you're pretty much sitting in the alley. We had a very attentive waiter who quickly brought us water and took our drink orders. I was happy to see that the coffee they serve is an Intelligentisa Blend which is always tasty and a great accent to a brunch/breakfast. One of the members in our party ordered their freshly squeezed orange juice which looked amazingly pulpy and delicious. I heard no complaints from her and when she ordered a second I knew it was solid, and as it should being over $3 a glass. After we all had mulled over the extensive brunch offerings, we put in our order and we were served up some complimentary beignets. Being somewhat "new" to southern style cooking, I had actually never had one of these. They were essentially less sweet donuts doused in a pile of powdered sugar. The dough itself was a little bland for my liking, but dipping it repeatedly in the powdered sugar helped remedy that issue, making me glad they weren't incredibly sweet on their own. This definitely helped whet my appetite for the destruction of my brunch which happened shortly thereafter. Here's the damage that was done: 1) Eggs New Orleans (Ponchartrain blue crab cakes with poached eggs, popovers, and bearnaise sauce, served with Potatoes O'Brien): Delicious. Absolutely delicious. Dare I even say INCREDIBLY delicious? I mean, I knew I was in for a treat as soon as my eyes glanced over the word crab and poached eggs. The very meaty and minimal to no filling crab cakes were nestled neatly into two soft popovers with a poached egg delicately perched on top. There was just the right amount of bearnaise sauce on top that mixed wonderfully with the egg yolks when they were broken. It was the tastiest mashup of flavors that I've had in awhile, and I inhaled the entree. The side of the Potatoes O'Brien was also a treat as the hashed browns were perfectly browned, giving it a nice crunch, along with the bites of onions and peppers. I'd absolutely have this entree again. 2) Big Jones Benedict (House cured and smoked ham simmered in Kilgus Farmstead cream, served on a traditional farmstead biscuit with poached eggs & Potatoes O'Brien): My boyfriend got this dish and I nabbed a bite, and it was also incredible. It was essentially the same as the Eggs New Orleans but with ham instead of crab. I'm pretty sure his was also served over popovers, but I could be wrong. The ham was some of the best I've had brunch wise in awhile--it literally flaked apart and had an amazing smokey ham flavor. 3) Gumbo Ya-Ya (Gunthorp Farm chicken and house andouille in a deep, dark, smoky roux, with steamed aromatic Arkansas rice): One of my friends ordered this, and I snagged a bite after I gobbled up my food. It was a huge difference from my rich and savory meal, so the flavor contrast was huge. It was VERY smoky tasting, almost to the point of tasting burnt. I wasn't a huge fan, but I feel like had I been eating it the entire time I would've liked it more. He finished almost every bite, so I feel like that speaks enough! 4) House Cured & Smoked Bacon and Early Onion Omelet (House-cured smoked bacon and organic baby swiss cheese with Spring onions and local spinach, choose potatoes or creamy grits): The other member of our party got this one, and she seemed to love it! I was past the point of fullness to try hers, but the omelet was huge and looked awesome, I probably will venture to get it on one of my next trips here. 5) Side of Bacon: Thick cut, slightly crispy, but not burnt. There was a slight hint of maple and it was fantastic. When it comes to thick cut bacon this is second place in my book behind Au Cheval. Trust me, I don't mess around with bacon. I'll definitely come back in the future, but now I'm intrigued to try their dinner and lunch offerings. If you want a different take on brunch from your standard offerings definitely make the trek to Andersonville and hit up Big Jones.
