I walked through the front door of Public (which is actually on Goethe, not on State) and immediately felt like I was in the middle of someone else's wedding or charity ball. The entire main floor was hopping with hundreds of well-dressed people socializing, drinking and lounging. Normally, this type of scene at a hotel is represented by a demographic in their mid to late 20s. Not at Public. Here, the social club is comprised of many people who are 40+, but still have it going on. This is clearly the "it" place to see and be seen by the non-clubbing club. I checked in at the front desk and the service was very friendly and polite. The elevator took me to my room where I spent a couple of minutes looking for the card reader slot. I then realized that there is no slot, you simply have to flash your card in front of the plate on your door and it opens. That's pretty cool.  Once inside the room, I took a quick look around and was immediately reminded of hotel stays I've had in other locations. I saw flashes of the Mondrian (Los Angeles) with all the white on white on white hues. There were hints of The W hotel chain with all the modernistic furniture and black & white photo/art accents. As many people have said, the aesthetics of this hotel are incredibly appealing, mixing classic old school charm with very contemporary flair. As for the functionality of the rooms, we were less impressed. We quickly learned that beauty doesn't necessarily mean as much when you realize that the shower is so narrow you can hardly turn around inside of it. Once you get out of the shower, there are no robes, either. The bathrooms also have no exhaust fans (or as some refer to them "privacy fans").  I needed to iron a shirt and pulled the ironing board out of the closet with the iron. I then spent the next 7 minutes trying to figure out where to plug-in the iron in a space large enough to accommodate the ironing board. The places where outlets existed did not afford enough space for the board. I ended up pulling the ironing board into the bathroom and pressing my shirt next to the toilet. Yes. I did this. At one point, my wife and I decided to check out the Library bar next to the lobby. This is a beautiful lounge with comfy furniture, a blazing fireplace and pretty people everywhere. The waitresses were all wearing these super skin-tight black dresses with one bright silver zipper down their backs. While they all looked sexy as hell, I began to feel sorry for them the longer I watched them having to lean in and bend over repeatedly in those very tight and slightly revealing uniforms.  Need ice? You're in luck if you happen to be on the 8th or 17th floors. Otherwise, you're getting dressed and going for an elevator ride like I had to do. Granted, it was the middle of January and very dry, but our room was incredibly full of static. Everything we touched gave us a shock, including our bed linens. We resorted to turning on the shower in an effort to steam out the static at one point. Later, we realized that because our room was on the 3rd floor and immediately above the main entrance, it gets quite loud. As cabs pull in and out of the valet and drunken hordes of partygoers are coming and going at all hours of the night several honking horns and "whoohoo" noises easily came into our room after we had fallen asleep.  We decided to order the room service breakfast the next morning and it was delivered quickly in nice brown bags with the Public's branding all over them. Unfortunately, the delivery guy didn't bring us a slip to sign, so I couldn't add a tip for him. I was forced to pull out a $20 bill and ask him for change...of course, he only had $7 on him, so he got a 50% tip on delivery.  Don't get me wrong. This is a very nice hotel worthy of many accolades. Service is top notch. They spared no expense making everything beautiful to the eye. However, we experienced a few minor inconveniences in our stay that were worth noting here. I think we'd definitely consider staying here again sometime, especially considering the great rate we received $125/night to be in the Gold Coast and Old Town.
