Casing out hotels for my recent trip, I found out about the Chicago South Loop Hotel and liked the idea of an affordable boutique hotel in an up-and-coming neighborhood. Unfortunately, the South Loop Hotel has jumped the gun by about five years. New construction is happening but not in a block-by-block or district manner, but rather on random corners and lots throughout South Chicago. As a result of this, the neighborhood in which SLH resides is not very walkable and doesn't have any retail shops, cafes or anything really to speak of that SLH guests can easily access.  In order to really experience Chicago while staying here, you'll be forced to cab it. When staying at the SLH, you will do yourself a favor if you store the Chicago Carriage Cab Company's phone number in your cell phone (312-326-2221). Their depot is literally one block to the west. When calling the Carriage Cab folks, they'd arrive within five minutes and I was on my way. Based on SLH's location, McCormick Place (for conferences) and Chinatown are the biggest draws that are closest...pretty limited pickings of what Chicago has to offer. Aside from its location, SLH is also less than satisfactory. SLH doesn't promise alot of amenities on their website, but they didn't carry through on some of the things that they did state. The most annoying of these was their lack of internet access. According to their website, they have net access, but neither room or business center access existed.  Also, the walls were pretty thin, but this was tempered by the fact that not many guests were staying there. The west side of the hotel is backed up to the El and the windows did little to reduce the passing train cars' noise. Over time the El started to sound like a waterfall or a river, not the most bothersome of sounds. Even their television channel selection was poor. There are more disappointing things to mention, but the aforementioned are more than enough things to help you make an informed hotel decision. The only service that was good was their housekeeping staff. They did a lot of stuff for us that wasn't prompted and asked for, but ended up being really useful for us.  After a couple of days, we moved on to better digs. While my review may make SLH sound like the worst hotel ever, it's just that I've definitely experienced much better. If you have a conference coming up and you want to save some dollars on a bare bones hotel, this can fit your bill. I definitely would not endorse staying here on their regular price. Get a reservation on Hotwire or something similar. That way, you can live with yourself for choosing the CSLH.
