As a preface, I'm "funny" about Italian restaurants. I travel Italy often, love to cook and love to cook Italian. Authentic Italian. Until relatively recently, it was almost impossible to get good (by my standards) Italian food at a restaurant, especially in Chicago. Italian in Chicago has long meant spaghetti and meatballs, eggplant "parm" and other "southern Italian" foods. The problem is, the so-called "southern Italian" specialties found in places like Taylor Street are not really authentic for even Southern Italy.  I have to say, I was skeptical about Piccolo Sogno because I think it is, for the most part, southern or Sicilian in emphasis. I looked at the menu on line. OK, I thought, this looks pretty good, I'll give it a try. Guess what? Piccolo Sogno is good (that's saying alot from me, believe it). The pasta with veal meat sauce was really good. I make meat sauce, but it's never as good as I want it to be. This sauce was good! And, the pasta was perfectly cooked. I had the Porchetta and what a pleasant surprise that was. It's a rolled roast (the waiter said its basically the boned meat from the suckling pig) The seasoning was not overdone (I'm "sensitive" to the over-use of fennel -it was there, but it was good). They've left the skin as a part of the roast as well, so you get that flavor and chew that the skin can give, crackly and chewy as well -just a little pan sauce and some roasted potatoes -perfect. My friend had the roast duck, and that was very good, too. Again, that had some "fennel sausage" involved, but the fennel was not overdone -the subtle flavor that fennel can have, but rarely does, was present. As far as appetizers, I enjoyed the zucchini flowers -perfectly fried and light, with a perfect cheese filling. I topped everything off with fresh berries in Zabaglione -a very light Marsala wine foam. There are some minor flaws -the kitchen is a little slow, probably still getting their legs in a restaurant just a week old -but the waiter was good at making apology and explaining exactly the situation. Finally, if this is any sign, I noticed that a surprising number of diners around us were speaking Italian. I'm looking forward to going back. For one thing, they have a man making pizzas in a wood oven and I'm betting they are good. Lunch of a pizza and salad would be just the ticket. Prices, by the way, are pretty good, and the pastas are available in appetizer size portions as well, so doing the traditional appetizer, pasta and meat course is very do-able. Oh, and one, one more, more thing. The patio looks great. We didn't get to sit there, but the dining room is so open, and right next to the huge doors opening to the patio that it seemed as though the inside dining room was more an extension of the patio, so it was almost like being on the patio anyway.
