A few of my friends and I are bidding Chicago adieu, since we recently graduated college and are moving to various cities across the country. I'm moving to DC, which is a fun city but has a relatively less impressive dining scene in comparison to Chicago, which I will definitely miss. As a last fine-dining harrah, I chose for us to go to Longman & Eagle, a one Michelin star rated gastropub in Logan Square. We had a group of 5 and wanted to eat on a Saturday night without the requisite two hour wait, which are difficult requirements to fulfill. We managed to arrive at 5:30 and were immediately seated, although the restaurant definitely filled quickly soon afterwards. We all started with drinks. I asked for a recommendation for something that is refreshing but not too sweet. I can't remember the name of my drink, but I received a delicious citrusy cocktail that was exactly what I had hoped for and more. My friends each ordered a drink as well and let me try theirs, but I liked mine the most at my table. The small plates were the highlight of our meal. We had some sort of fish with quail egg (I'm terrible at remembering names of dishes, and the online menu isn't updated). The fish was perfectly cooked and went so well with the melty egg. We also got the order of softshell crab, which is breaded and deep friend, but didn't taste at all heavy. The components just went together so well, and it is among one of my favorite recent dishes. There was a consensus that the meal went downhill from there however. I ordered the sweet corn risotto off the vegetarian menu since I didn't feel like having too much meat that day. It was very average and my friends said that I kind of asked for it by ordering from the vegetarian menu, but at the same time, I've been to other restaurants for vegetarian dishes that were stellar. This just didn't feel like it had anything interesting going on. One of my friends ordered the pig's head, which has a huge slab of pork sitting on a bed of risotto, and her risotto portion tasted much better than my dish for some odd reason. Other main dishes ordered at our table were the burger (decent burger but a burger nonetheless), scallops (also pretty good), and the house special of the day, which was coca-cola braised brisket. My friend ordered it on recommendation of the waiter, but this was the worst received by our table. Literally half of each piece of meat was fat, and the other half was still fatty to the point of almost slimy. The braise was not good and just made the meat taste strange. One friend tried a piece and spit it out because she thought it was disgusting, and my friend who ordered it just sat there, poking it and looking sad for the rest of the night. If I had his dish, my rating would've been lower. The meal went uphill again for dessert. We shared the cornbread churros (?), which tasted like cream puffs, as well as the trifle. Both were good but not stellar, but the desserts helped end our meal on a more positive note. Overall, I really appreciate the atmosphere of the restaurant. It felt very fun and had an extremely extensive beer selection, plus the service was top notch. However, because of our mediocre main dishes, I'm unable to give this restaurant a higher rating. It was still definitely an entertaining and memorable dining experience.
