Another day, another celebrity chef's restaurant. I recently ventured over to Mercat a la Planxa with 3 others for my birthday, so I knew I would have the opportunity to try a lot of food. FOOD: Tomato bread for the table: basically like pico de gallo on top of buttery bread. Delicious and light, only the ends of it seemed to be at all greasy. Great way to start. I loved this so much. Pulpo con patatas: I love mollusks, they taste delicious. This dish had a lot of paprika in it, with some acid from what I would assume is lemon juice, which together combined for great flavor. I don't know if the potatoes really added anything as the dish itself wasn't very strongly flavored, and not at all salty. However, the octopus was awesome, and would strongly recommend this to anyone. Bacon wrapped dates: My friend told me a few different time about these dates - I'm not sure if it was because she didn't remember telling me about them, or if she just loved them so much. Well, it was probably the latter because these things were my favorite dish of the night. It was a classic sweet + savory combination that worked so well. Get these. Truita de patata: I was surprised at how much I liked this dish - very creamy, well seasoned, and not a lot of saltiness. All good things. I'm glad Chef Garces went with a goat cheese for this one - the subtle and soft flavor went really well with the creamy lentils. Albondigas de venera (scallop and shrimp meatballs): Some might not agree with mushing up scallops and shrimp into ball form, but I think it was genius. I like meat balls, I like seafood, I like this dish. Like scallopballs (not to be confused with scallop testes) with chunks of shrimp in it, if that makes sense. Serrano ham and fig salad: an't go to a Spanish restaurant without getting some of that jamon, right? The jamon de Iberico de bellato (or something like that, basically Iberico pork-belly ham) was a bit much on el dinero side, but we got this ham and fig salad based on a recommendation from a friend. Very good, although I didn't taste much fig until I went digging around looking for it. Serrano ham was delicious, albeit extraordinarily salty. I guess I'm more used to the more subtle flavor of proscuitto. Pinxtos muranos (lamb brochettes wrapped in bacon): Well, this was good. But bacon wrapped anything is good. One point here is that I didn't get much of a lamb taste. I hope this wasn't due to being two pitchers of sangria deep, but I felt like the lamb was overpowered by the bacon + sauce. Sauce was sweet btw. Paella valenciana (chicken & chorizo paella w/artichoke and tomato salad): I love paella. I usually like rice dishes. Good flavors (chorizo in here was great), but the chicken was pretty bland on its own. Probably a good thing considering that my salt sensing 'buds were in overdrive. I prefer paella del mar (I think I can speak el espanol, I really can't though), and I actually prefer Cafe Babareeba's paella to this one. However, I (we) was (were) really full at this point, so maybe that impacted what I tasted. DESSERT: Croquettes de xocolate (chocolate and caramel filled croquettes): So good. Deep fried balls filled with chocolate and caramel? YEA GIMME. Shove one of these with the banana cream into your fat face and wait for a gush of awesomeness and sweetness. There were 6 croquettes and 4 of us, I decided to grab two. Someone else was smart enough to grab the last one. SERVICE: Fast, friendly, and very helpful with recommendations. They also weren't very intrusive, but were around whenever one of us needed a refill or we needed some more sangria. Our server was also very personable and just fun. VALUE/OVERALL: I think that for a tapas place owned by an Iron Chef, Mercat is a pretty good overall value. It's more expensive than some of the other tapas places in the city, but not by much. Alot of it could be the inherently more expensive ingredients used in Chef Garces' menu. Overall, this was a great dinner. I'll definitely be back, if for nothing else but to get my hands on those dates again.
