Overall, nice room but with some quirks. I checked in to this hotel for a 8 night stay. When I got to the front desk, they didn't have my reservation. Great. Luckily, I had my Expedia confirmation page and everything was squared away. My room was on the 6th floor and had a view of nothing great, just the nearby neighborhood of condos and Rush St. below. The room was pretty spacious. It had a decent size closet, king size bed, desk, dresser with TV on top, mini bar, and a lounge chair with an ottoman. Closet had an extra pillow, lots of hangers, and laundry bags. The bathroom was very nice. It had 1 sink, a toilet (yes, obvious), a shower, and a separate bath tub. They had a lot of towels in there and also a terry cloth robe for use. There was also shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, body lotion, and 2 different bars of soap (one was aloe and the other was oatmeal I think). The maid was always good about replenishing the supply of bath goodies everyday. I liked that. They also had a hair drier for guest use. Wi-fi is not free and there is a daily rate. However, you can get free internet just by signing up as a member of the Sutton Hotel hotels. Signing up to be a member is free and you can do this on their website. When I was setting up my laptop, I called down to the front desk and told them I had a membership and they gave me the code for the Wi-fi. Pretty simple. Maid service was great here. They always did my room in a timely manner, did the bed, put fresh towels, and refilled on the bath goodies. Fantastic! So with the above, I would have given this place 4 stars but not everything was that great. I had a huge issue with the bedding. The bedding consisted of 4 huge pillows (awesome), a mattress cover, and a thin comforter. Where were the rest of the sheets? During my stay, Chicago was in the 40's to the 50's at night, and I had a hard time sleeping because I was freezing my ass off. I had to get up and turn the heat up to 77 just to get comfortable enough to sleep. Another issue was the Wi-fi. It was very weak. I couldn't even load two pages simultaneously. Annoying. The shower in the bathroom was also an issue in that it leaked water. I'm not even sure from where it leaked, however the first time I used it and I got out, there was water that ran all over the floor and then on to the carpet at the bathroom doorway. From the stain on the carpet outside the bathroom door, I could see that I wasn't the first guest that had this issue. I used the shower only once because of this and just stuck to baths (which isn't bad) the rest of my stay. Location was pretty good. It was in between 2 Red line stations so it was easy to get on the L and go around the city. It's also fairly close to the John Hancock Observatory and the shops on Michigan Ave. Overall, it was a good value when booking through Expedia in advance. Can't say I would stay here again though.
