OK. Not spectacular, but it could have been. The skinny is this: pizza not hot in the middle, slow, slow, slow, slow, and mediocre service. If the pizza had been hot they would get four stars, or maybe even five. I find it easy to overlook service flaws for great food. My girl and I were visiting from Cleveland and deepish pizza was on our to-do list for the weekend. We found Giordano's here on yelp and were impressed with the reviews. We expected it to be busy and it was. Packed. We walked in around 9 and they said it would be an hour to an hour fifteen to sit. The host guy said something about pre-ordering the pizza, but we weren't in a hurry and the menu said they only take 35 minutes. So we thought we would enjoy a drink and wait for the pizza to bake. Boy, were we ever wrong. When we finally got seated and asked for the pizza the server told us it would be ANOTHER HOUR AND FIFTEEN minutes before the pizza would be out. ...but ...but ...but the menu says 35 minutes. OK, we'll chalk it up as a rookie mistake. No problem, we're still not in a hurry and we waited this long. We REALLY want our deep dish pizza now! So we order zucchini sticks while we wait and they are awesome. They came out super hot and crunchy. ...waiting ...waiting ...waiting ...and FINALLY our pizza arrives. YAY! WE'RE STARVING. First bite... it's not hot. It's not cold, but it's not hot. It does not seem at all like this thing is fresh out of the oven. They didn't bake the thing long enough. So we ask them to put it back in and it comes back out STILL NOT HOT INSIDE. Oh well. It tasted good, but was not at all what it should have been. Sad. Finally, they're getting ready to close around us. Sweeping and everything. BTW, couldn't they clean some other part of the restaurant that was not right next to our table? Anyway, despite the fact that the place is shutting down, we can't find our server to get the check and get out. 3 hours, 6 beers, several chochy employees, one great appetizer, one OK pizza, and about $75 later we were on our way back to the hotel. I doubt we'll be back.
