Let me preface this review: for the food I ate, and the service I got, this place would get 5 stars but for the fatal errors I observed by the hot line seafood chef in their open kitchen over the course of my meal. The owners/managers should only be happy I ate nothing from her station, because it would not have been a pretty sight. Unlike Kevin A's review where he was served uncooked chicken, I would suppose that out of sight = out of mind for the average diner. Unfortunately, this was not out of sight. Within a 45 minute span while I was having dinner, I watched this chef 1. Take her spoon, dip it into the saute pan, taste whatever was in it, then immediately proceed to use the spoon to serve the contents of the pan into a dish and send it out to a customer, thus contaminating the dish. 2. Pick up a bowl and inspect it for cleanliness, and, finding it less than satisfactorily clean for her, proceed to blow on it, then use her side towel to wipe it out before proceeding to serve into it and send it out to a customer, thus contaminating the dish. 3. A basic repeat of #1, except instead of stirring in the pan after tasting, she only tasted, then knocked the spoon against the pan a couple of times to return whatever hadn't been tasted into it, thus contaminating the dish. As if this weren't bad enough, during this time, I saw her either sniffling into the sleeve of her chef coat, coughing into it, or wiping something from her nose into it at least 4 times. THIS IS GROSS, and should not be tolerated, regardless of the chef's talent. In San Francisco she would not survive a full shift in any restaurant. Now that I've ranted, I have to say the food and service justify the great reviews otherwise. If this were a closed kitchen, they would've gotten my 5 star review and I would have been none the wiser. I only hope that no one who had hot seafood there tonight reads this review. Sorry to have ruined your meal in hindsight otherwise.  I had the pork belly, sweetbreads, beets and lamb saddle, and all were truly delightful. I wish I could've spent the entire review singing their praises, but alas, eater beware!
