High end concepts are a dangerous balance, treading quality product against inaccessible pretension. On one teeter, there's becoming too complex for patrons to absorb, sort of like a five-star restaurant that wraps their meals in newspaper articles documenting Rwanda's genocide--because that *really* transcends a dish into delicacy. On the totter, there's dumbing down the product in the way mass consumption destroys intimacy. Having to look over to your date in the little black dress to ask her, "Do you want chips with that Extra Special Value Meal Bucket #6?" sounds like a date at Denny's--and that's a total mood killer. By hitting class without overdoing it, The Violet Hour manages to strike a careful balance between style and substance that maintains a refreshing amount of integrity. There's an obvious speakeasy theme, with the discreet, sign-less entrance (when the place first opened, I seriously thought it was just having private parties), perfectly pitched period music, 1920s-style vintage decor, and a staff dressed to the part. Its quiet intimacy can be ominous, so note that it's geared more towards low key formal ventures than a 21st birthday barf-a-thon. The cocktails were a variety of rum, brandy, tequila, vodka, and gin drinks, each spelled out with creative ingredients that hark back to the good ol' days--like egg whites. A small beer selection, wines, and a few champagnes round out the drink menu. Fancy appetizers and fancier sandwiches are offered. Everything comes in neat tableware that you want to slip into her purse when no one's looking. Unlike some of the other reviewers, we had no problems with the service. We hit the waitress at a shift change, and both were attentive and polite. Our second round was going to take awhile due to the drink backup, so she brought us complimentary glasses of sparkling wine. There was no line upon our arrival and were seated immediately, but perhaps we took the bar's title literally: "At the violet hour, when the eyes and back Turn upward from the desk, when the human engine waits... At the violet hour, the evening hour that strives Homeward, and brings the sailor home from sea" --T.S. Eliot, "The Wasteland" Overall, I was waiting for a moment where the concept just went too far, and it never came. Happily disappointed, I settled back into my towering chair, picked up a perfectly crafted cocktail, and just admired the discipline of it all.
