I know, I'd generally reserve five stars for only the rarest gem of a restaurant. But you know what? Simply It deserves it. Each time I have eaten here, it has been a joy. Collectively, we've probably tried close to a dozen different menu items at this point - and while some really stand out more than others - we have NEVER been disappointed. The menu is traditional yet innovative - a breath of fresh air from the run of the mill pho joints around town. The raw ingredients are quality, the preparation clean and tasty. The BYOB policy with no corkage fee makes Simply It a fantastic value too, especially since the menu is so reasonably priced as it is.  The atmosphere and crowd are vibrant, making this place feel festive on weeknights as much as on weekends. The staff has always been very kind and helpful. One server in particular is dynamite. She is so informative about the menu items and each particular dish; how each is best eaten, what accompanies it best.... You could truly see her pride in her heritage, and cuisine, and it's just contagious. Each recommendation was spot on. All the elements are there: the food, the value, the atmosphere, the service, the location - but what I like perhaps most about Simply It, are the little touches and care shown by the owner/manager. I don't know his name, but he is there each and every time I've gone - going out of his way to please his customers. He is probably the hardest working man I've seen, and will bus tables himself just so a couple won't have to wait one minute more than they have to for a table. He smiles genuinely, and if he's out front, makes sure to shake your hand and thank you profusely upon leaving. On a busy night with a wait, he provides complimentary spring rolls and water - or whatever else you'd like to drink - and can't be more accommodating or apologetic for the fact that "you had to wait so long to be seated."  I tell you, I'd love this place on its own, but the owner and staff add the personal touch and warmth that elevates this restaurant to a whole other level. As a customer, you feel like you matter and are never taken for granted. That's how it should be, how it used to be. How often do we, as patrons, forget that and accept less?
