Go to Chicago, eat deep-dish, hot beef and get a hot dog. Where should we go? Well, everyone goes to Hot Doug's because they are the best around. In fact, you'll have to wait in line for 2 and a half hours to experience the very best, and let me tell you, it's worth it.That's what I thought, before I went to Hot Doug's. After waiting in line, eating the dogs, I wasn't thrilled, or hungry, though I was disturbed by the amount of time I wasted in line. Had I experienced the hype?After research I found that yes, the hype which surrounds this establishment is in fact, the experience of eating the hot dog or hot dogs, then having to lie to yourself to reconcile the fact you wasted two plus hours waiting for that which you just ate. Then you lie to other people, to get back at the world, to prolong the lie, to make others feel your pain, so that when you meet those others (and they are out there. Just look at all the liars who posted five star reviews [including me], even Anthony Bourdain had no reservations about lying to America), you both know what you went through. You don't share your story, because no one wants to ever speak of what Hot Doug's actually did to them. Its that look of shame, the bowing of the head, then the smile, knowing that you both continue the lie, every day, telling as many people as you can to go to Hot Doug's, the best hot dog you'll ever eat. Because after having your hot doug experience, the only thing that can help you sleep at night is the joy you take at knowing others will feel more disappointed than you. This monster will never stop. It's not supposed to. From its beginning, Hot Doug's never told the truth. Immediately upon opening there was a line created by the theory that they should serve only the amount of seats in the store. People, walking and in cabs, immediately noticed the line and said whats going on here, there's gotta be some good hot dog's. I trust a store with such a catchy name and a long line. Little did they know how much they were going to suffer. And yet, as these original inquisiters stood in line, more and more stood behind them. Day after day, people began remembering seeing the line, or hearing from bus drivers and cabbies about how good the hot dogs must be at Hot Doug's with a line that long. But it never was the hot dogs, its not about the hot dogs. Its all about the lie. It was always about the lie.So go ahead, read the other reviews, sure you'll see five stars, and others will probably say that I'm lying. But remember, that's what they want you to think. And honestly, they're telling the truth, because no one wants to remember. We, the survivors of hot doug's, don't want this to stop, because we can never get back those two hours, or what the experience of Hot Dougs did to us. The only solace is knowing that you won't believe me, until you take that first bite. But then its too late. And you'll have to tell some other joe off the street, that when they head to Chicago, they need to eat Deep dish, hot beef, and stand in line at Hot Dougs for two hours, because its worth the wait.
