I'm torn between giving this a 3 or 4 star rating, I feel like I can't give this place a fair shake since I haven't tried enough of the food on their menu but since this was my first time dining at this establishment I'm going to give it the benefit of the doubt.  I went stag, arriving at half past six on a Wednesday, the place was pretty crowded but they were able to squeeze me into one of their smaller tables after just a few minutes. Like many Chinese restaurants, I was absolutely flabbergasted by the amount of choices on the menu! I decided to play it safe since I tend to have bad experiences at Chinese restaurants when trying to be adventurous, so I ordered the Mongolian Beef Tenderloin. I tried asking my waitress for advice on ordering an appetizer but she had difficulty understanding me. I think I was finally able to get my point across by using hand / pointing gestures to which she responded, "Pot Stickers or Crab Rangoon." I'm not crazy about either but I took her advice and ordered the Crab Rangoon. While I waited I sipped on their hot tea and munched on their spicy cabbage appetizer (both complimentary). The hot tea didn't seem noticeably different from the tea I've had at countless other places but not bad. I really enjoyed the spicy cabbage though, it was just the right crispness and the sauce really gave it a good flavor. The Crab Rangoon and the Mongolian Beef arrived at the same time but the rice was not yet ready so they served me yet another plate of spicy cabbage. The Crab Rangoon seemed to have a more generous share of meat but as far as taste I could tell little difference from other restaurants, next time I'll try the pot stickers. The Mongolian Beef was quite good. I thought the sauce had a flavor very similar to the plum sauce that is typically served with duck in Chinese cuisine, but it wasn't as strong and didn't have a strange after taste that I had been accustomed to. After having eaten 4 Crab Rangoons and two plates of spicy cabbage I was feeling a bit full so I took a significant share of it home. Overall the service was quite good given how busy the place was, I think my only complaint would be that it took a few passes before one of the waitresses asked if I had been waited on. I will definitely be coming back here to try other dishes on their extensive menu.
