Since i got word that Sun Wah reopened - I wanted to go and I finally got my chance on Sunday for lunch. We arrived around 1pm w/ a party of 4 adults and 2 kids. You would think that w/ that many people - the host would place us in a good size table. Nope - we sat at a standard 4 seater towards the bathroom. Not exactly sure why they did that since there were 4 open round tables. We were waited on pretty quickly - so we put in our order for the Peking Duck, BBQ Pork, roast pork, and broccoli and shrimp. Both pork dishes came rather quickly, then the shrimp. The BBQ pork was very tasty, and lean, but a little too lean for my liking. The roast pork was prefect - it came out warm - with just enough fat and skin that it complimented the meat. The broccoli shrimp was stir fried w/ garlic and was prefect for the kids that loved shrimp and broccoli. Then we waited for the duck, and waited. When we noticed that another table that sat down after us got their duck, at that point my mom lost it and went straight to the front. What had happened was that the waiter forgot about it. When the duck did finally arrive - it was absolutely delicious. The skin was crispy, and not dried out. While they don't do the pancakes, they do have little dinner rolls (anyone that has Peking Duck @ BBQ King in Chinatown will know what I'm talking about) - which my 1 year old devoured. The soup that comes w/ the duck was sweet and the family really liked the hint of cilantro. The last duck dish was the remaining meat was used to make a chow men, which was also very good. Before we were ready to go, we also ordered carry out. Needless to say, we waited and waited... then mom had to run up front again. The next thing we see - the waitress running into the kitchen. They forgot again. From what we were told - they have yet to set up the computer system, so everything was done by hand. For all those who has been to the old location knows exactly how small the place was. The new location is very large in comparison and open. While the place doesn't have much of a decor - it's VERY modern looking - exposed ducts and bricks walls gives the place a very chic feel w/out a pretentious meal or price. Food: rated - fresh, and cooked to perfection. Lets hope they can keep it up. Service: Horrible - but working on it. Like I said before, the previous space was small - you couldn't have 2 waiters working at the same time w/out stepping on each other. I believe that part of the problem is that they're not use to the space yet - it is just too big and they're just under staffed. I also believe that because were seated toward the back of the restaurant - we were forgotten. I actually saw a table get up and leave because the waiters ignored them for 10 minutes. Ill ask to be seated closer to the front next time. I'll be back in a couple of weeks to see if there are any improvements - hopefully their computers will be up by then, and the staff is more familiar w/ the floor layout.
