Been thinking of how to put this review all together...bear with me if I ramble. I am a neophyte FFF (fine food fan), but I'll tell you what, I DESPISE getting killed for wine/booze on a restaurant bill. The markups are ridiculous. I understand that this is generally how restaurants make their nut, but there has to be a line in the sand that declares, "We are in the FOOD business." Schwa runs with the ball and more here. (Eh, I'll get back to it. Anyway...) Location and Space - Schwa is across from this monolithic tire store that looks like it was transplanted from Miami to Ashland Avenue. It looks like Dexter Morgan was buying Cubano sandwiches there. There's all kind of talk that Schwa is hard to find, so trust me... just look across the street from this garish display and you can't miss it. The place has 24 seats spaced well, with music bumpin'/pumpin' from 2 speakers left and right. Music was nice, different and quite groovy - a mix of techno, rap, hip-hop, etc. and surprisingly non-intrusive. The room is low-lit, but well lit. The washroom is accessed through the kitchen, so can you get a peek at the chefs' workspace. The very first thing I noticed was one of the cooks making a huge pot of oatmeal with a HUGE wooden spoon. I thought that was very amusing. My lovely date said they have wicked juniper soap and hand cream in the WC. Reservations - We grabbed a reservation for Feb. 13th. The reservation system? We had no problem with it. Frankly, the phone call back is a nice surprise, and we also received a call the day before to confirm. Just casual, laid back, and A-OK by us. Other Yelpers have had slightly different experiences but ours went without a hitch. BYOB - Sat down and met one of our chefs/waiters/busboys, and they took our drinks into the back. (Sorry it took a bit to get back to the booze comments.). We brought a good Riesling, great champagne and a 4 pack of Trappist ale. We were ready, I guess. If you ask for their wine and beer recommendations, they'll basically just encourage you to bring whatever you enjoy and they'll pair it with their creations as best they can. No stems or flutes here - everything is served out of sturdy tumblers. Remember, they are in the FOOD business. When we asked about wine glasses, our chef/waiter joked, "If we had them, we'd just break them." You are free to bring your own, but we kind of enjoyed doing it the Schwa way. Chefs/waiters/busboys - Now if you read/knew about this facet of Schwa, you might wonder, "How do these guys take care of it all?" They do it with overall ass-busting hustle. One of the chefs had their eye on us, while another chef presented and explained the dish. They work as a team to get every dish not just right, but PERFECT. Everyone knew every detail of each dish. Listen to them, because you are going to have combinations of food you definitely won't have in any Chicago eatery. And last, but certainly not least, the FOOD - We had nothing less than an at-least very good dish in our 11- course degustation menu ($110). With wine/beer ($49), this is truly the best restaurant I have eaten at dollar-for-dollar. I'm sure the 3 course meal ($55) is fine too, but it will just leave you wanting more, and you'll miss getting to stick around and watch these guys work as well as watch the other customers' happy faces for 3+ hours. Our faves? 1a. quail egg ravioli 1b. apple pie soup 2a. crab 2b. tiger fish 3. tagliatelle Runners-up include a solo little pretzel nugget filled with cheese soaked in Chimay ale, and biscuits and gravy with the cool little miniature biscuits we've ever seen. I ranked the courses as: "Dadgummit, this is some of the wonderfully best tasting substances in the whole universe. I really wish someone would let me sit alone in a mahogany and leather chair enjoying and consuming this until I become a sad documentary on The Science Channel." To: "If I had any foresight, I would have learned to make food like this so that I could become truly happy in my life." I could try to give details of the flavors and ingredients, but the boys in the back know better than I. They will explain and answer any questions you might have. And be sure to take in the wonderful aromas wafting from your plate before taking your first bite. Get to Schwa, and be quick about it! Brilliance is on the stove and cookin'! Seriously, the crew in the kitchen is making groundbreaking stuff. Don't miss it. Us? We'll be back in two beats of a veal heart's ventricle. PS. - Hey Schwa, thanks for letting me know about my lost debit card. Maybe the card wanted to hang around for the oatmeal/raisin oyster shooter "amuse" (first course). God knows I wanted to when I stopped by to grab my plastic.
