okay, calo, you are good, but you are not THAT good. look, the food is tasty. if the service didn't SUCK beyond belief, i would give it 3.5 stars. however... i've now been to calo four times. (my fianc loves it; we usually go for his birthday.) i've made reservations four times. and each of those four times, i've had to wait and wait and wait to actually be seated. ughh. this weekend was birthday weekend. since my fianc's last birthday, we have moved from chicago to naperville, but we had other plans in the city so calo was a convenient (so we thought) choice. we were going to a show after dinner (at 10 pm) and i foolishly assumed that 1 hour and 45 minutes from our reservation time would be enough to be seated, order, eat and go. i was so wrong. at 8:30, they finally seated us. at 8:45, they took our order. at 8:55, they informed us that the shrimp we had ordered took 10 minutes extra to cook (i wish they had mentioned this when we ordered). the only person who offered me a drink refill throughout the entire meal was the manager, and this was at about 9:25, when we got our food and asked if we could have the check right now so we could leave as soon as we finished eating. we scarfed our food down in 20 minutes (the food was tasty but not very memorable, especially given the limited time we had to savor it; i had gnochhi with gorgonzola; fianc had chicken saltimbocca- the portions are HUGE, by the way!) and were out the door. it kind of sucked that we had to spend a nice birthday dinner panicking about whether or not we were going to make it to our show on time. (we did, with a couple of minutes to spare.) the service was polite but very inattentive; it took forever to get anything. my advice, if you plan to eat here, is to allot plenty of time because it gets very very very busy. oh, and avoid sitting by the band area... stress, long wait time and lousy service aside, the "live music" was the absolute worst part of the meal! think greasy 45-year-old-man playing cheesy keyboard versions of pop songs (like "i wanna be a billionaire," seriously) with a young female singer as his accompaniment. it was HORRENDOUS!
