Having worked at the Ritz Carlton during my younger days, I'm somewhat of a hotel snob. When you're used to providing exemplary service, you kind of expect it when you stay in a hotel right? I don't mean to be a snob but this is one industry where customer service is everything. You're leaving your home to sleep and eat somewhere else. You should feel like you're staying in a second home. My family and I took a family vacation to Chicago to bury my Grandma's ashes and do some sightseeing while we were there. My Mom booked this hotel from Priceline so I was skerred all the way there. I'd never seen the PH so I was skeptical at best. They were doing some work on the front of the hotel and it was a mess but they were very careful not to inconvenience the guests which was much appreciated. Nothing is worse than fearing for your life by entering a door. (It came out beautiful by the way). When we arrived, we were given a key to my Mom & sisters room and another key to mine and my brother's room. My room was SO small and on a different floor than my Mom's room so I asked if they could move us. Good thing! We got a room that was twice as big and had a better view. You could have put another 4 beds in that room and it wasn't considered a suite. Sweet for us! The lobby is amazing and gives you that feeling of old-world Chicago. It was like getting in a time machine but not in a bad way. Everything was well maintained and all the employees made us feel like they were honored we were there. We even got a nice note from the front desk worker a few hours after we checked in. The hotel bar is a little pricey and stuffy so we opted for the dive bar next door with all the pictures on the wall. Help me out with the name here people, I loved that place. It was literally next door from the entrance that faces the El. I was worried about the location of this place but we managed to walk everywhere we needed to go. It was really nice having Corner Bakery on the corner too, they have great breakfasts. Didn't try the breakfast in the hotel because we were usually in a hurry to go on an adventure. I guess the only reason why I can't give them 5*s is because I'm still and always be a hotel snob. You're going to have to ramp it up to mimic the Four Seasons or Ritz for me to max it out. I did love this place though, I'd recommend it for people staying in Chicago & not wanting to spend a billion dollars on a place to stay.
