TLDR Version: Awesome food, excellent service. It's a bit pricey for "mexican food," not enough to ruin your budget, but the food is far from your normal mexican food and well worth the price. I finally made my way to Chicago and told my friend, "there's some pretty good mexican food in chicago, or so I've heard." Needless to say he was pretty skeptical, but apparently he LOVES tortas. I was all too excited to stop by XOCO, especially knowing that this joint was started up by Rick Bayless. The restaurant system as a whole is a different but it works out VERY well and the host that approached as we walked through there door was fantastic. You'll walk in the place, get greeted by the host and be told to wait in line to place your order. Once this is done he'll assign and escort you to a table. When I say this guy was fantastic, it means his memory and attention to detail and his service was top notch. The service isn't on the same level as a fine dining establishment, but neither is the price so don't expect it.  Of course the most important aspect of yelp is the food. XOCO specializes in tortas and mexican soups: Pork Belly Vermicelli: This was a little odd for me. I felt like this was Mexican version of Vietnamese Pho. The pork belly was extremely crispy, even after soaking in the south for a fair amount of time. The broth was smokey and with some spice, the taste for me was very familiar but I just couldn't find the right taste to describe it. The noodles were very thin and there wasn't that much in my soup. Overall, I was expecting something else but this soup was very good a solid 3.5 to 4 stars. Milanesa: I opted for the Milanese because I already got pork in my soup, so let's try the Chicken. This torta was absolutely perfect. It was a grilled torta, so it really felt a lot like a panini especially with the cheesey nature of the sandwich. The chicken was tender, very juicy and cooked to perfection. The green chili based (I'm taking a guess on this) was a great compliment to the torta. 5 Stars. Churros w/ Chocolate Dipping Sauce: A churro is a churro. It tasted like a churro and felt like a churro, although I did feel like it was a little lighter, meaning not as dense, as most other churros I've had. It was tasty and to be honest I could pass on the Chocolate Dipping sauce. The chocolate was just a more bitter than I like my chocolate, not as bitter as a dark chocolate though. 4 Stars. Overall my experience at XOCO was wonderful. The kitchen is very busy, and you can see it too. We went in at around 3pm so there wasn't a big wait and our food got out quickly. In my opinion, this is a must try place when you're in Chicago. I'm looking forward to my next visit to Chicago, in which I will be back here. WARNING: The restaurant is a bit cramped as there only seating for 40.
