Fantastic. I don't eat steak and I can still say that. I came here tonight with my family for a holiday dinner (since we are only all in the same area a couple times a year nowadays) and I have not one real complaint.  Nice bread basket to start with, and a good drink menu - wine glasses were reasonably priced (sister and I had different whites for $7 each, not too bad) and they had some tasty sounding martinis. I had a sip of the banana concoction my mom ordered as well as the "merchandise martini" my dad ordered (he's a sucker for silly-named drinks apparently)- seemed pretty strong, which it better be at $9.50! The bruschetta appetizer is a bit small- 3 pieces, so keep that in mind if everyone in your party wants to share. Wish they had warned us about that when we ordered it. We also ordered the fries and mashed potatoes as sides for the table- both were good, but with how filling the entrees were, I'm afraid I was too stuffed to care. Apparently the steaks were awesome- my brother inhaled his prime rib in a matter of what could not have been more than 10 minutes, and the rest of the family was not far behind (two got prime rib, two got filets, and everyone seemed very happy). I ordered a chicken dish with a lemon, white wine and butter sauce, which came with rice, and it was very very good- melt in your mouth good! A little on the salty side so if salty is not your thing, then I would advise staying away from this one but there were lots of non-steak options to try. Our waiter was very attentive (but not in your face, he showed up with perfect timing it seemed) and knowledgable (they bring out samples of the different cuts of steak so you can get a good picture of each), and oddly the restaurant was not at all crowded- I made a reservation for 5 people at 6:30 but we showed up very early and were seated immediately anyway, and could have easily gotten there at 7 or later and had no problem. Very strange when a few other places I had thought to go were booked up (Scoozi and Adobo Grill). Granted this was a Wednesday night, but still, when other restaurants are filled to the brim, I was very surprised this wasn't. They have very cozy booths for larger groups and the whole restaurant has a very warm and welcoming feel to it, almost like a home dining room. I would highly recommend checking this place out for a very solid dining experience, even if you are not a steak fan!
