I went here on a Sat. night to celebrate my b-day & invited my friends. Totally a bad choice for the night! The waitress pounded on my friends & I to order more drinks before we could conversate, taste & enjoy the first drink ordered. The waitresses quoted some of the individuals from my party a higher price than what the drink price was. She waited on a table behind us & quoted that party lower prices (we know because we asked them). The waitress avoided us the rest of the night. She was partial to the opposite side of the room of my party. When we DID order appetizers wings, from another waitress we chased, they were served to us un-cooked and red on the inside. We attempted to speak to the owner to get these issues resolved. The owners (Scott & Greg) were not friendly, very disrespectful and used derrogatory, inappropriate tones & languages to me and my party while there. They were walking around the bar very unprofessional getting wasted themselves. A few others from my party who were meeting me there told me the 50/50 staff told them at the door that there was no more room in the bar for them to come in... but we watched several other people (obviously not of the same race as me & my party) enter the bar after them. When I discussed this to the owner (Scott) he replied with a flushed red face & slurred speech " Well, if you don't like it here, u can leave and proceeded to remove my balloons in my area I had reserved." I really wished I would've known that before I patronized his business. I didn't know racism still exist. I couldn't believe my party was treated this way. The tvs were extremely loud & they kept the sports channel on majority of the night. (1 hr. before closing). I agree with (yelper Becky W.) "If you are a sports bar, embrace it, but don't ruin a good atmosphere with tvs!" People like to come out , dance & hear music too. The 50/50 doesn't want to be known as a "Sports Bar" so why do you have wrestling matches & boxing fights playing on surround sound & tv's throughout your bar (for hours & hours). When do you play music to cater to the rest of your customers? I was told a variety of hip hop is played on Sat. nights. The music there sucks...didn't even play 1 current song from today's top 10 list! I thought this place had potential to be really nice...but I was wrong! I didn't know the Fifty/50 only catered to certain people? Then when one of your customers have a complaint you tell them they can leave! Wow good business! Way to handle your unsatisfied customers!  Is swearing across the bar at customers and downing shots in your business professional?! I did NOT have a pleasant experience, I was far from impressed and the bar failed to accomodate my party in a business-like manner. I will never return to this place or recommend this place to anyone after they ruined a special day for me! The staff here obviously displayed discrimination with me & my party. I don't know why...yes we were of a different race from majority of the crowd but our money is still green like anyone else's!
