We had one last Bonsoiree Groupon that expires at the end of the month. Yikes! Better hurry up and use it. Better use it tonight! We arrived for our 5:00PM early bird senior citizen reservation and were sat at a table near the door. I'm pretty sure this was the first time I have ever sat in the dining room. I love dining al fresco on their patio! Then again when it's 15 degrees outside, I suspect the patio wouldn't be all too comfortable. The interior space is minimal, but comfortable. It's apparent that Boinsoiree's focus is what's on the plate and that's quite all right by me. On Sunday's Bonsoiree does a four and seven course "no menu" tasting menu. We opted for the four ($45). The first course was shell fish bisque with braised rabbit ravioli. The bisque itself was packed with flavor and surprising amount of heat. The ravioli filling would have made Roger Rabbit want to eat himself. It was rich and beautiful. The only problem is that there weren't more of them. The plate was garnished with sumac and some really yum-alicious caramel popcorn. The second course was a mixed green salad with anchovies, cured salmon, beets, pickled rutabaga and a sweet-ish dressing. It was well balanced and tasty. It wasn't a homerun, but a solid line drive in the gap. To keep up with the baseball references, the third course was a no doubt 450 foot bomb over the center field fence. It featured braised lamb shoulder, lamb sausage and lamb tenderloin with potato confit and melted leeks. Each bite of lamb was better than the one before. Well seasoned, well balanced and just perfect for a cold winter night. This dish was a beautiful fusion of heart y comfort food and sophisticated flavors. To finish the evening we were served a raisin bread pudding with chocolate, hazelnuts and raspberries.  The service at Bonsoiree has always been excellent and this evening was no different. We've had the pleasure of dining with Patric before and he's the best. He's knowledgeable, super charismatic and makes you feel comfortable. For the money, I'm not sure you can get a comparable meal with this level of service anywhere else in the city. The next time we go back it will be for the thirteen course menu. Can't wait.
