The bottom line is that the quality/quantity to price ratio is just not good enough. I am 50 years old, a physician, travel a lot, and dine out often. I went to TRU Saturday night with my wife. I was very disappointed.  There is no bar. You are seated in a sterile entry way and served drinks while you wait for your table. A Johnny Walker Black cost $19. I can get this same drink any place else for $12 or less, and the pour was small. The dining room reminded me of a banquet hall with few decorations. A large open room split in two by a long table used for some of the decorations. The menu had limited items. There was a fixed 9 course meal for approximately $200, a fixed 6 course meal for $145, and a non fixed three course meal for $95. You had the choice to have the fixed course meals served with wine pairings. For the 6 course meal the wine pairing was $75. This consisted of a 1.5 oz serving with each course. That's 9 oz of wine or the equivalent of one glass plus 1 oz.  I choose the 3 course meal. I started with the duck consomme' which consisted of beef broth with a few pieces of foie gras. There were 3 pieces of foie gras each smaller than a sugar cube and the broth tasted like Campbell's soup. Next came my main course which was the rabbit. There were approximately 5 pieces of meat that were small and looked like pressed meat. They were tasteless. They were served with a mix of vegetables drizzled with a bland sauce. The desert was an apple tart that reminded me of a donut served with some homemade ice cream the size of a thimble. The ice cream was icy. My wife's dinner was about the same quality and quantity although I remember her skate appetizer to be pretty good. With dinner we each had a glass of wine that cost $13 each and tasted like grape juice. I wouldn't serve that wine at a work party. The only reason I am not giving this a one star was because the wait staff was very good. The were nice and very attentive. Also, in between the courses and after the desert we were served small bites of sorbet and some chocolates that were pretty tasty. My impressions is that the chef is arrogant and it makes him feel good when he can charge so much and provide so little. I won't go back.
