First time I ever went here was when i first moved here from cali... I was in love. I tried out the orange chicken. It wasn't too orange-y or sweet, not too spicy. (Back then I was a total wuss about spicy stuff...) The tea they serve complimented the chicken very well. I couldnt handly the cabbage stuff they serve before your meal... We went again when his sister was graduating college, with the boyfriends mama & sister. I still couldn't eat spicy stuff but this time was cause of my breastfeeding babes... I ended up returning my favorite dish *orange chicken of course* and waiting about 1/2 an hour while i hungrily watched everyone else recieve & finish their dinner. After patiently waiting, i recieved my dish, COLD & still spicy. It was clear to me they had taken my dish, let it sit (was i being punished?!) and get cold. I was let down, dissapointed... but still in love with my orange chicken. I went again on Christmas Eve to reward myself for going out on such a dreary cold day during the busiest season of the year just to return a few items on PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION, too. (poor me...) I don't mind going and having lunch alone once in a while, but wondered how I would be treated by the staff.... I was pretty much ignored. two tables came in after me, and were both served before me. Lunch came quickly, chicken fried rice, potstickers (delicious!) and wonton soup. Yes, i was starving but my eyes were bigger than my stomach... it was too much for one person. fried rice: if you LOVE bean sprouts, go for it. I have never eaten so many in my life, let alone one sitting. The chicken was flavorless. I think they used a can of peas & carrots or maybe the frozen stuff. I've made the stuff myself & consider mine flavorful, simple yet delicious. you can be sure i was highly dissapointed. potstickers: SO GOOD. they're sweet, full of flavor & great with the dipping sauce. wonton soup: simple, hot, satisfying. I've also gone for take out once & the boyfriend does not like his *old favorite* beef & broccoli anymore.... The orange chicken was perfect that time but i was so let down to go out of my way to get dinner for us, only to have the boyfriend turn his nose... i couldn't enjoy my own dinner. I ordered potstickers that time too, which i ended up waiting WAY too long for! it was ridiculous, waiting 30 minutes longer than they said it would take. All in all, I will be going somewhere else. It seems every time I go, it gets worse & the staff is not very great in my opinion.
