Sometimes a place makes you feel right at home, even though it's always packed and you can't come here on certain days. Hopleaf is really the original gastropub in Chicago, doing things that every other place is doing, but for the most part doing it better and doing it much longer. Hopleaf is the standard bearer and is always a fine choice on the north side. There's not much I can say that others have not. The food is great - probably the best mussels in the city and well priced for the portion size. The frites and aioli are fantastic and are a welcome sight as a side to the mussels. The duck reuben is genius and delicious and I want one right now with a side of stilton mac and cheese. That's right folks, blue cheese mac. If you like charceuterie then Hopleaf is the place for you. Great selection of cured meats, pates and terrines. The one thing I haven't had yet that I always bypass for mussels is the CB&J sandwich. I hear nothing but great things so next time I go this sammy will be mine (and, sammies come with frites and aioli, sucka!) Despite the food, many people come for the beer. Hopleaf has one of the best beer selections in the city on menus that are easy to read and organized well. From a long list of America crafts to an abundance of belgiums and limited-run beer, Hopleaf really has most everything you need in a great atmosphere. The decor is great and there are no TVs, which is a nice change of pace from most places. I appreciate the upstairs space to hang out if you don't want food or are waiting for a table downstairs. I also like the fact that you can mill around and get a table in the front and eat there too by ordering at the bar. A lot of people hate on Hopleaf because of the wait time, especially at night on a Wed-Sat but that's the state of this place. It's popular and tremendous so why mess with what works. Hopleaf was going to expand into the empty storefront next door but that hasn't come to fruition, probably due to the economy. I say leave it as is. As far as negatives? A couple times the food came out pretty slow but our server was apologetic. I'd also skip the deserts because I've never had anything worth getting no matter how great it sounds. It's been a while since I've been here so perhaps the deserts are better. We shall see. It's about time for a return trip. It's time to pack on some mussel!
