"The menu is definitely eclectic. The focus on organically & local grown seafood, fowl, meats & greens." While living in Chicago for a few months my girlfriend Carolann & I wanted to make sure we got a good sample of the foodie scene. I'll have to admit our first draw to this restaurant had to do with a TV show on the food network. "The Best Thing I ever Ate" The spicy pork rinds were a favorite and this was enough for us to visit. 1st. Make reservations if you want a seat at the table. This place can get busy. Upon arriving to the publican you'll be greeted by the warm wooden tables & warm lights. Definitely a warm pub feeling. There are standing areas where people seemed to be enjoying predinner/prepartying drinks, cubicle like separate tables and finally the rest is family style table seating. If you aren't a fan of the family style seating, then I recommend you bring a few friends with you and get a closed in cubicle table. Once seated you'll notice that the restaurant is not the only warm & inviting thing about this restaurant. The staff is very helpful and informative and the same thing can be said about the other restaurant patrons. My girlfriend and I were flanked on both sides by regulars who helped us navigate the menu & the beer/wine list. The Beer & Wine list is extensive. I honestly wish I could have come back a dozen times just to get more of a sample. The menu is definitely eclectic. The focus on organically & local grown seafood, fowl, meats & greens. The table bread was warm and the crust was crunchy. Spicy Pork Rinds - a MUST. The perfect blend of crunch & spice. The great way to wash down that Belgian beer. We shared the Charcuterie Plate-- which consisted of a pork pie, trotter-foie gras terrine, head cheese, finocchiona, morteau sausage, pickles & mustards. It was flavorful and a wonderful plate to share. The Frites served with the organic egg was divine. The way the yolk mixed with the hot fries & sea salt was a wonderful compliment to the Charcuterie Plate. We finished the meal off with this pork back that was just incredible. It was like eating a 4 inch think piece of bacon. It was simply one of the best things I have ever eaten. Apparently there are some menu changes with the seasons but most of the favorites remain. The prices are very reasonable for the quality of the meal. Do yourself a favor and add this place to a MUST visit if you are in Chicago. I will definitely be returning to try out more of the wonderful menu.
