Carnivale has a very appealing, festive, and flamboyant atmosphere. The second floor walls are composed of wine shelves beaming with colorful lights that would alter at intervals. The huge lantern-like accessories hanging from the tall ceiling also added to the liveliness. With such energetic decor, it's almost impossible to enter the dining hall without an elevated appetite for good food. It was a Sunday evening with a few friends. There was no wait but the dining hall was 80% filled. For the entrees, we ordered: "Bistek Palomilla - Niman Ranch ribeye, grilled onions, fried yuca and garlic mojo" - The meat was thick but tender and flavorful. "Mama Mendez' Arroz Con Mariscos - Sofrito rice, shrimp, mussels, clams, squid, chorizo, peas, chicken, lobster broth" - As my Asian friends would say, "This is by far the most expensive fried rice I've ever had." Don't take me wrong though. That is not an understatement of Carnivale's paella. In fact, it was very rich in ingredients, especially with the seafood. It was a sizable portion and my friend had to take the rest to go in a doggy bag. "Pernil - Rum glazed pork shoulder, fried plantains, Puerto Rican rice and beans" - The pork shoulders were enjoyable. The rum flavor blended well with the fried plantains As for the desserts, we ordered: "Carnivale Ice Cream Cake" - The ice cream is a piece of artwork and the diners at nearby tables were awestruck with our choice. There were three levels of ice cream and cake, and to top it off with tumbling caramel made it even more savoring. We were also give a steak knife to carve into the artwork because of its towering presence. It would've toppled if we tried to take a scoop of it with our spoons.  "Tres Leches with blueberries and mint cream" - I didn't quite enjoy the mint cream but the tres leches was very tasty (unless you're lactose-intolerant). It was a small piece of pastry shared by four people but it was enough for each to take a spoonful. It wasn't especially sweet but was very moist and rich. All in all, it was a very pleasant dining experience. The service was average but the atmosphere and food were excellent. It's a good choice for couples, anniversaries, birthdays, etc. They have coat check as well as a valet service but I believe street parking is also available.
