I sidled in in the middle of the day pretending I knew what I was talking about when I said 'three for the Beijing duck dinner for 7pm tonight'. All I really knew about the dinner was that people liked it on Yelp and in the food section of the Tribune, so I hoped that there would not be follow up questions.  There were not. She nodded, I left, and I came back in 7 hours with Dan and my mom in tow. Despite our better judgment, we ordered some stir-fried eggplant to go along with our duck dinner, which itself sounded huge, looked huge on other people's tables, and... yes, WAS huge when it arrived at ours. It would have been plenty of food on its own, but who's going to say no to Chinese eggplant with garlic and generous spoonfuls of chili sauce? While not the best eggplant stir fry ever, it certainly filled the gaps nicely between duck, duck, and more duck. After watching our duck get carved at the table, we stuffed medallions of barbecued duck in little bao wrappers and filled them with carrots and hoisin. We then slurped our duck soup, which tasted more than anything like those little bowls of broth you get with Korean BBQ, and finished it off with duck fried rice. The first course was the best, I think, with each subsequent one being a little blander (which makes sense given they're scraping less meat off the duck with each course). Since they cooked the duck so perfectly, it was easy to stuff mouthfuls of meat into my mouth without worrying about it being tough and degenerating into an unchewable mouthful. The soup was clear and refreshing, but dangerous with lots of little bones. By the time the duck became fried rice, it was kind of oily and bland. I would rather have had it made into congee, personally - congee makes even the scarcest amounts of meat delicious! When the onslaught was all over, we were given little bowls of mystery ice cream that, if I had to take a stab at it, may have been mangosteen and anise flavored. No one liked it but me so I got to eat three bowls. Yay!
