Three stars for the inconsistent food, but something about the place that makes me want to come back. We rarely wander up to Andersonville, but since we were going to be in the area at Aragon we thought we'd try something nearby. I found out about this place bc it was one of the restaurants from the A La Card deck. I was excited to try some Southern food. We walked in and it was totally not what I expected. I was pleasantly surprised by the decor. It was classy, simple, yet rich and warm. The long velvet curtains were like the ones at Violet Hour. Unfortunately we sat at a table near the door and there was a constant draft of cold air. I had to keep my coat on the whole time. I warmed myself up with this beautiful tea. I love the jasmine teas that start out like a gumball and then open up beautifully in the water. We started out with some fried green tomatoes. The portions were pretty large for appetizers. The fried green tomatoes were nicely cooked with a crispy cornmeal crust, but could use a bit more salt. The pickled shrimp overpowered the tomatoes. The complimentary corn bread was light and moist. These were one of the highlights of the meal. They were warm and delicious. The pork belly appetizer was good but not great. It needed more salt and once again was overpowered by the pickled vegetables. The pork shoulder sandwhich was a mound of meat on a heavily buttered roll with a heap of cole slaw. The slaw was great. The meat was a tad too tart for me. It seems like they are really into pickling and tart flavors. The okra was nicely breaded and fried. The halibut was perfectly cooked. It was flavorful and flaky. The mustard sauce was a great addition. The pickled red cabbage (again with the pickling) were too strong and the sweet potato pancake underneath couldn't hold up to the cabbage.Overall, I loved the decor, vibe, and service. The food for me was close but no cigar. Most everything was a bit under seasoned and could be greatly improved simply by adding salt. The pickling was reoccurred too much and was overpowering. Despite all this, I would actually come back. Maybe brunch is better. It's worth a shot.
