I was saving my first review for a really great dining experience, but i had to write about Frontera instead. I had no expectations of this place or Bayless coming in, so my experience is fairly unbiased and raw. You'll see a lot of Bayless fans here who've waited to try his place, and perhaps that factors in to a good rating, but please do read some of the bad reviews and decide on your own, with a tempered view of what this place is hyped up to be. We got there at 9, and put our names down. I saw a couple waiting outside like us and had assumed they were also waiting for a table. 15 min passed by in the cold and rain, only to find that they were waiting for the valet to bring their car. I thought... "uh oh, it's not a good sign when the valet service takes 15 minutes. This was a Thursday night, and we finally got seated at 9:45. Ok, so that's annoying but that's acceptable. But i will add that there isn't a particular reason why they can't do their reservations better, and there isn't a good reason for a 45 min wait when it's that late for dinner on a Thur night. We get seated near the entrance, and i notice that there are 4 women around the reception desk; two handling the seating and two just literally standing there. We have no water, and we're missing one table setting, but they didn't seem too concerned. Finally someone comes by and gives us water, and we have to remind him twice to get us an extra table setting. Our waitress takes the drink order, and doesn't bother to tell us about their daily special dishes or anything that's good whatsoever; fine, maybe that's just how it is here. We order some appetizers. She brings out my beer, and puts it in front of the wrong person (i was the only one that ordered a drink, so how hard is it to remember this?). I slowly move the glass and beer toward me (so she'd notice), but she didn't and it didn't seem to matter one bit that she served the wrong person. She later comes around again to take our main order and when two of us indicated to her we wanted the daily special (lamb) she told us they were all out of it. She apologized for this, but it's fairly mindless not to point this out and having the two of us to go through the menu again to order our entree. So at this point we're starving - at least the appetizers came out in acceptable time. I ordered their pork loins and this other friend who wanted the special ordered enchiladas. We haven't eaten since lunch and we were starved, and pretty much anything at this point would have been good to eat, but the dishes were hard to finish. My pork was, as my friends described it "funky", dry, and certainly not particularly Mexican. It was bland with some weird sauce, and i was not pleased. My friend only ate half of his dish. At some point, my friend spilled a whole glass of water, which spilled on to the floor near the entrance. This was done right in front of the two Mexican ladies i mentioned earlier. minutes passed... nothing done, and now my feet are in the water a bit as well. I kept looking at them like "Are you guys gonna ask someone to clean this up?" and finally after a good 10 minutes, someone wiped it off the floor. I mean, it didn't bother me too much, but what if someone took a spill there? It's just total disregard for safety and just the basic desire to keep the place to some standard. And it's now nearly 11 PM, and things are not that busy. By the end of the night, it had taken us 2 hours to finish out dinner, and we weren't being too social or chatty. I don't think they even thanked us or said goodbye when we left. As with many people, i expect to have great food and service, or at least for one to make up for the shortcomings of the other. Frontera doesn't have either of these... the food isn't anything that blows the mind or the palette; It didn't occur to me that I was even having Mexican. Service, decor and environment (noisy enough to make you talk louder) can definitely use an overhaul, and the staff there should be all replaced with some real pros. I hear Bayless tries to keep it as authentic as possible and keeps the staff that way as well (lazy and inattentive, i guess is "authentic") but i am not paying $30 for an entree in Mexico, so either make the service better or bring down the price to match - I've gotten better food and service at a $15 place.
