OK, apparently this restaurant belongs to Dale Levitski from Top Chef's season 3? Or, he is the chef? Or something? I don't know? But I do know this: Don't bother eating here if you're looking for a good meal. The restaurant itself is pretty, albeit slightly overbuilt (fancy finishes) for the 'style' of menu they are trying to offer. And the staff is excellent, really. But the food misses by miles! Miles!! I was really shocked. You look at the menu, curiously, and are quite intrigued when it is explained to you, as everything sounds so creative and yummy. The main ingredient of each dish is listed to the left in bold, and the accompanying ingredients to the right. Everything sounded great! Really! As a tasting menu, with a few accoutrements from the chef in between, I couldn't wait to get started! I really don't want to bore you with horrific details of each dish, but I will sum up what I think is the main problem clearly: Each dish, I mean each and every single one, even the accoutrements, are extremely, single flavor, overbearingly heavy! There is no 'balance' of flavors. Even though the flavor profiles seem a bit bizarre (they are), that CAN work, if you know what you're doing. At Sprout, none of the flavors come together. Case in point: When you bite into the Short Ribs, all you can taste is red wine. And, it tastes like a turned bottle of red wine. I suppose the lack of complex flavor wouldn't be SO bad, if the technical preparation of the Short Ribs were right on? It wasn't. They were braised for so long (perhaps why the overwhelming wine smell and flavor?), that the meat was like 'thread' when you tried to cut it. SO stringy. And the parsnip was so dry, that it crumbled when I went to cut it with a meat knife. Sad. I could say the same terrible critiques about my appetizer and accoutrements, but the bottom line is this: either you're a talented chef, or you're not? And, either you're a great cook, or you're not? It appears this restaurant had neither in the kitchen that night. I did eat my food because I was absolutely starving, but I just couldn't imagine bite after bite, what it costs as it was going in. My boyfriend kept saying "send it back." And I was like "and get what, you know it will be awful too?" Sad. I did, however, like the flavors (only) of one dish. The BACON dessert. Reading it off of the menu reminded me of an episode of "Chopped." The ingredients would be the mystery basket from hell! But the flavors of this dish were delicious! Seriously! The preparation needed a lot of work, as some of the bacon was undercooked (ewww) and the pastry was rock hard. And the soupy root beer that the bacon bits sat in was watery (eck). But all in all, these sweet and savory flavors all together just ROCKED! I came home and put Apples and Bacon on my list of things to buy and eat immediately.  :)
