I used to frequent this fine establishment when I lived in Lakeview years back. Now that I live in Boston and have to deal with folk who may own a "Chicago Pizza" but don't actually make Chicago style pizza (nor hand tossed even well for that matter), I have missed that wonderful pizza. And, while thinking of Art of Pizza recently during one of my forays into the Boston pizza scene (which again isn't that great comparatively), I realized that Chicago Style pizza is one of few truly American foods, deep dish that is. The sauce at Art of Pizza is rich. Tomato, dried oregano, parsley, thyme, onion powder, garlic powder/fresh? and probably some secret whatever, make the sauce so flavorful. This is important because so much of this pizza hinges on the sauce. For other types of pizza, the sauce can be neglected and if covered up with enough cheese and toppings, it's okay. But because of the volume increase skyward from other similarly sized pizzas, the sauce becomes a catalyst for everything else that makes Chicago deep dish pizza, and also Art of Pizza, so delicious. The crust has to be made with a lot of butter. This crust has to crumble and flake off at the same time. It also has to have some chewiness towards the middle without being too doughy. Oh, and it has to taste like butter, did I forget that? Anyway, the cheese has to be stringy and good, but I would argue is not the most important part as far as the taste goes. It does provide a good glue and base for the sausage. The sausage is good from Art of Pizza; full of fennel seeds and porky filled goodness and fried in a patty. And the prices at Art of Pizza are great. One slice is usually good and you walk away from there happy, full, and aren't $10 poorer. I can guess that almost everyone of these reviews about this place are about the pizza. They should be. But you should also give this place a shot for sandwiches. So good. Also, they have daily specials on traditional Italian-American fare, lasagna, mostaccioli, etc. for short money and in larger-than-life quantities. Give Art of Pizza a shot. The restaurant has no environment pro's, but the food is just good to pass this place up, which many I imagine do. Keep in mind however, they do deliver.
