Yes this is a ONE-star rating.I am chinese and I used to love this resturant.I always give 20% tips but this time I gave them 0. What's more I'll never return to Lao Sze Chuan for anything.In the old days while the owner of Lao Sze Chuan was in the resturant, service was good and taste was nice authentic. My friends and I always chose Lao Sze Chuan as a 1st place for dinner.Things changed, the owner seldomly appear in the resturant and I see new faces of waiters. Price went up but I considered the taste could be better.I was horribly wrong. I went to O'hare today to pick up my classmate and went to Lao Sze Chuan for dinner. One waiter sent us glasses of water was just hanging glasses in his hand over the table, waiting us, customers to place glasses without any sentence. We are 5 people group and the waitor repeat this hanging for 5 times, no exeption. I was shocked and wished its just an incident. I was wrong again. During the 75mins dinner no one came to our talbe for refilling water, even we tried to call them for several times. Like 2 or 3 times I believe someone behind the bar saw our hands but decided to do nothing. This is not the last thing made us unhappy.2 of 5 dishes we ordered seems to be tasteless, the chef or his assistant definetely forgort add salt into them. I've been cook for myself more than 10 years and I'm sure about it. We decided call one waiter regarding this issue. The same waiter who WAITED us to place glasses came to our table after several mins hands up. He seems to be doubtful about our opion and won't take it seriously. He left our table without apology nor making any promise. Like 10mins later one mid-age lady in black came to our table and asked us why not add salt by ourself using salt bottle on the table. I was almost crazy but I calmed down and explained that dishes need to be reheated so the taste can get into beefs. She accepted and took those two dishes back to kitchen.We are chinese and we do eat rice. We have 5 people and we didn't get rice refilled during the whole dinner. No one responsed regarding our request. I have no idea where those waiters were while customers need them. This is my first zero-tip dinner in US, since 2 years ago I came here. The last shinning point is, the same lady, ran out from the resturant, stopped us and saying that we didn't pay tips. We explained the reason. She was very unhappy, about us, not her waiters.I wish I could support resturants operated by my natives, chinese. I do love Ma Po resturant in Naperville, just for example. For Lao Sze Chuan, I just can't like it anymore and I do wish you try to choose another place for dinner.
