Met up with some friends from out of town who wanted do to the whole "bean and face fountain" thing. When the topic of lunch came up I jumped at the chance to finally eat at this place and bring my craft beer loving friends along with me. It being a gorgeous Chicago day, and that it was around 1pm, the restaurant was quite busy with business people and tourists all looking for a bite. We didn't have a reservation so the wait would be 30 minutes unless we did their patio seating. Because it was so hot out no other patron was sitting outside but we didn't want to wait and decided to brave the heat. Really glad we did that. The seats were in the shade so the temperature wasn't too bad and with a slight breeze it was actually quite comfortable. Because we were the only ones out there our server was kind of awkward at first because he talked to us, took our drink orders, came back with drinks, and then just stood there at our table watching us read the menu. Stood there for a good 5 minutes. Just watching. Kind of weird but I guess he didn't have anything else to do. Their libations list, as they call it, is pretty impressive and I had fun choosing a couple craft beers I've never had before. Got the Darkhorse Raspberry Ale and the Dragon Milk Stout with the stout being the clear favorite. For food I had their House Poutine. Never had poutine before. Knew of it. Have been curious to try it some day. Today was the day. With a nice elk ragout gravy, some cheese, and tasty fries, the whole meal was filling and good. Could of used more cheese but still good. Canada is on to something. My wife had a mushroom sandwich which was decent but I was kind of dissapointed in the overall lack of vegetarian options for her. As our meal progressed our awkward at first server grew on me and turned out to be actually quite warm and helpful. Even though our table started with four people it soon went to five and then to six people as other friends joined us late. Our server, even though by now had other tables to worry about, took this in stride, got us extra chairs, put in the late arrivals' orders, answered drink questions, and was charming doing so. Overall I had a good experince here. Other items on their menu, and the ones I saw at other tables while walking to the restroom, look promising and delicious. I don't know if I will come here regularly but I do know I will certainly return if I have friends visiting. Especially friends who like craft beers and rare spirits and who aren't shy about spending a pretty penny to enjoy themselves.
