I honestly hate this place. Let me preface this by saying...I love beer. I love Belgian beer. I love the beers on their beer menu. I like food. I love going out to eat. I live in the city, and love the area where Hopleaf is located....but I hate this place. I really do. So, here's my experience. It's my friend's birthday and he wanted to meet us at Hopleaf, since he lives in Andersonville. We get there and get in about 2 minutes before them. When we check in with the hostess, my wife and I say "There are going to be four of us". She says "is everyone in your party here?" (I realize this is standard), and I say no, but they're right behind us. By the way, there were tables available for us(???) but they couldn't seat us. Okay, fine, I understand. So, we ask if there is availability on the patio. She says there's a different list for the patio so my wife decides to see how long the wait is out there, while I wait for the other two people in our party to arrive. In stroll three guys who say "table for four". She says "is everyone here?" They say, "the fourth is coming". She takes the THREE to their table for four. Okay, now I'm a little bit annoyed, but I didn't say anything...we're here to have fun. Then our two friends arrive and the hostess says "okay, I can take your name now".  I'm like, huh?? We already gave you our name, but apparently she didn't even take our name because our WHOLE party wasn't there. That was just weird. Back to square one. Soooooo....we end up deciding to head out to the patio to eat. The patio hostess said we could hang out on the patio and have drinks while we waited for a table. Cool! So, I head in to the bar to buy beer for the four of us with one of my friends. The bartender gives me a surly look, but I say "Hi....so, what's the Allagash White like?". I figure, since it's a "beer" place, the bartenders would like talking about beer and know the beers they have on tap. Plus it wasn't super busy. He says "It's a wheat beer". I guess I should have figured that but I didn't so, I said.....we'll, okay, I'll have the Rouge, which was a beer on tap (the big red tap with ROUGE in big letters). The bartender looked at me like I was some sort of idiot until I pointed to the tap. Then he says "if you don't like Allagash White, you won't like that"....to which I said, "oh..is it a wheat beer too? And he said "NO". No explanation, no anything. Then looked at me like I'm an idiot again. So I said I'll try it. He fills it up and kinda slams it on the bar and says "Six Fifty". Okay, I'm not done ordering. so I say, "Aaaannd.....do you have lemonade? "NO". Do you have any other sort of citrus like drink (which is what my wife wanted)? "NO" (still glaring, GLARING at me). So, my friend kinda sees that this guy is kinda weird, so she steps in and says says "just give me an Oberon" which he goes to get, slams it down on the bar and tersely says "$12.50", then glares at me. OKAY......AAAND could I also get a Delirium Tremens? He goes and grabs it, slams it down on the table and says "19.50" (then looks at me like I'm an idiot).  I was actually floored. WTF just happened? I don't get it. What kind of way is that to treat a patron of your restaurant? I seriously wanted to climb over the bar and punch the guy in the face. I've never come across such a jackass of a bartender or waiter in my 17 years in Chicago.  Since I couldn't get a lemonade for my wife, she went inside to the bar to get a drink. while the rest of us waited on the patio for our name to come up to be seated. My wife was inside for a long time because she said the bartenders were ignoring the 5 or so people trying to order drinks at the bar. The waitress then goes to get my wife and asked if she had bought a beer at the bar yet. My wife replied no, and the waitress said that our table was ready outside so she could just order one there. So my wife comes back to the patio and then we wait for the waitress to come back out to show us to our table. Then the waitress comes out and says she's so sorry, but she thought my wife was someone else and our table is in fact not ready. The waitress said, "Well, I asked if your name was Amanda." My wife said, "No, you asked if I had ordered a beer yet." Obviously, my wife's name is not Amanda and would have never said yes to that question. The rest of the evening was OKAY. The funny thing is, the food was actually pretty good. The beer list is great, but the other thing we had to put up with is the passive aggressive correcting on the names of the (by design) obscure Belgian beer list. That's just annoying. On the way home I said to my wife that it must be a culture that they cultivate there. That's the only explanation for the hostile behavior of the staff. It's weird. I just won't spend my money at a place like that again. There are just WAY too many great places to eat in the city of Chicago.
