Key to this place: DON'T wait in line. We left our number at the door and headed across the street to Big Star for some delish tacos. We got a call (two actually), which we missed because the phone was in my boyfriend's loose pant pocket. Still, when we showed up at the door, despite our name being crossed off we were let right in and seated at the bar. When you walk in you are immediately hit by the simple elegance of the place. Large, heavy velvet curtains separate the street from the bar, then the bar itself into three rooms. There are tables scattered about, and booths along the walls. The bar seats had big, cushy comfy bar stools. And the bars were made of marble. Shortly upon sitting down one bartender (a term that does not quite match what the people behind the bar do here. Perhaps drink technician? Cocktail connoisseur? What would be the cocktail version of a sommelier?) poured us a couple glasses of water from chilled water bottles. We were given menus by a woman who was to be our drink technician. She gave us a minute to peruse then asked if we had questions. We asked for her advice, to which she questioned us about which particular spirit we were interested in. She was honest and straightforward about her opinion. For example, I was interested in something dry and not too sweet so asked about the bubbly drinks. She named one of them as being dry, but she said she thought it was boring. It was not elitist or condescending in any way. I felt that she was being honest, which is what I wanted--I did ask for her opinion after all. I also felt that if I did choose to order the "boring" drink I wouldn't have felt stupid or in any way lame for having done so. (I did not order that drink, rather another one that she recommended, to which she added extra tequila on top when she saw my excitement about the tequila I had no idea was in the drink in the first place.) My boyfriend and I both had a couple drinks (ALL were excellent, made with good, and plentiful booze, and tasted yummy). She checked up on us occasionally (not in a pushy way), which was totally appreciated. The reason she was able to do so was because they do not pack people into this place. It's just low-key and a good environment in which to sit, enjoy the company of others, and have amazing cocktails. There was no one standing around, and no one waiting for drinks. Everyone was taken care of at all times by the many servers/drink technicians, and the pace never seemed hurried or rushed. Me likey. There were a couple more small touches which added to the elegance of this place. The ice. They say on the menu that all the water is twice-filtered to provide the purest ice for the drinks. They also have ice that has been made into big chunks to fit the specific glass for the specific cocktail. Let me clarify. For an old fashioned, which is a whiskey drink served in a short glass, they use one large round ball of ice (really like what you're SUPPOSED to get at a really nice place when you order a scotch on the "rocks"). The dark and stormy came in a tall, skinny glass. For this they use one tall cylindrical piece of ice. This is just the ideal and most logical way to serve a drink. The one large block of ice means the ice is not melting as quickly (less surface area) and watering down your drink. (When you get a glass filled with small ice cubes those cubes melt pretty damn quick, especially if you're stirring your drink after each sip, as some tend to do.)  The bathrooms. The classy, simple, elegance carries over into the bathrooms, all co-ed single user rooms. There was more marble in the bathroom, and it was clean.  "The lab." Behind the bar sits what I shall refer to as "the lab." It is a space filled with books (presumably about drinking, cocktails, maybe about spices, who knows). There are a ton of brown vials filled with who knows what amazing tinctures get added to drinks. There's a cabinet with even more bottles and "tools". Having a science background it looked like the creative breeding place for the delightful concoctions they create. I loved it! You pay $12 for a cocktail, but that is not so out of the ordinary in a city these days, and you get a lot included in that $12 (no tax). You get what I would consider pretty personalized and amendable service. You get engineered ice. You get good booze (not bottom shelf stuff here). You are not shafted on the quantity (or quality) of the booze. You get all fresh, nothing pre-mixed in your drink. You get a relaxed environment in which to conversate without feeling rushed, or rubbed up on by people trying to get to the bar to order a drink. For being treated well and feeling like a million bucks, you might even have underpaid for your drink.  A note on pretension. It's not. I went in with a semi-nice shirt, jean shorts and flip flops. I never once felt looked down upon or that I shouldn't be there. I never got dirty looks.
