Having heard fantastic things about the food scene in Chicago, I was disappointed to have so few meals over the weekend I was there. And being unfamiliar with the city and not wanting to get lost (even with my gps), I was glad to find that this place was right smack in the center of Chicago, right off Michigan Ave.  On a Sunday around 2:30pm, the Purple Pig was closer to empty but it did fill up rapidly after I got there. I settled myself at the long bar (fits about 10-12). The bartender was super nice and after checking the menu, asked his opinion on my choices: The pork terrine, the bone marrow and the milk braised pork shoulder. His eyes widened at my choices, or more specifically at the number of them.. Yes, I don't play around. He cautioned me that it might be best to go with the terrine and the pork shoulder and should I still be hungry, then order the bone marrow but he thought my choices were right on. To accompany my meal, I thought the white burgundy would have enough acidity and body to cut through and stand up to the meal. Unfortunately, they were out of it but the bartender, who by now, had pegged my taste buds, recommended a Portuguese white done in a Burgundy style (can't remember the name) but he was completely right in his suggestion.  My terrine showed up within minutes of my order and the order was big enough that that would have been sufficient for my meal. The lard on top of the terrine was creamy white and had been warmed to a spreadable buttery softness. The bread had been toasted to the perfect consistency, providing enough crunch on the outside while keeping a warm center. The side of fig marmalade, sort of like a more substantial membrillo, was delicious as well.  When the pork shoulder arrived, the waitress delivering the dish mentioned in passing that it was her favorite dish on the menu.. Seems like my stomach can pick its way through menus rather well.. The pork shoulder had been braised for a long time and flaked at the touch of my fork. I persevered ahead despite being full, thinking about the crappy airplane food I'd have to otherwise resort to later on.  Morale of the story: I did not finish the pork shoulder but I did as well as I could. And if one has to load up on calories, the Purple Pig is a great way to go. Prices were reasonable with each of these dishes in the $11-15 range. For a lunch of this caliber with a great glass of wine, getting out for under $40 is superb in my book. In addition, the famous "Midwestern" hospitality from the bartender to the guy seating 4 seats away from me (and as I found out works in the restaurant industry) and who ended up chatting with me through my meal, making me feel not alone at all was fantastic. Service was great with plenty of attention when necessary and yet a certain amount of privacy as well if one desires (another single woman had been sitting at the other end of the bar and she'd gone with the "reading my book" way and had been left to her own devices).  All in all, I'd definitely come back here and I can see how this would be a great date place in the evenings.
