I don't spend too much time out in Logan Square, which was the only thing keeping me away from Longman & Eagle. Excuses...but I finally made it. It also helps that my friend, who is working in Chicago for the summer, lives down the block and constantly reminds me of this. The first time I came, we only waited 27 minutes despite the quoted wait at 1-1.5 hours. Not that I was keeping track or anything. The next time we did legitimately wait 1.5 hours. So I've spent some time sitting at the bar. It's not the worst place to be, especially because I truly love and appreciate whiskey (forewarning, this part is going to be me just gushing about whiskey). The bartenders are really cool, and one of them remembered me from my first visit. Whiskey flights. Awesome. I considered getting the white flight, because I love Koval (100% one grain and really only use the hearts from distillation). However I got the single barrel bourbon flight, and it was great. Along with the ridiculous whiskey list and $3 shots, L&E is heaven. In terms of cocktails I've had the January V (Hirsch Special Corn Whiskey, Fernet Menta, Yellow Chartreuse, Angostura Bitters, Acid Phosphate) and the Chicagoan (Punt E Mes, Wild Turkey Rye, Cynar, Malort, Salt, Angostura). Both were fucking awesome. Also FOOD. Pastrami spiced pig head, farm greens salad, rabbit pot pie, roasted half chicken, zabuton of beef (best name for a cut of meat, ever?), roasted marrow bones, duck meatloaf, rhubarb and asparagus salad. Hot damn. The pig head and meatloaf were probably my favorite of the lot. The rabbit pot pie comes with "vegetables rabbits like to eat." The marrow was a lot more delicate than I'm used to, since the bones are cut across rather than lengthwise. On one visit with friends, one person got just the pretzel, while another got the meatballs, both of which are bar snack sized. With the food so good, it's a damn shame to not let your inner glutton express itself. The burger is just okay, but the beef fat fries are expectedly delicious. I kept putting off coming here, which was a mistake. Now I'm hooked. Oh, also my friend asked if they had crushed ice, because she likes crushed ice in her water. So I posed the question, "Wtf, why do you need crushed ice?" Meanwhile a bartender beat the shit out of some ice cubes for her. What.
