If I could give Gilt Bar a negative review, I would. After reading all of the reviews on Yelp, I was really looking forward to checking it out. Actually, I was considering hosting our company's holiday party at Gilt - sufficient to say, that will NOT be happening. Anyway, back to the nightmare: I was organizing a happy hour for my company and thirty people responded saying that they wanted to go. I called the bar to see if they take reservations because I know that bringing thirty people to a bar can be overwhelming for a staff to seat and I didn't want to be rude. I thought they could just rope off a small section. After all, the restaurant seats close to 150. Easy enough, right? Well, when I called the bar and spoke to the hostess, I guess that was my warning. She couldn't have been less helpful. She said, "We don't take reservations for cocktails but if I'd like to buy out the bar I'd be happy to accommodate." Seriously? It's an office happy hour... Of course I don't want to "buy out" the bar. Anyway, my coworkers and I showed up at 4:45, promptly as the doors for the bar opened. Only 10 of the 30 were able to make it right at 4:45, but the rest assured me they would show up within the hour. Let me be clear that when we showed up, we had 10 people with us, expected 30 people and said that we'd like to sit anywhere in the bar that sat 30 people. Tables, booth, whatever, we just wanted to be able to mingle together. Also, it's important to note that even at 5:00, the bar was EMPTY! Maybe 20 people plus staff in an area that probably seats close to 150. The hostess sat us in an area that was loungy and somewhat elevated from the rest of the bar, but let me be clear - we didn't request to sit there. The entire lounge area looked like it would comfortably sit 30 people so I thought it would work perfectly. Boy was I wrong. About 5 minutes later, she started bringing other people to that area and seating them next to us. I approached her and asked what was going on. She said that she couldn't tell people where to sit and that it was first come, first serve. Well, fine, but the bar isn't full. Serve them in one of the other 100+ seats instead of at the table next to ours since you know I'm expecting 20 other people!! She said she would, "see what she could do". Such bullshit. Another five minutes went by and she sat another couple there. The third time she came up, I approached her and asked what was going on. Again she said that she couldn't control where people wanted to sit - like they were all demanding to sit directly next to us when there were plenty of other seats available. Well here was the real kick in the pants. I asked her if we could move our group to another area that sat 30 people and she said those tables were reserved. So if I understood it correctly, I wasn't able to reserve tables, but other people can. And I didn't choose where I sat but other people could. Within 20 minutes of our arrival, the rest of our coworkers showed up and we were so cramped that people literally had to sit on the floor. The staff yelled at US because we were creating a "fire hazard" and yet they were the ones that had given away our seats. On top of the whole seating fiasco, the service sucked. It took some of our party 45+ minutes to get their first drink. When some people went to the bar and opened a tab, our waitress got upset and said that wasn't allowed because we were getting served. Well, I don't expect a beer to take 45 minutes, no matter what section I'm in. I could eat an entire meal in a restaurant in that amount of time! Bottom line: I will not be back. They were not accommodating and frankly, I felt like I was being talked down to the entire night. Gilt Bar - If you happen to read this, please know that I will be doing all I can to make sure as many people as possible find out about your horrible customer service, that includes my friends, family, coworkers, acquaintances, etc. - and so will the rest of my coworkers.
