Wow, I never reviewed this place?! I love Carnivale! Everyone we take there ends up loving it too :) Seriously, any time a special occasion comes up, we ask, have you been to Carnivale? And if they haven't we jump in the car and immediately head there.  Fantastic selection of Latin American cuisine, even if you're not a meat eater (and yes I consider fish meat too, so mean true vegetarian). Ingredients are fresh and the menu rotates according to what is in season so you'll always have new things to try. A lot of people assume its a brazillian steak house, and while you may certainly leave in a meat coma, it's not the miserable kind you get at those all you can eat meat emproiums. I almost always get beef because they prepare it so well, but have also had pork and fish there. Always AMAZING! If you can avoid seconds on their fantastic chips and salsa, and resist the urge to try their fantastic fresh made guacamole, you could probably finish a meal and maybe share dessert. I wouldn't know, I'm a guacamole junkie :p  While everything is very good, my favorite things on the menu (other than the guac, have I mentioned it's freaking fantastic?!) are the Ropa Vieja appetizer and the Arrachera entree. Drink wise, I almost always get the red sangria, but they have a full bar and a nice selection of creative martinis and other mixed drinks to complement the food too. I managed to eat dessert just a few times, and nothing disappointed. The churros with caramel and chocolate sauces were really tasty and made fresh to order. We also shared the giant sundae served in a pineapple and it was also very good, but definitely meant to share with friends, a few of them :) On top of all of that, the atmosphere is very fun, festive and lively. The decor feels like a mambo parade should be coming through hourly, and on occasion it feels like it because they will have live music and dancing in the large bar area. I prefer sitting upstairs in the loft area because it allows you a fantastic view of the whole place, and is a bit less noisy. But no seat is a bad one. Parking - you CAN park on the street but you have to get pretty lucky with the new residential towers going up in the area. And with valet being just $5, it's probably cheaper and easier to valet anyway.
