I had to be talked into going here by my husband, who recently tried it. My reason for running in the opposite direction in fear of savory crepes? When little my parents used to take in Japanese exchange students and they would cook us one big meal as a thank you. Well one year, they wanted to make some kind of crepe like thing but they used Bisquick and it was essentially a puffy pancake with seaweed and other scary things that don't belong poking out of it. And my mother forced us to eat some. Trust me, it was bad. So back in present day.....my husband had to drag me kicking and screaming to Icosium Kafe and boy is my face red now. I absolutely LOVED the savory crepe! We split a savory and sweet crepe and like dummies we asked for both at once. Don't do this! We didn't know our dessert had ice cream with it, so we had to eat it first. The savory crepe was the Palace crepe with pine nuts, roasted peppers, caramelized onions, goat cheese, spinach, roasted garlic! Holy crepe it was good! But my advice is don't split your savory, each get your own and then split the sweet one. They put it on two plates and I felt like the insides weren't totally evenly distributed. We also split the vegetable puree soup that comes with it, which was really yummy too. The sweet crepe we had was a special, it was called Bananas Foster and Clark! Get it? Get it? It's their location..those clever crepers! It was large and stuffed with bananas and strawberries and orange blossom water (I don't know what this means but i tasted a hint of orange) and almond slivers and cooked in caramel sauce and ice cream and whipped cream! Whew! That was a mouthful to say and more than a couple mouthfuls for us both to eat. And the presentation was beautiful. The service here was outstanding, friendly, fast, and attentive, but not so much that you feel like you should offer them a bite of your food. The decor is fun and unique and the eating area is pretty small but it doesn't feel crowded. All in all, I owe Icosium Kafe for helping me get over my fear of savory crepes and I will surely go back to get my crepe on! Crepe!
