Okay so this is the second time I've eaten here...first time was brunch with girlfriends after a bachelorette party (I was hungover), sat at the bar, ordered mimosas, etc and I enjoyed it, surprise surprise. Second time was Thanksgiving Eve with my husband and kids...AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL, on absolutely every level (ok, wait, the margaritas were amazing and probably the only thing that kept me from losing it on the waitstaff and host). Soooo, we get there and ask for a table for 4 and they tell us it's going to be a 1.5 hour wait...there was noBODY waiting...crickets in the foyer...felt like they were trying to deter us from staying bcz we had 2 little kids with us...can't prove it, just sayin. Any who, we say okay we'll wait...we go to the bar and order a drink and before our drink even arrives, the buzzer goes off...how predictable. As we're making our way to the host stand, some friends call and say they want to meet us and are a block away...they have 8 in their party. I ask the host and he says 2 hour wait if we want to all sit together...even though there is an open 8-top right next to the 4-top table we're sitting at...he tells us that's for a reservation which is supposed to arrive in an HOUR...I tell him we'll be done by then but he refuses. Whatever, our friends leave and we start looking over the menu...waiter is so f'n rude from the JUMP...he never smiles or greets us, barely even looks up from his order booklet-thingy...we order another drink and he leaves us alone to look over the menu... After looking over the kids menu, everything was super seasoned...nothing plain for picky eaters. I figure, no biggie, I'll just ask for cheese quesadillas...waiter comes back 5 minutes later and we ask if the kids can get the quesadillas with cheese only and he says no...everything comes as-is, no modifications. WTF?! So we ordered what looked to be the 2 most kid-friendly items but they were SOOO spicy and heavily seasoned...kid's were SOO hungry and there wasn't ANYTHING they could bring them to eat. AWFUL! The dishes we ordered were so so spicy, I couldn't even eat it...I ordered Tacos al Carbon and it was a joke...a small little pile of meat and some tortillas (kids actually ended up eating them since thier meals were inedible). Hubby's dish tasted gamey...he ordered the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano. Food and drinks here are expensive and portions are small...and the food was crap. Food, across the board, was awful. Service was beyond awful. Drinks were great. If you have kids, don't eat here...they don't like children. FYI...our friends ended up walking over to Rainforest Cafe...kid's meals were $2.99, they had a lady making balloon animals and the staff was right out of Disneyland! Even though Rainforest is the LAST place I'd ever want to eat I've decided...if my kids are with me, that's where we're going...great service, value and food is not bad.
