*Belated review - actual visit was the weekend of 5/7/10* I set Graham Elliot in my sights soon after I found out we were heading to Chicago for a couple days of R&R, but I have to be honest, 1) I'd never heard of GE prior to seeing him on Bravo's Top Chef and 2) My first choice was actually Rick Bayless' Frontera Grill (booked). This dinner was our second night in Chicago, and since we'd had a wonderful experience at Blackbird the night before - my expectations were running quite high. The decor is cool with a nice color scheme (dark browns with pops of kelly green, mid-range/low lighting) and fun vibe - fairly loud music and chatter from other patrons. We got seated at a booth/chair table near the front window. After some discussion with our friendly server, we decided on the tasting menu, adding on the drink pairing, and a starter of 'fois-lly'pops and cocktails. While we waited, we munched on their addictive truffle popcorn - yum! 1) Fois-lly pops are a Willy Wonka-meets-haute-cuisine-ish concoction of fois gras shaped into a circle, with watermelon Pop Rocks (remember those?!) around the edge, stuck onto a lollypop stick (see pic). Whimsy at its best and delicious to boot. 2) Caesar salad w/mascarpone stuffed 'twinkie' brioche crouton, parmesan, a whole anchovy, paired with 2008 Brokenwood Semillon from Hunter Valley. The flavor of the dressing was too subtle for me and the twinkie, although a creative and unique idea, was just good. I was left wanting more (see pic). 3) Spring pea soup w/mint marshmallow, paired with Hitachino white ale from Japan. I loved this course. The soup was served from a beaker and poured on top of the mint marshmallow which slowly disintegrated into the soup, adding just the right amount of sweetness. The beer pairing went perfectly with this dish. 4) Halibut with morels, fiddlehead, with a cabernet sauce, paired with 2008 Meinklang Pinot Noir from Burgenland. I liked this halibut a lot, so much so that I missed taking a pic of it to share. The morels were a great ingredient in this dish, very woodsy and lending a good texture contrast to the soft fish. The pairing was well suited (mostly due to the morels I think). 5) Wagyu with sunchoke, watercress, pecorino, paired with 2006 La Spinneta Barbera from Piedmont. Umm...'Please sir, I want some more' a la Oliver Twist. Delectable. 6) Chocolate/almond/apricot/caramel, paired with a rare wine company serical Madeira from Portugal. I will remember the flavor of the chocolate for some time, it was creamy but not soft and had a slight saltiness to it that went perfectly with the other ingredients on the plate. I got a cute lil candle on the plate as this was an early birthday celebration dinner ^_^ Overall it was a delicious meal with well timed courses, great service, and perfect pairings (the beer/soup pairing was a nice surprise). The portions are very small as you can tell in the pictures, but the flavors pack a big punch (except for the salad - I wanted more oomph and mascarpone). Thanks to the keepsake menu, I was able to note the above detail of each course. This tasting menu meal was the perfect precursor to the rest of our evening...which included Bin 36, Wiener's Circle, and White Castle...yes, as the night wore on and more alcohol was consumed, our culinary tastes went straight to Munchieville.
