We wanted to try this place for a long time since it's just around the corner, so we dropped in on a weeknight. The service here on a Wednesday night was attentive and I love the fact gthat it's BYOB. However, it is heavy, heavy, heavy on the parts of American Italian cuisine that I really don't like--i.e. lots of raw garlic in everything and heavy red sauce on most items that gave me serious indigestion for the rest of the night. We started with the brushetta, sans mozzarella as we were both hoping for a lighter meal. It was okay, but lacking fresh basil and the overabundance of raw garlic wasn't doing it for me. I wanted something with lots of veggies, so I selected two apps: the sauteed mushrooms with wine and the eggplant with mozz. Unfortunately, both were smothered in a red sauce that had lots of raw garlic (not sauteed at all--clearly just stirred into the sauce) and both were oversalted and heavy. The house bread was soft, bland, and not crusty at all--clearly store bought, so it wasn't great to sop up the veggies as I'd hoped. My husband had homemade papardelle with an eggplant sauce. The eggplant were nice, but the sauce was again, full of that raw garlic. Maybe if we would've gotten a non-red sauce dish (i.e. one of the cream sauces), this would've been remedied, as their homemade pasta had a nice texture and flavor. But we aren't huge fans of heavy on the cheese and cream sauces. BTW--the portions here are HUGE, but pricey ($22 for a simple vegetarian pasta dish?), and they charge you $8 to split an entree. So, we left here having had an app and the equivalent of two veg entrees with no alcohol or dessert for over $60. Pretty pricey, if you ask me. Which all leads me to: who said that raw garlic = Italian? I don't know, unless you're lightly seasoning with raw garlic in an app or dressing. Raw garlic has no place in a cooked sauce! Or as a topping for bread (though rubbing a slice of toasted bread lightly with a garlic clove is a good idea)! No one does that in Italy--just ask Marcella Hazan (http://bit.ly/gKo14W): Q. What is the biggest mistake we still make in cooking Italian food? A. Too much garlic! Too much ruins everything. We say in Italy that what you keep out is as important as what you put in. Carol Mio--remember that: what you keep out is as important as what you put in. I'll be going elsewhere for Italian, or cooking my own at home.
