(To be clear, this review is about the service PRIOR to eating at the restaurant. This is NOT a review of the culinary experience).So, my partner and I had planned a trip to Chicago for our 10 year anniversary, and Alinea was suggested by several of our Chicago friends. I called American Express Platinum Service Concierge to make reservations about 10 weeks prior to our trip. We were informed by AMEX that they no longer shared a relationship with this restaurant and that we were to call the restaurant to understand how to make reservations. What?I went to the website, and was a bit confused. One had to buy tickets. But, there were no tickets to purchase, and the site offered no information as to when new tickets would become available. I decided to call the restaurant to see if they could help me understand how the reservation process worked. I didn't hear back. After about a week, I called back and left another message. Nothing. I called a third time inquiring about the reservation process and how it worked, and after 3 days, I received a return phone call basically telling me that I was to continue to visit the website daily to see when the new batch of tickets would become available. She was unable to tell me when they would be released. Sigh. Okay, I'll keep at it, bookmark the page, and rather frequently check the website to see if we could secure tickets. (At this stage, my partner was DONE; for him, this frustration was sucking the romance right out of our anniversary dinner. If staff was this unhelpful just to make a reservation, then, well, you get the drift). Then, miracles of miracles, I went to the website and saw tickets were available! Because I had already registered for an account, I quickly made the reservation and purchased the tickets (on my iPad, so I'm not sure if this is where things messed up...). I didn't get a confirmation, so called the restaurant to make sure that the reservations were secured. I called on Saturday. I didn't hear back until Monday. Nope. There were no reservations under my name. The tickets must have been purchased by another while I was entering my phone number, or something. Blech.Bottom line: we are so turned off of this place prior to even eating there (and I'm sure the experience is incredible) that we just don't see the value in going. Frankly, no restaurant should prove this difficult. Appears far too snooty or something for our taste. And, if the service before stepping foot into the restaurant appeared this unwelcoming, it doesn't set the stage for a romantic 10 year anniversary dinner. Too bad.
