Not a fan. I was back in town for a conference, and I have to say, the Sheraton did not impress me.  First off, the bed was uncomfortable. I felt like I was sinking, and my back hurt everytime I woke up in the bed. I had a better time sleeping on the loveseat (which I did one night).  Second, the gym is not included in your hotel fee. $12 for one time and $20 for the duration of your stay. Really? I have never been to a hotel where the gym was NOT included in the hotel fee.  Third, the 'complimentary' breakfast on the 33rd floor will actually cost you about $20 unless you're on floors 31-38, something you don't find out until AFTER you've gotten some food and sat down and the little hostess-lady comes out without saying a word to slip a tray with a ticket on it onto your table charging your room. There should've been signage or something by the food or upon entering the lounge cuz had I known I was going to pay $20 for a crappy bagel and some fruit, I would've gone out for breakfast at a real breakfast joint. Maybe that was the point.  Fourth, not one single person who worked at the hotel told us about the gym fees or breakfast or even offered these things were available in the first place. I feel things could've been better explained to us. Fifth, as the girls and I were getting ready to check out, we get a knock on the door from housekeeping asking us if she could come in to check our mini-fridge to see if we had taken anything. Um...no. That's unprofessional. Come back when we've checked out. While I'm on the topic of the mini-fridge, let me just say that it's waaayyyy too stocked with stuff. If you had gone out to eat and brought some leftovers (like we did), you'd have NO room to put it in the fridge to keep it fresh. Nevermind the fact that I could've taken some stuff out. There should've been at least SOME room in the fridge for stuff not already in there.  Sixth, the internet isn't free unless you go to the 33rd floor. This last one is just an extra complaint to add to the others that made the Sheraton less than an ideal place for me to stay. I mean, for all that we're paying, we could've gotten more amenities included and better service. I just didn't have the best time there, so I think the next time I'm in town and need to stay in a hotel, I'm gonna stay somewhere else.
