Similar to the below comments, a friend and I anxiously anticipated the opening of Rev Brew Co since we heard of them coming to the neighborhood. Besides, who couldn't resist checking out a place with their own Gonzo fist-like beer taps! We finally got in last night and it was a damn good experience. We were told an hour and 15 minute wait for a table which was fine because we were able to grab a beer at the bar. After enjoying a Eugene porter and an Iron Fist pale ale, respectably, and stepping out for a cig, we were escorted to our table. 45 minutes - not bad at all. So we had to try the Bacon Fat Popcorn, which seems gimmicky, but it was another reason we wanted to check the place out in the first place. It was alright and I recommend ordering it just for the experience. I also ordered the Cheddar Ale Soup because of fellow Yelper's reviews. Well that and I'm just partial to beer cheese soup. I must say, the soup was good. Thick, probably really high in sodium, but good. It would have gone great with like a sliced apple or something to cut the creamy, salty, cheesy goodness.For our entres I ordered the Flemish Beef Stew, again on the recommendation of others, and it was delicious. Probably one of the best stews I've had in Chicago. My friend ordered the Smokehouse Burger medium-rare and it came out perfect. I tried a bit of it and the pulled pork with pepper jack cheese was a great topping combination. I'm definitely going to get a burger the next time I'm in. The food was filling and tasty and my friend commented on how it was the first time he witnessed me eat everything as opposed to taking leftovers home in a to go box.The ambience and dcor of the restaurant itself was very warm and welcoming. The fireplace and open kitchen/ brewery were nice along with the whiskey, wine, or beer cask wood that makes up the wall on the south side of the bar. It does seem though as if Wicker Park has kind of snuck north up Milwaukee a bit. And I don't really quite mind as I didn't see any North Face coats last night. However it is gentrification at its best and along with the good food, beer, and atmosphere will come the masses and their UGGs.Still not too sure about the name Revolution Brewing Company. I read the about us history and there seems to be nothing extraordinarily revolutionary going on. No leftwing political agenda, not even a manifesto or the like that we've seen from a familiar looking red star'd brewery (Rogue). Maybe it's just a ploy to get all the bearded, utopian socialist Che fans that live in Logan and the surrounding areas to come out and spend an extra buck on some revolutionary yummy food and booze. Who knows? And whatever - I'm game.  All in all, the bartenders were quick to notice us and offer a beer list even though the bar was crowded 2 rows deep (seated customers and those hovering behind them). Our server was attentive, friendly, and quick. The food was tasty and priced accordingly. The beer was delicious even though I only drank the porter which was right up my alley. I highly recommend this joint for a date with your new bohemian proletariat girlfriend, dinner with your hipster - bike kid friends, or just for taking mom and dad out when they're in town so you can finally try the Hampshire-Duroc Pork Chop and get them to pay for it.See you again soon RBC!
