If there was only a 6th star to rate this amazing place. Let's start at the beginning: The ambiance is fantastic. You walk in and you feel like you are in someone's home. The complimentary coat check was unexpected and welcomed surprise. From there we met our friendly waiter who brought us over sweet pickles and homemade potato chips. Seeing as it was restaurant week, my two friends and I decided to dive face first into everything. We ordered the Bacon Cheddar Hush Puppies with the spicy dipping sauce. They were fantastic. So crunchy on the outside, yet soft and delicious on the inside. As I perused around the room I saw the amazing mac and cheese. I did not order it, but I definitely intend to on my next trip. It is served in a cast iron pan. As it was plated, it was so cheesy that the strings seemed to never end. It was finally time for the appetizers. I must have blacked out from the deliciousness of my meal because I can barely remember finishing it all. I have the BBQ flight and it was sensational. If you want an opportunity to taste everything Q has to offer, then you must order this. My friends ordered the Black Bean and Hominy Salad. And while it was delicious, there was just go much of it. It would have made a great side. The portions were so large that we did not know how we would make it through dinner. Up next: Kobe Brisket and your choice of a HUGE mount of cole slaw, crunchy delicious fries or wonderful smelling cornbread. I am not a fan of cornbread, but I could not deny how great it smelled! The Brisket was phenomenal. Period. Then came dessert. When they say Carrot Cake, they are not kidding you. I practically a piece of cake the size of a small child's birthday cake. The presentation was exquisite, the food was delicious. My friends chose the milk and cookies. It came with three generously sized cookies. One was a chocolate chip, one was an oatmeal and then the sugar came drizzled with a bourbon caramel glaze. Everything was just phenomenal. Go there, but do not plan on doing anything after. You will want to sleep and wake up to eat the rest of your leftovers.
