I just realized that I've been coming here almost every week for 16 years. I don't know whether the chef is still the same, but their steak burrito is still affordable ($6), huge and very tasty as it's always been. My wife usually gets shrimp a la Veracruzana (about $12), which is great if you like them spicy.  This place has been renovated last year and has new, much better bathrooms. It's clean and has friendly staff, very fast service, and the waiters will never give you "this is not my table" crap, so if you ask any of them for anything you need, it will be there soon. Our favorite waitress is Astrid, very dedicated and polite, always smiling. You can often see cops eat there, which is a definite sign of tasty and affordable food.  The two hidden jewels: 1. Best flan in Chicago! It's not very cheap ($3.50 per piece), but it's real and it tastes just like my mother's used to, no instant junk, and no cheese cake. It gets that non-industrial consistency, being darker with some bubbles trapped close to the edges and on the bottom. This is real stuff, made of real eggs.2. Their frozen margarita is unsurpassed by any other I've ever tasted in Chicago, if you like them like me, which is strong and freezing cold.  My little secret is to go there during the off hours just before dinner when there's barely anybody there, because by then the margarita machine has cooled everything close to the freezing point. Only this way you can get a margarita that can cause frequent brain freezes if you're not careful, the one the sticks so you can almost eat it like an ice-cream with the straw. I don't see a reason to order any but their regular frozen margaritas with them being this good. Their house tequila (used in these) is supposedly made by the owner's brother in Mexico, so be careful, because these things are made strong and since they're so tasty, even one of them can fool you into a blissful dizziness if you consume it too quickly while your stomach is still empty. I usually drive there, so I limit myself to no more than one per visit and I sip it quite slowly.The free chips is good, but the quality varies, best being right after they fry a new batch. The home-made red salsa served with it is medium to quite spicy and very good.  Their horchata is too sweet for my and my wife's taste.Last, but not least, it's very affordable, so tip them well, because they work much harder for their money than the waiters at fancy places with less tables but much higher prices.
