The Dude and I dragged getting dinner tonight and when we finally arrived at our favorite pho place, the line was out the door. Pregnancy hunger waits for no one. We had to come up with a Plan B. FAST. Before I ate the faces off of everyone around me. I remembered Sun Wah had reopened around the corner and even though we had dim sum just this morning, my Dude was kind enough to go with my suggestion of a second Chinese meal for the day. I used to get takeout from the old Sun Wah when I first moved to Andersonville (good lord... was that really 12 years ago?!) and vaguely recall going there with the family when I was a kid. But I haven't been in in years and was curious about the new space. It's really modern and open... so un-Chinese restaurant like! There are tons of tables so we were seated immediately. So, now that I've read the reviews and watched the duck cart go around, I'm getting it next time. But tonight we went in uninformed so we just ordered a small hot and sour soup, duck/roast pork combo over rice and a small hi moon Mai fun. The food came RIGHT away. Bless you, Sun Wah waitstaff. The small hot and sour soup is more than enough for two people. It's fresh and hot. Yum. The roast duck and pork and the Mai Fun arrived shortly there after. I liked the duck a lot but found some of the pork pieces to be UBER fatty. Now before I start getting hate mail, I'm aware that roast pork is supposed to be fatty, I've been eating it since I grew in my first teeth. But this was pretty fatty tonight. It happens so I'm not gonna hold it against Sun Wah. My favorite part about the roast pork/duck plate was that it was served with half a salted egg. I could seriously eat salted egg and rice all day long so I was jazzed. The Mai Fun was also delicious. My grandma's Chinese restaurant had a dish pretty similar to this back in the day that I've had badly done elsewhere... and this was just as good as Grandma made. Well... as good as her chefs made anyways. We were stuffed and had leftovers... and our bill was $17.00 exactly. My Dude remarked "Sh*t, this is almost cheaper than grocery shopping and making our own meals!". No kidding! We had ZERO issues with service. They were really attentive, we always had water and when we realized our meter was almost up and we had to hustle outta there, the waitstaff got our check to us quickly and boxed up our leftovers in a flash. We will most certainly be back! I'm bringing my Mom next time because she's been raving about a Peking Duck service she had in Singapore and I want to see how Sun Wah is in comparison.
