I would love to give you an accurate review of Wilde's food, but I can't. You see, despite having been to this place TWICE I have yet to eat anything there because BOTH times the service has been so awful I've been forced to walk out before I had a chance to order. The first time I attempted to eat here, I went in by myself on a weekday afternoon. I had the day off while most of my friends were working, and it was a gorgeous day, so I figured I'd treat myself to an outdoor lunch and beer. When I walked into the nearly empty place, the hostess/waitress told me to have a seat anywhere. I took my menu, sat down by the open window, perused it for awhile, made my choices, and waited for a server to come. I waited, and waited, and waited some more without so much as a glass of water. After ten or fifteen minutes I stood up and looked around for someone. I finally spotted a server all the way down at the end of the bar chatting with the bartender with her back to me. Annoyed, I gathered up my things and left. I didn't give up on Wilde forever after this, even though I should have. I chalked it up to one bad waitress and took my fianc back there the other night for a nightcap and an appetizer. This time when we walked in there was no hostess/waitress--just a sign that said "Please Seat Yourself." We did, and once again spent entirely too long looking for a server just so we could get some menus. When my fianc finally got up (after another ten or fifteen minute wait) and a waitress down, she haughtily stomped over, dropped some menus on our table, and said "So you're just getting drinks?"--she walked away in the middle of our answer to her oh-so-polite question. At that point I'd had enough and walked out AGAIN. From the two times I've seen the menu, the food looks decent, although there aren't many vegetarian options. I do love sweet potato fries and apparently Wilde has a great fries appetizer, but I won't be venturing in again just to read their menu for the third time. Life is short, spend your time at a restaurant where they actually serve you.
