My entire family has been dining at La Villa for years. We have celebrated two weddings and two baby showers in their banquet hall, and countless graduations and anniversaries. The food is old-school Italian and phenomenal. Come ready to eat because they serve mammoth portions. To begin with, they bring both pizza bread and regular bread & butter to each table. What comes next depends on what you order. If you order a pasta dish, you have the option of soup or a dinner salad before your main dish. But if you order a chicken or meat dish, you get soup, choice of potato or pasta, AND a salad bar plate, that allows you to visit the salad bar, which offers a very good and very fresh selection of standard salad items: lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, red onions, black olives, pickled artichokes, beets, cottage cheese, pasta and potato salad, garbanzos, croutons, like 8 different dressings, jello, peaches in syrup, etc. Given all the bread, soup and salad bar options, I never order an appetizer. It seems superfluous. However, I have had their bruschetta and it is always fresh and fabulous. So if you must, have that. ANY dish (chicken, beef, pasta, etc) can easily be split between two people. Personally, I don't share at La Villa because I like to take the leftovers home since it constitutes an entire meal the next day. I cannot stress their portion sizes enough so pace yourself. My favorite is Chicken A La Villa, which is a boneless chicken breast dipped in a light egg batter & cooked in a light wine sauce with mushrooms, onion, and garlic and topped with mozzarella cheese. A close second is their Veal Saltimbocca, which is as delicious as the one I had in Rome. They have an extensive wine list, which compliments their food offerings very nicely. If you have room for dessert, I strongly recommend their tiramisu. Don't even look at the other dessert items. This is THE best tiramisu. Moist but not too moist, flavorful, scrumptious. This is the ultimate comfort food and the decor only enhances the experience because it's dimly lit with lots of dark wood and very few windows all of which are usually shuttered so once you're inside it could be the hottest day of the year or there could be a blizzard and you couldn't even tell, which makes sense because once you're inside - it is all about the food.
