Last night was my third visit to Graham Elliot. The first was with clients/friends and it was wonderful and then I went back with friends, sitting at the bar having wine and selections of items from their Hot and Cold sections of the menu. Lynn their in-house mixologist diva and Jeff, the dapper and friendly manager, totally took care of us - and a "glass of wine to catch up" ended as a 2 1/2 hour session full of wine, yummy food, and a good natter.  Last night, a different group of friends and I arrived early - straight after work - and decided to sit out on the patio. I have to preface - whenever this group gets together- our cheeks end up hurting because of how much we laugh together. There is no such thing as an "inside voice" to be had between the four of us - so being outside, was good for all parties involved.  Our server was Jason and he was courteous, attentive, funny and really helped to set the stage for the entire evening - it was quite clear we were going to be a handful - but hopefully a fun one.  I chose a glass of rose (it was the first summer like day in quite a while) while my other diners each chose the specialty cocktails: the Blueberry Hill, Strawberry Fields (how did the creme continue to stay on top of the glass, even whilst being consumed) and another lovely drink, the name of which escapes me at the moment - but tasted like summer in a glass - both bright and fresh.  Needless to say, though my wine was lovely, I was a bit jealous.  Jeff, the manager, stopped by to say hello - remembering me from the time before - and ensured that we were well taken care of, and showcasing the care and hospitality that made me want to return.  As we discussed menu options, Jason approached, and proving that we are a handful (and even knowing that the menu had just been changed a few days before) we tested his menu knowledge with lots of "this or that?" questions - and he passed with flying colors: he highly suggested the caesar salad (and the bisque, but that was already decided upon) and the walleye, and as you will see, he was also a great salesman.  Our dining experience started with Chef's famous amuse - the foie gras mousse lollipop, with fleur de sel and "rimmed" with poprocks. It was the perfect combination of savory, salty, sweet and velvety texture was enhanced by the popping of the pop rocks.  Next, we were treated to this lovely sweet corn bisque - that had a garlic marshmallow (!!), a chipotle marmalade and corn nuts. After "completing" the dish by combining all of the elements - we were all impressed with the sweet corn flavor, accented by the heat of the chipotle and the crunch of the corn nuts Also taking care of our table was Jonathan - who was also delightful and attentive. Next, we had Chef's take on Caesar salad - a brioche twinkie filled with an herbed mascarpone, topped with a romaine heart dredged (?) in the anchovy garlic goodness that is their caesar dressing - and topped with white anchovies. I have never been one for anchovies - but these totally changed my mind about the little darlings I ordered the pine nut crusted sole served with polenta and sauteed swiss chard, served over brown butter and then topped with a raisin compote.  The sole was perfectly cooked, and when combining the fish, the crust, and the raisin compote - it was the perfect combination of buttery crust, sweet and rich raisins, with the flaky fish. Truly lovely. And, the polenta was perfectly prepared and the swiss chard provided a slightly bitter balance to the brown butter sauce. One of my friends had the halibut (which was moist and flavorful) with Israeli couscous (with zucchini) and caramelized fennel - really light and tasty. One other ordered the walleye (suggested by Jason) with artichokes, orange puree and a black olive "paint" on the bottom of the plate - once again, impressed with perfectly prepared fish. The other person at the table, couldn't decide between the halibut or the bison skirt steak and allowed Jason to pick for her - and she didn't know what was coming, until she received a different knife from the rest of us.  The bison was accompanied by baked beans, an onion ring, fresh chimichurri, and incorporated Sprekers root beer - which you could really taste and was, once again, cooked to perfection. Not quite finished, we decided to sample three of the four options: the deconstructed strawberry shortcake (the cake was so buttery and moist and dense, yet light all at the same time), the dark chocolate cake (rich and dense - with ice milk - a playful take on cookies and creme) and the darjeeling pana cotta - with both fresh raspberries and coulis and some sort of sorbet/gelato that was tart and sweet, and played off the silky texture and flavor of the pana cotta quite well. And though the music is not played on the patio - from my previous visits - Graham Elliot has the best playlist of any restaurant in Chicago. Graham Elliot is a keepe
