I had heard great things about this place, from it's rooftop garden and eco-cocktails to a great beer selection and bacon-wrapped meatloaf. I went there Saturday night, and I have never been so disappointed in my life, or gotten worse service. I know what it is like to work in a busy restaurant, as I have been a server for five years. However, this was pure incompetence on the server's part, compounded by the fact that it was not very busy at all. We were seated on the patio by the hostess, who said a server would be along shortly. So we waited. And waited. The busboy (the only employee who seemed capable of doing his job) refilled our waters twice. And still nothing. My friend had come from out of town, and I had come from work, and after a long day the both of us just wanted a drink and a little something to eat. Anyway. After about twenty minutes of waiting my friend had to get up and find a waitress. We should have just left, but the beer selection was so good and we both reeeaaalllyyy wanted to try the bacon-wrapped meatloaf. I figured the food and drinks would make up for the service. So we finally get the server to take our drink order. Then we wait. And wait. After ten minutes she came outside... with my friend's drink. She had forgotten what I ordered. At this point I was literally steaming. We almost left then, but years in the service industry forced me to stay and pay. Some guy came out and poured my martini in front of me - not only unnecessary, but the glass was not even close to full. If I am paying $10 for a drink, that I have been waiting for for almost 40 minutes, at least have the decency to give me my money's worth. Of course, by the time the waitress finally came back, they had switched to their late-night menu and we couldn't try the meatloaf, not that either of us really wanted to at this point anyway. We sucked our drinks down in record time, just wanting to get out of there - by this point we were both starving and wanted to go someplace decent. At least the girl brought our check quickly - only ten minutes of sitting with empty glasses! The highlight of the night was getting out of there. As we walked past the windows, I was prepared to forgive if I saw it was busy inside. Lets just say, if it had been even half full, I wouldn't have written this review.
