One of the worst places for service I've ever been to. The young staff exudes the entitlement generation attitude!! When we arrived we put our name in for a table of 4 and were told there would be an hour and a half wait...ok no biggie it was a Friday night, we expected that. We decided to sit at the bar and have a drink and order some appetizers since we were starving. The beer list is awesome and the appetizers/food menu looked great. We got our appetizers and started to eat when one of our friends went to have a smoke outside and my husband went to the restroom. Our appetizers arrived and we started to eat at the bar when the hostess came over and told us our table was ready. We're thinking Awesome that was quick...then she just sat there and stared at us, didn't even bother to help us bring over all the drinks and food... Didn't even ask the bus person to help us. REALLY???!! She pointed to our table and turned away! I couldn't believe it. Ok fine....she's too cool to help. The one good thing about our visit was my burger was delicious , the fries were perfect and the bacon fat popcorn was to die for. My friend ordered the Spring veggie salad as she wasn't very hungry. It stated it would come with asparagus, radishes, carrots and a green goddess dressing. It was the weakest salad I've ever seen. Literally 2 pieces of asparagus and 4 slices of radish, I didn't even notice the carrot....how hard is it to mess up a salad?? For $10 you could throw a few extra asparagus tips, come on! When my friend commented to the waitress, she politely said," I don't want a discount and I don't want to make a huge fuss but I need to say this... there was only 2 pieces of asparagus on my salad" , the server said" Well it's because the dressing is really expensive"...Again, REALLY?? OMG!! All you have to say is I'm sorry, I'll tell the chef...that's it! I'd go back again because most of the food we had was great but they really need to train their staff to not be snot-nosed hipsters!
