Annnnnnnnd Calo gets their 5th star. You know those restaurants that are just flat out workhorses? They're not high end, or affected and pretentious or trying to be everything to everyone (Yeah, I'm talking about YOU, Andies!). They've just been in the neighborhood forever, and have gone thru ups and downs, good and bad remodeling . . . they try really hard to please their customers. Comfortable surroundings, well prepared food, served by pleasant servers. Calo is one of these restaurants. It seems to have settled into it's comfortable, bistro/supper club groove, stopped remodeling finally, and is serving flat-out great dinners. We've already talked about the bar - it's a manly, dark wood upscale gentleman's club type affair and it just makes you feel swank to hang out there for a coupla cocktails. The food though. I revisited Calo last night, Saturday. First of all, it was PACKED, but the servers were working at top speed and it never became overwhelming. They were obviously rushed, but never compromised checking on us (we were a table of 22 chicks!!), removing empty dishes or pouring wine. The foccacia appetizer we had was yummy - fresh bread w/ sundried tomatoes, it tasted freshly baked. My entree. Just about better than sex. Just about (not quite, don't worry, xoxxo). Chilean Sea Bass. Yes, yes, I know . . . it's endangered, and I shouldn't be eating it, bla bla bla . . . why don't you also tell me that my girls are just as fetchingly displayed in a Playtex potboiler, as a delicious black European lace number? Come on! To wit: here's a boring chicken dish at an inferior restaurant: http://www.figleaves.com Perfectly nutritious, but wouldn't you rather have this?: http://www.figleaves.com Right. That's the appeal of the Chilean Sea Bass. It's naughty. It's delicious. It's sexy. It's the Agent Provacateur of fish. It's a guilty pleasure - and who doesn't love those? It's rich, it's satisfying - but it's fish! It's tender yet firm. Very firm. Oh, yes. Yum. I wanted to wallow on that bad boy Bass. Pull a blanket of Sea Bass over myself while I lounged in the delicious garlic mashed potatoes and chomped on the buttery green beans. I know that would have been a bit messy in the dining room, and I'd have probably been kicked out, but a girl can entertain kinky food fantasies while indulging in that SEA BASS, can't she? Everyone around me was pretty amused for the rest of that evening, as I went on and on about the delicious butterness of my entree. The only minor flaw was a slight sweetness to the sauce on the fish. It wasn't overdone, and as I had my way with . . er, consumed that fish and made it my own, I decided it was more gingery than sweet and therefore delicious. My good friend G was with me on this night, and her entree was delicious as well. She had some sort of cheese pasta dish . . . delicate little purses of pasta stuffed with CHEESE and wallowing on a buttery plate with a few peas included to make it have a semblance of healthy eating. But seriously, that Sea Bass had me at "Today's Special". And there was another rare occurance on this night. Usually I am completely averse to having a visible TV in a restaurant or bar. However, when the Olympics are on (read: Apollo Ohno in a skintight suit speed skating? OhYES!) I'm willing to allow a little TV watching. Verily, I'd probably even allow a TV in my bedroom during the Olympics. Wait, scratch that, it's enough that it's visible from my table - as we sat in the bar area this night. Yum, Calo!
