My experience at La Villa was awful. My family and I went to celebrate Fathers Day, and what I got was a very embarrassing experience. I felt humiliated to have my children witness such discrimination. The awful experience went like this. I arrived at la villas to enjoy what was supposed to be a good EXPERIENCE. well it went sour instantly. My family, Self, husband, 4 children=6, walked in and the hostess asked, how many? we replied six.... she says it would take a minute, pretty understandable. Shortly 2 min. later, another family walks in. The hostess asks them as well, how many people and as chance would play out, they also had a party of 6. Her reply is not to wait as we were instructed to do, but to, "come this way". My husband voiced to the hostess that we were there before them but we were asked to wait. She brushed us off than proceeded to lead the party towards the right side of the room, but since I already had an impending feeling as to what was going on, my husband and I arose, and followed the hostess instead of allowing the new customers to follow. As we were walking towards table, I tell the hostess why I'm pretty upset. Because I felt I was discriminated against, her response to me, and I quote her in her specific words, because they will forever ring in my head, "I was just trying to even out the room", I didn't understand what she meant until I walked into the dining area, and it was nothing but caucasian diners. I literally felt slapped. I didn't want to her to "win" at this point, so I sat down. The air was literally thick with uncomfort, not only I felt it. At this point we had totally lost our apetite, I actually felt sick to my stomach. Needless to say, we got up and left. If that was what I had to go through to be seated, I cannot imagine what it would take if I actually ordered. My husband called after we left, he got through to the restaurant manager, she apologized, even gave us vouchers to return. Thanks but no thanks. I could never return to a place where I'm not good enough to sit down. Thanks hostess, I didn't catch her name, but she was also caucasian, blonde, 5'5 maybe blue eyes. Sorry my brown hair and brown eyes offended your restaurant. My family used to order pizza from here for many yrs. Its sad to say this is how racism can be disruptive.
