Ahhhhh - VEGAN HEAVEN!!! The Chicago Diner takes the misconception that vegetarian/vegan food is "bland & boring" to rest. Their food is very flavorful & hearty. Definitely yummy veggie comfort food. The Diner has such a vast menu, which is soooo refreshing for me as a vegan, since at most restaurants, I'm lucky if I can find a handful (if even) of food options to eat. If anything, at the Chicago Diner, It's actually hard to select something to eat here - but - that's not a complaint! More like, can I get one of everything please? ;) And, even meat eaters will not feel left out. I've dined here many times with some of my militant carnivore friends, and even they have wound up loving the food from here - including foods they may not have tried otherwise. I've been going to this restaurant since the late 80's - early 90's & have remained a devoted fan of this place ever since. I cannot express enough what a pleasure it is as a vegan to have so many great choices to choose from on their menu. Although I usually order the same thing every time - my favorite being the "Tofu Scramble Jubilee". I have actually overheard strangers on the street talking about how much they love that dish - and I chimed in to agree. It's *that* good. Although since I initially drafted this review - I heard they took that off the menu (* insert Ferris Bueller-esque "Nooooooooo"... echo* ;) But other favorites dishes there of mine are their vegan nachos (and the portions are large enough to share with a friend) veggie chili, various soups... And for desserts - their vegan Chocolate Raspberry cake & Blueberry Muffins are to die for! Dang, I'm getting hungry just writing about it. Also, they have great drinks. In particular, I love their blueberry margaritas, which are sweet, very fresh & refreshing. But - they are quite strong. They don't skimp out on the alcohol - so that is always a plus as you're getting your money's worth (unlike most tradional bars) But - as a heads up - these margaritas are very potent (well - from what I recall anyway, after stumbling out of there a couple times. lol :) The actual diner itself is on the small size and tends to be rather busy, especially on the weekends, where it gets even more loud & cramped. I prefer to be seated in the booths - as it is more intimate/private - yet with more room - unlike the tables in the middle where you can wind up dining with complete strangers - or get bumped into all the time. So - I wait til a booth opens up. Or - sit in the back in their patio section - which is nice when the weather permits. The main con however is the service in general. The wait staff tends to be inattentive. I have felt ignored waiting to be seated and the food can take awhile too. Sometimes even just to get a glass of water before you order your food. However, it's not like that all the time, and the past couple times I've been there, the service was better & friendlier. Overall, the food is definitely worth it - delicious, filling, healthy comfort food. And, there is something for *everyone* there to eat... for vegans, vegetarians & carnivores alike - we can *all* get along at the Chicago Diner ;) Pros: Great tasting food, Healthy dishes, Huge diverse menu Cons: Poor service, Long waits , Loud and cramped place
