Wow, oh wow!! Everyone talks about how good this place is and this is the 3rd attempt to actually make it in the door for me and I finally waited it out. The line on this place is always out the door and the first two times I went, the people at the front of the line said they had been waiting 2 hours. I had to come up with some kind of strategy to semi-avoid this line. I took Friday off work and went in a post lunch time, in turn only being in a 30 minute line. The line is long partly due to you will have a seat waiting for you moments after you place your order. They know what they are doing so you can sit and enjoy your food when you are done. CASH ONLY! Don't forget your CASH because it would be a little sad waiting all that time and not getting any food! Also it is for LUNCH ONLY as they close at 4PM everyday and NOT OPEN ON SUNDAY! Each day this place has gourmet specials and they are posted on their website each day; around ten each day. I recommend getting one of these specials and a corn dog to complement it. The corn dog is fresh dipped and steaming hot! The hot dog special I got was a Jalapeno & Cheese filled beef dog that was topped with Jalapeno Bacon, Jalapeno Mayo, Pinto Beans, Tomato and Onion. This was a piece out of heaven and I have never had ANYTHING close to as good of a hot dog as that. They don't stop at beef dogs either they go to deer, alligator, bison and more! Honestly, I wanted to sit there like a buffet all day. Friday and Saturday are also the only two days that have the notorious Duck Fat fries so I had to try them out. Yes, they are good. Life changing, no. So don't cry over no duck fat fries on other days of the week, you will be just fine! The hot dogs are really where it is at. For years, I have wanted to go to this place as it has always been talk of the town as well as been on multiple TV shows. I reserve my five star reviews for something that blows me away and this sure did it. I am heading back again this weekend! I am just scared for the winter when I have to wait out in the cold. Hey Doug, do you have VIP line passes available for sale??
