I thought this restaurant was going to be good considering the two great restaurants before it (Thyme and Timo). We got to the restaurant about a half hour before our reservation and it didnt seem too packed, even though the bar/reception area is tiny. We went to the bar and asked for two different glasses of red wine. They were out of one of the glasses we requested, so we selected a different one. 5 minutes later and they were out of the next bottle as well. Oooook, didnt this restaurant just open up? So my boyfriend asked the bartender, Ok why dont you just tell me what you do have and we will start from there. She promised everything else was available, so we selected another glass. That was out too. This was extremely irritating, I just wanted my glass of wine. Is that too much to ask?By the time they found two different glasses of wine, our table was ready. We opted to sit inside because it was slightly windy outside. We waited about 20 minutes before our waiter finally showed up. We ordered a bottle of wine and 10 minutes later, voila he returns, telling us once again, they did not have that wine in stock. This was starting to get really annoying and I seriously considered leaving to go to La Scarola (which is amazing and right across the street). He came back another 10 minutes later and got our next bottle selection and thank goodness, they had it. The waiter then proceeded to apologize in advance for the service, which was nice of him to do. We placed our orders (the pear salad, mozzerella procuitto for appetizers, spicy pasta for the bf, beef - the only one they have - for me). We got our appetizers, and obviously they brought out the wrong procuitto, so we had to wait 10 minutes before someone came and brought out the correct one. As for the salads, they brought the salad out but no plates to split it with even though we had gone out of our way to tell them we would be splitting it (like everyone else around us had). By the time we got the plates, we were already done with our salads. The main course was ok. The pasta tasted like something I can make at home, the beef was very tender but dry - how thats possible is beyond me. Noone checked to see if we were ok or if we wanted any pepper or anything. The waiter finally showed up another 35 minutes later to take our dishes away and then apologized and shrugged his shoulders and said ayy what can I do. This was one of the worst restaurants, honestly. Especially in Chicago where there are so many great restaurants, particularly Italian restaurants. Its a shame too because the actual restaurant is really pretty and the patio is beautiful.
