Valet parking is almost a necessity...and at just 5 bucks, pretty affordable. I love the space...the decor in the dining room and the whole vibe is very cool and exciting. We went on a Friday evening, and the bar was quite full with trendy, attractive looking urban professionals. They were having fun, but the mood wasn't racous. As far as dress code...I saw a lot of jeans and sandals, but no t-shirts. Khakis and a dress shirt works fine, and go even dressier if you care to, it would work just great for a date. OK, the food: My wife is from Nicaragua, so she knows latin food, and she is a credible and authoritative judge of Latin cuisine, and her bottom line was "It's good, but it doesn't blow me away." We started with the Ropa Vieja ("Old Clothes") Sweet plantains, braised beef, spicy mayo, and queso fresco. I thought these were quite good, and I thought for an appetiser, the portion was generous and was a good value. My wife thought they were just ok. By the way, she ordered a Sangria, which I tasted and I thought it was pretty darn good. I could easily have a pitcher of those on a Summer afternoon. Entrees: She had the Costilla De Res (Braised short rib, mash potatoes, corn and peanut salsa). Again, she thought it was just ok. Not bad, but not great either. I took a taste and I thought it was a little on the sweet side for my liking. I had the Churrasco (Nicaraguan style wood-grilled beef tenderloin, malanga goat cheese puree, arugula chimichurri, spicy beet salsa). My wife (remember, she is from Managua, Nicaragua) said "They don't serve steak that way in Nicaragua." So, authentic, it probably wasn't. But taste wise, I enjoyed it. The steak was a nice cut of beef, very tender, although not cooked medium as ordered. It was more medium rare...however, it was tasty. Less so was the 'arugula chimichurri', which was a bright green puree, and it tasted very 'green' and bitter. A traditional chimichurri would have been much more advisable. The goat cheese potatoes were interesting, but after a few bites, I felt they tasted a little too 'gamey'. The beet salsa was a nice accent, although little more than ten marinated diced beet cubes. Dinner for two, with one Sangria, one appetizer and two entrees came to 90.00. Over all, I enjoyed the experience; the space and ambiance makes up for the small deficiencies in the food. I'd like to try the Wine Tasting in the bar with the small plates. We'll be back for Mother's Day.
