I'm so disappointed to say that I was tremendously underwhelmed by The Publican. I'd been being goaded and ribbed for months because I hadn't had the chance to go, and when a friend asked if I'd like to join her group for dinner last night I leapt at the chance. Here were my impressions from start to finish: 1. The valet out front was jumbled with the place next door and generally disorganized. 2. We were seated immediately, which was great! The bathrooms were cool and I liked the layout and design of the place. 3. The busser was distracted and over-filled one of the water glasses, flooding the table and getting water all over one of my friends. There was no acknowledgement, much less an apology. 4. Our server apologized; he was very knowledgeable and he seemed to actually LIKE what he was selling and gave very good descriptions of the menu items and specifically recommended the fries with the egg and the shaved truffles. 5. ...which was great, because three other dishes we'd wanted were 86'd. At 9:30 on a Saturday night. 6. One of my dining companions is a self-professed wine nerd and scoffed at the organization - or lack thereof, apparently - of the wine menu. I'd kind of thought we'd be having beer, as I'd heard they have a tremendous selection and can offer good pairings, but he was the designated wine chooser and I went along. I thought the wines he chose were delicious, so they do have good wines. 7. The food came and it was...odd. We'd ordered a radish dish that was essentially a mound of whipped butter with salt and a small handful of really small radishes. The oysters were delicious, I'm told, but the hamachi plate was oddly - disconcertingly - fishy. 8. The fries/egg/truffles dish came and visually, it was amazing. They were VERY generous with the truffles; as they should be, as the dish goes up by $24 with their addition. We'd gotten this order specifically upon the server's recommendation, so imagine our dismay when we went to stab the yolks for dribbly golden goodness only to find that they'd overcooked them. Horribly. They were over-hard instead of a lovely, gooey sunny-side up. One of my companions suggested that maybe that was how it was supposed to be (which would not make sense, in my opinon), but when our server came we asked and he'd said the eggs were supposed to be runny and he graciously offered to send out a replacement plate, even though we'd eaten the first one because we were hungry. The replacement plate, unsurprisingly, came without the truffles, which made me chuckle. 9. The farm chicken is SO GOOD. It's moist and flavorful, if a touch heavy on the oregano. The spicy pork rinds were CRACK, I tell you. The porchetta was gorgeous, as was the pork belly. The ribeye was perfect; nice and red and juicy. 10. Aforementioned busser returned to collect some plates and he misunderstood that one of my companions was asking to keep a plate that he wasn't quite finished with. So when he picked it up and walked away and my friend asked him if he'd please return the plate with the fries, the busser walked back the few steps to the table, fairly flung the dish down and HISSED at my friend, "You don't respect me!" This was...appalling. I was a server for 8 years; part of the job is not taking any perceived slight personally, and definitely not acting upon it and/or lashing out at a customer. The busser never returned to our table, but shot us daggers from the nearby tables - really! I saw him and looked over because another one of us at the table said he was giving us the death glare and he was! We are not problem diners, I promise. We weren't loud or fussy, we didn't require anything out of the ordinary and we were all really looking forward to this dinner. But between the busser and the bi-polar food, I'm in no hurry to return to The Publican. Edited to add: I should mention that our server gave us some after-dinner digestifs, which were delicious. There was a creamy limoncello and a bitter drink which was made perfectly. They were appreciated.
