What is wrong with these people reviewing this place on here? Oh I know...it's not in Wicker Park or Bucktown because if it was you'd totally give it 5 stars. Oh no you have to come downtown and walk from the blue line or the milwaukee bus...tears. No wonder Graham Elliot doesn't like yelpers. Maybe he will change his mind after reading my review. If you are single and ready to mingle you should pm me and we can go out on a hot date...because you are perfect. Your skills as a chef are incredible - your dishes made me try a lot of things I didn't think I would like but did (or maybe it was the booze haha), you aren't pretentious and you listen to the same music I do. Turn those beats back up in your restaurant, GE. Don't listen to old man Phil Vettel. Tell him to go buy some earplugs or go eat in the silence of his own home. So I came here for my birthday on 10/28 (a Tuesday) around 8pm. We got a table without reservations, but they were definitely crowded and I know we would have had to wait if we went earlier. I noticed the fall theme right away, from the aroma of the hot cider at the front desk to the orange, yellow and red lights to the pumpkins in the light boxes. The menu was very fall themed as well - apples, pumpkin, red wine, maple, etc. We started off with the GE caesar salad, and it was the first time I ever ate an anchovy. I was terrified because I though it would be this super-salty, fishy nastiness but I tried it and said "tastes like the dressing". That's a good thing because I liked the dressing and liked those parmesan brioche croutons even more. We asked for the foie-lipops too. Another thing I have never eaten and was scared to try, as I know what it is and the thought of fatty goose liver makes me nauseous. Well, it just looked like a round grey circle on a stick with watermelon pop-rocks on it, and it's definitely a very unique textural experience. Foie gras, to me, is like buttercream frosting with no flavor, but the pop rocks give it flavor and cleans your palate. Very cool. Would I pay to order foie gras again? No. Did I enjoy the experience? Yes. The server also brought us out a little palate-cleanser of sorts - a drink called "bobbing for apples" that was the cider with apple brandy, pieces of apples and I think some other booze in a little espresso cup. Very good. This was in addition to the greatest drink ever that I had - Indian Summer. I am OBSESSED with St Germain elderflower liqueur and won't let myself buy it for my house because I will become an alcoholic for sure. This was St Germain with applejack, apple cider and pineapple sage (which doesn't taste like sage but actually tastes like pineapples). I can't explain how it tastes. Refreshing and floral maybe? Just phenomenal. Then the first course came out - I ordered red wine risotto with homemade sausage meat (braised pork) encased in seared calamari, with garlic and pecorino romano. The "sausage" was one of the best things I have ever eaten, and the pecorino played off the risotto so well. My friend had the sweetbreads (which I have always thought tasted like potato pierogi because I am weird) with apples and turnips. They were really good too. SInce we told them it was my birthday and my friend kept talking about how he's in the industry (he works at Vermilion) they hooked us up with a glass of red wine that paired perfectly with these courses. Then the main course: I didn't even have to look any further on the menu once I saw maple-glazed sea scallops with jim beam bourbon emulsion, butternut squash, steel-cut oatmeal and swiss chard. It was just phenomenal. Different textures, the flavors of fall, amazing. My friend's "deconstrcted reuben" was great too - the lamb tenderloin was so tender. I forgot about the garlic popcorn...that was good too. Like eating bread dipped in olive oil and garlic but healthier. So at this point I am defeated. I never ever get full in these kind of restaurants but I was done...but I couldn't leave without pumpkin creme brulee. So I forced down (ok not forced but expanded my stomach) pumpkin creme brulee with a nutmeg sauce that was incredible, homemade ginger cookies and muscovado cream). Delicious. I left full, happy, pretty buzzed and with a free container of caramel corn that tasted like pumpkin pie. It gets better...we leave and who is waiting at the door to see us out? None other than the man himself, Graham Elliot Bowles. I was so excited I didn't know what to say, so I told him these exact words: "The food was amazing...and the music! Hot Chip, The Postal Service, Vampire Weekend...I think you stole my iPod!" to which he smiled and responded, "actually, that is my ipod playing the music". AWESOME taste my friend. I had a really really bad couple of weeks. Work sucked, my friends suck for not going out on my birthday, my parents suck for not even sending me a card, the guy I was dating disappeared into thin air...but this meal made up for it. Thanks Graham Elliot!
