Wow, its just ok. I only went to this place on weekends. Everytime I went I was also with a big group.  Usually we have to wait - over an hour! This place is so busy. i get squished a lot. At first the host people seem kind of weird and mean, but then they are really nice, because before they are stressed out.  I think the beer is ok. the pizza is pretty good. Wow, this pizza is huge! don't believe them when they say a large pizza feeds 3-5 people because unless you are dying of hunger, actually it can feed more. Everytime we forget and then we get a large pizza and we have left overs. I think a large pizza can feed like 5-7 even. I have a big stomach and i can't eat all this pizza.  I usually go with the same friends and we always get similar pizza each time. One time we went and they made us the wrong sauce on the pizza. We had ordered a different sauce. But then they were really nice and the manager came over and apologised in person and comped our pizza! that was a good thing to do. They usually have live music. its pretty good except it is loud. then you can't talk to your friends. i would like this place more if it weren't so busy! my friends need to pick a new night to go to this place. *edit* once again my friends decided to go to piece on the busiest night in the world. ok, i don't mind. i think i recommend to not go with so many people. they said the wait was 1 hour 45 minutes for 7 people. but i swear the host guy remembered me. aaaaww, you're so cute. but then we left and went somewhere else. i would probably like this place more if i went with less friends :) sorry friends. *ok, one time i went much later and it wasn't so crowded (like 1am) and then they had live karaoke. this is where enthusiastic people of varying degrees of talent sing with a live band. they give you the words, and will sing along with you if you are confused. and the crowd seems to prefer the upbeat tunes so you don't have to listed to some jerk sing desperado...for the third time.*
