Let me start by saying I might be biased towards this place as I live in a high rise across the street. That being said, I've shopped and eaten at Fox & Obel nearly a hundred times and I don't think I've ever had a bad experience. As a market I'd say F&O is as good, if not better than you're local Whole Foods. The only downside would be that the selection is much smaller due its size. However I often find myself going here to get produce because it's often cheaper than the Dominick's down the street. The meat and seafood always taste amazing no matter how I prepare it. Last summer I bought and grilled freshly ground dry-aged steak (reasonably priced) that may have been one of the best burgers I've ever had. The bakery offers fantastic fresh-baked breads for a couple bucks a loaf and the desserts also make for a nice treat. Sometimes I'll try preheating a meal from the coolers in the deli, and although it's not the cheapest, this is not your average deli. You can get sezchuan chicken or marinated salmon and it all tastes great (even after reheating). I also recommend trying any of the fresh pre-made foods in the grocery coolers, like their pico di gallo, soups, or homemade fresh pasta. And even if you come here and don't buy anything, you'll still want to write a review about how great this place smells.  As an added benefit, the staff is always super nice and very knowledgeable. When I was shopping late one night (they're open until 12am), one guy working behind the deli helped me find muffins in the bakery and then came with me to the wine section to help me find a good Malbec. Definitely good service. On the other end of the store is the caf where all of the meals are made from the fresh ingredients in the market. If you go during peak hours, be prepared to wait. I don't eat here too often because a decent meal will cost you at least $15, but I love all of their breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Some people say the food can be a little greasy but there are definitely options on the healthier side. I recommend the steak salad. The eggs benedict, paninis, and even the burger are also favorites. I love the coffee here (they're house cup is a blend from Intelligentsia) and they recently introduced an additional coffee bar back in the market. If you ever go to the caf for breakfast or lunch, sneak back through the market to the atrium where they have a nice sunny view of the Ogden slip. I believe you can also place your order in the atrium and it's always less crowded than the caf, especially on weekends. One other tip: the caf does make their food to go but in my opinion it's not as rewarding if you can't enjoy the large portions out of their overly sized glass dishware. Also, F&O recently started offering "brown box" meals in both the market and cafe where you can get a quick breakfast, lunch, or dinner for less than the price of a full meal in the caf. The portions aren't as large but it's definitely a good option when the only other cheap eats in the neighborhood are provided by Subway. As if this place didn't already have enough options, at night they turn the atrium into a wine bar where they offer decently priced pairings of wine and small plates. I have yet to go but I've read good reviews and I'd expect nothing less considering the quality of everything else in the store. I always wonder what I'm going to do when I move away from this place and can no longer make a quick 5 minute trip to F&O. And I'd be lying if I said I've never asked for F&O gift cards for Christmas. Yes, I can see why some people might say the overall quality of the store has declined since they opened nearly 10 years ago. However I'd say they're still top notch, and the best you're going to find in the area.
