Party of six with two newbies tagging along... I got the Yelp Deal to try this place out. Made reservations and the table was waiting for us Sunday night Labor Day weekend and we were seated right away, at least the four out of six. The decor was nice and very representative of Ethiopian art. The walls were decorated with painting and a few statues.  The waitress took our drink orders right away and patiently waited for the missing couple for over a half hour to arrive. I ordered the Ethiopian Honey Wine. It was a little on the sweet side but one glass was good enough.  As the missing couple indicated they were closer to arriving we ordered an app because the rest of us were starving. We ordered the Appetizer Messob-beef, chicken, tuna, vegetarian and spinach sambussa paired with ambasha. Great choice and love the cheese and hot sauce it was served with as well as the special bread, kinda sweet, I would say close to a corn bread taste and texture but clearly different. I would recommend this to anyone.  We were ready to order our main dishes so my BF and I ordered ours and I didn't pay much attention to what others got because ours was the perfect combo... be aware that when you order a main meat dish it comes with a veggie side... I ordered the usual as I always get at all Ethiopian restaurants as it's my favorite and I don't want to stray. I got the Doro Wot (spicy)-two chicken drumsticks marinated in lemon then stewed in a delicious berberesauce with onions, garlic and ginger root, served with hardboiled egg and home-made cottage cheese with a veggie side of the Ye-Misir Wot (spicy)-split red lentil stewed in our rich berbere sauce with onions, garlic and ginger. This was so good mixed in with my BF's order of the Derek Tibs-savory lamb chunks dry-fried with onions, sliced jalapeos and especial seasoning and his veggie of Quosta-chopped spinach cooked with onions, garlic and ginger. I would order this same combo over and over again not to mention the injera- the sponge like tortillas served as the bedding of the plate as well as additional ones to scoop up all the yuminess of the plate. I wish we could have taken the left overs home but we didn't have a place to store them.   We skipped dessert because we were way beyond full but I am a happy customer. I can see myself returning for another great meal. Downfall- I ordered a glass of wine as we received our dinner but didn't receive it until I was practically done and because I was so full from the meal, that my friend had to help me finish it. Overall the service was good and they were on top of refilling our waters but not so quick on the draw picking up our plates from apps and when our meals came they scrambled to make room.  When we got there it wasn't busy but closer as the night went on the place was packed! Good for them, I always see that as a good sign!
