A tad expensive for an order-at-the-counter place, but everything we ordered seemed to have been prepared with care, which showed when we bit into our tortas ($9.50 each) and churros ($3 for 3), as well as when we sipped the bean-to-cup Aztec hot chocolate ($2.50) and hibiscus + lemongrass agua fresca ($2.50). When we first walked in, a host asked if we were intending to dine in or take out, and after we answered "dine in," he handed us a table number and promised that we'd have seats at a counter ready by the time we were done ordering. He probably knew that he could keep his promise because a seemingly clueless group of 15 gals was in front of us, which was our bad luck. But I would have appreciated some more coaching by the staff to get them to finish ordering so as not to further irritate the guests behind them. (There was quite a line upon and after our arrival at 7:30pm on a weeknight.) We finally placed our order at 8:00pm, accepted our agua fresca, grabbed a few glasses of water (two still and one sparkling), and had our host show us to our counter seats. The hibiscus + lemongrass agua fresca was much too sweet for my taste, but the flavor was quite nice. The churros and hot chocolate came out next, both of which were delicious. But how could anyone possibly make bad churros when they are coated in sugar, cinnamon, and bits of chocolate? You could see a layer of cocoa bean oil still resting on top of the mug of hot chocolate, which is a welcome sight to see. The Aztec hot chocolate was not as spicy as I would have liked, but I enjoyed it nonetheless. The tortas (one mole and one veggie) made their entrance last. The restaurant was accommodating to my vegan requirements, so the veggie torta came sans goat cheese and pork-lard black beans and instead had bonus arugula and mushrooms. It felt like I was eating an interior Mexican panino, which is a compliment since I'm a huge fan of panini. My parents seemed to enjoy their pork mole torta, as well. The verdict: Expect a long, but mostly fast-moving line. The wait is worth it if you indulge in the hot chocolate and churros. And the tortas are quite nice, too!
