My mama used to make cheap cuts of meat for us. It was kind of an homage to her own childhood which was filled with some "Spartan" living. That's a nice way of putting that my grandfather really didn't see the need to provide proper food for meals more than maybe once or twice a week despite having the means and the access to decent food. He would go out and hunt squirrel and raccoon and snake and all sorts of odd stuff, bring it home, and request that the girls (his wife and four daughters) do something with it. Needless to say, when there was some part of an animal that wasn't odd to find in a normal American grocery store, my mother was quite happy. Pork necks was one of her favorite things, I guess because on the one hand it was still an incredibly cheap cut of meat and so she didn't feel guilty about having it, but at the same time it was pork and not snake or squirrel or raccoon. Fast forward a bit and my mother's love of pork necks lived strong into her adult lift and on into marriage and motherhood. To put it bluntly, pork necks became something my father loathed. He was usually not a picky eater, but this was one item he openly spoke out against, only allowing my mother to make it once in a blue moon. In his defense, the way my mother made it was a bit of an acquired taste. The only thing I could compare it to was a soup I have had at a famous Chinese restaurant in Chinatown (http://www.yelp.com/biz/) with "sour pork." Basically she would slow cook it with a bunch of tart Bavarian-style sauerkraut and we would be left to pick the meat off of the bones and eat the whole vinegary mess with a couple pieces of white bread while we all sat around talking about how we are spoiled now days with our prepackaged chicken and our Stove Top stuffing and not having to kill our own food and so forth... I was so happy to try the special "smear" for the day we went to the Purple Pig. As soon as I heard it was made of pork neck meat, I knew it would positively change my perception of just how good it could be! It did too. Made with a tomato-based sauce, it was slow cooked and shredded nicely, and mixed together with some riccotta. Used to spread over some freshly buttered and toasted bread and it is such a nice way to start a meal filled with wine and other beautifully executed servings. It was so good it made me want to slap my mama! OK- not at all, because that phrase is pretty stupid. It did however give me further appreciation to the old way of creating something good out of those "nasty bits." Everything else was very good, with notables being the mortadella smear, the butternut squash with sunflower seads and crisped sage, and the faro and riccotta was a great alternative to rice pudding (and the size and texture of the faro I now prefer). Impressive selection of wine, including quite a few by the glass, 1/4 liter, and 1/2 bottle. Many affordable options too. I don't see too many people having a problem with the food here. It is oddly familiar, though in my case much better than how I remember it to be.
