Had an absolutely wonderful time at Carnivale this weekend! My husband and I went here for restaurant week - I was enticed by the Yelp reviews as well as the lively, colorful pictures of their restaurant. You can see the restaurant from far away because it's in a huge building. It looks like it pretty much occupies an entire block! When we walked-in, I was impressed by the decor and the service that we got. There's complimentary coat check and multiple Maitre D's waiting to check us in - it kind of looked like a hotel check-in counter. We had reservations at 5:30 and we were seated promptly. Our server was also very helpful. Since it was our first time, she explained to us the theme of the restaurant as well as all sections of their menu. She also gave us excellent drinks, appetizers and main dishes recommendations. We decided since restaurant week started, that we want the prix-fixe menu, but, one of the appetizers that she mentioned sounded really good, so we added that to our order. We had: Black Currant Mojito - Hands down the best mojito that I've ever had. I could barely taste the alcohol, but definitely felt it within a few sips. They also used cane sugar, which I think made it even more flavorful. Escolar Ceviche - Extremely delicious! There were only 5 pieces of fish, which was surprising because I'm used to ceviche being served in a bowl with chopped onion, cilantro etc. However, the fish was so soft and the sauce it came with: lemon, thyme, coriander and habanero puree were to die for! It complimented the fish really well. Potato soup - also delicious. I really liked the queso fresco in the soup. Moqueca - I forgot the white fish that they used, but it was really soft and fresh. The mussels and calamari were also cooked perfectly and I can taste how fresh they were! One of my pet-peeves is overcooked mussels because they get really rubbery, but they weren't like that. The curry sauce was also delicious - it didn't overpower the dish and I can still taste the flavor of the seafood itself. Pork Adobo - my husband had this and he really enjoyed it. I thought it was a little dry, but I only had a few bites. Tres Leches - By the time we reached the dessert course, we were already full! The cake was spongy and wet. I'm not sure if that's how it's supposed to be, but the flavor was really good and we enjoyed it. We'd definitely go back to Carnivale. Though, if it's not restaurant week, I think it can get a little pricey.
