Truly, I would give Sprout 4.5 stars. I just went for a birthday dinner date on Saturday and had a fantastic experience! The atmosphere is romantic, modern, simple, warmly-lit, and most of all, completely unpretentious. And that's the theme running through this restaurant. It's chic. It's beautiful. But the food does the talking. You may show up in a nice jeans outfit, or you may go all out in dressy attire. No one need feel they must dress to the nines. That is by no means to say that it is easy on the wallet or not an upscale establishment. The pricing is going to run about $100 per person by the end of the evening (if you go for the 3 course prix fixe, have drinks, plus tip). You may order items a la carte, but I feel that if you're going to visit Sprout, you may as well do it up and enjoy your experience to the fullest. Do the prix fixe! The menu is playful and has many choices. You basically choose the headliner protein listed and then the 3 or 4 flavors that compose each dish are listed underneath. You may certainly ask your server what EXACTLY you will be receiving if you feel you need to, but to me there is something fun and exciting about letting a great chef do their job and me experiencing new things. That's what fine dining is all about. For instance, the first course I ordered was the scallop. I haven't had a scallop in years, due to a bad experience a while back. But I thought I'd take the plunge, because if there were ever a time to try them again--it's now. And I did. And that scallop dish was A-mazing. Perfect. Loved it. For the second course I had the steak, and the third, I had a strawberry rhubarb dessert. You will also receive 2 intermezzo courses as well. We were given a wonderful little cup of potato leek soup and delicious grilled cheese with granny smith apple. Almost everything was outstanding, creative, and most of all--tasted fantastic. The only thing I wasn't wowed by was my rhubarb dessert. It was served on a little waffle (which sounds great), but just ended-up a soggy mess. Other than that--wonderful meal. The servers are attentive, but not overwhelmingly so. This is truly a great restaurant. Give it a try!
