I'm giving this 3 stars for the food, hooray Chefs, you good, so good. And the Bartendars too. All of the food I've had so far has been seriously happy goodness, but I tell friends to go elsewhere so they don't have to deal with hunting for a flustered and apathetic server. Enough already! Get it together. Train your staff to deal with a busy night with some grace. Period. I ordered curried mussels the last time I was here and Boy ordered some veggie crap. As an appetizer, I thought it was a decent size for an entree so I super happy on that aspect. Not too hot but spicy fun with a nice flavorful broth, and the mussels were tender. But I had one problem...my unhappy, 'I'm working in hell and why don't you hurry up and eat and get the f*%# out' Server. Maybe I'm spoiled for when I was abroad, but you come to America and I swear in some of the nicest places or even the places that should 'TRY'-the service just goes to shit.  The appetizer didn't come with enough bread in my opinion for the goodliness act of 'sopping' up. So I asked for more bread, assuming I would get the garlic bread, instead I got grain bread which was good, but it was too dense and mealy. Since it was so busy, by the time my server came back, my mussels were too cold for any extra garlic bread and I was done, but I did ask her if she had the other bread and she said it would cost more money in this matter of fact way and the bread she gave me was free, pretty much a "uh shut up and eat it response, I gotta get to other tables". Um...I speak the English language quite fluently, thank you. Do you think maybe she could have bothered to ask me...hey...'sweet thang, you want more of that garlic bread? Why sure, but I'll have to charge you for it, is that okay? If not I can bring you our house bread but it's not the same. You tell me what you want and I'll get it for you." Is that hard to do? And on top of it...the Busser was pretty much our server all evening...water refills, taking our plates away, condiment extra, cocktail and beer extra, yeah, he took our order to another Server, who got our drinks. And he was doing this for the WHOLE RESTAURANT! I did give him some money too. I couldn't help it, my heart cried out for him, but my Server? Just sloppy service.  I'm sitting at the bar from now on, maybe on a Sunday around 3 PM. At least I know I will get their attention!
