When I heard Mercat had opened I was excited to try it out! I've been wanting to eat delicious Spanish cuisine ever since I had some of the best meals ever whilst on holiday in my favorite country, Spain!! My first visit came after watching FC Barcelona beat Mexico at Soldier Field!! What better way to celebrate their win than dining at Mercat! It was also the final day of Lollapalooza, so plenty of people watching. I was with 3 friends and 2 of them had a long drive back to Michigan, so our first visit was kinda rushed and we didn't spend as much time as we would have liked. Next time, I plan to stay longer over food and drinks and soak in the gorgeous interior. The space is beautiful. I love how it is reminiscent of Spain in that they've mixed modern with old world and used an array of colors and patterns throughout. I thought the glass wall with the etchings of birds (I believe they are birds?), was quite cool and the open kitchen is also nice. They started us off with some bread that took us on our food journey. We each ordered 2-3 tapas and shared what we could, as I don't eat meat, just fish. I ordered the espincas a la catalana - catalan spinach, raisins, pine nuts, apples. It was delish!! Very tasty, a good combination of salty and sweet, which I love. I had the diver scallops which were cooked to perfection and extremely tasty. Of course the patatas bravas had to be ordered because I was craving the ones I had in Malaga, Spain a few years back. Mercats were pretty damn close to those! We had a few varieties of cheese which I cannot recall at the moment. There were a few more things that I ate that I am completely forgetting but I capped it off with a latte and will definitely be making my way back for a longer dinner!! Definitely a superb place for those visiting Chicago and to those looking for a cool experience in their own city!! Oh and glad to see that Mercat is within the charming Blackstone Hotel space - So glad they saved the building and renovated!!
