Sunday afternoon and we need some food! So when our friends suggested the Bad Apple, we said "Sure!" without a second thought. Now my friend is a bit of a beer snob- so imagine his delight when he looked on line and saw a beer that he literally drooled about until we pulled open the door of the Bad Apple. The bad news? They had run out of that particular beer the night before. The good news? This place has a tome of a beer list so after a brief discussion with bartender extraordinaire, Andy, who really knew his stuff, another extraordinary beer was found and happiness reigned again. As for this girl- I know a Miller Lite is not what you order in a place like this so our favorite bartender was put into service again as he found me something that would satisfy. Now I hear this place gets packed on Friday and Saturday nights, but on this Sunday afternoon- they were able to seat us right away at a great table in the back and we quickly ordered the chacuterie plate to take a little of the edge off. This plate had three types of meat (the peppered bacon was to die for) and three kinds of cheese, along with 6 different sauces and soft pretzel bread to eat it on. A great way to start! Burgers are king here and their list had me doing flashbacks to Kuma's. Being the "plain Jane" that I am, I went with the Bad apple burger which was your basic burger with provolone cheese, lettuce, tomato ,pickle and onion. But my friend? He went with Elvis' Last Supper which was a burger that had bacon on it and . . . . .wait for it . . . . PEANUT BUTTER! Sounded odd, but boy was that burger delicious! If I had a wish- it would be that the fries were better. I'm a bit of a fry snob- so if I am going to eat the calories that are in fries- they better be darn good. These were slightly short of okay. Dark, soggy, like they had been cooked in old oil or over held, they desperately needed salt (which wasn't on the tables so we had to ask) and even then they were not very good. Our server, Kate, was great! Patient, she and the bartender knew their beer and were able to make suggestions to my friend who always knows what he wants but wants to know if people who work in bars like this know their stuff! (and they do!) The ambiance of this place is pretty cool as well- with three dimensional artwork available for purchase hanging on the dark red walls. And if you drive- parking is pretty easy on the street right in front. Oh and as for the name, Bad Apple? On our visit, there wasn't a bad apple in the bunch! Check it out!
