Ehhhh... Maybe I had my hopes up too high for this one. Maybe I didn't order the "right" thing. Maybe the bar has been set ridiculously high by Real Food Daily in L.A. Or maybe (I hate to think) The Chicago Diner really is just A-OK (and not mindblowing-ly amazing like I thought in my head). I appreciate places like TCD for providing vegetarian and vegan comfort foods to the veg-head and flexible meat-eating masses. While mostly simple in design, sometimes a veggie just doesn't feel like cooking. Or you want to introduce a friend or family member to something different. Or you're looking for your own ideas to try at home. I get it. But what I don't get is faux-meat and faux-cheese parading around in an attempts to be end-all vegetarian cuisine. Honestly, it's just meatless. Like I said, maybe I didn't order the right thing, my stomach deciding for me with the BBQ "Bacon" Cheeseburger with mac-n-"cheese" for a side. And deep-fried seitan chunks tossed in Frank's for an appetizer. And truly, my friend's flash-garlic greens (whatever that means) were the best part of either of our meals (in my opinion). Why? Because it was the vegetable. I face this same hang-up with Denver's sole meatless monopoly (Watercourse Foods and City O' City [same company/owners])--that it's mostly salty, fatty stuff that just happens to have no meat. And terrible vegan cheese. Perhaps my long-running lacto-ovo status has turned me that far off vegan cheese (because I really only dig cashew ricotta), but the mac-n-cheese was just a little to "off" and plastic-y for me. The burger was quite good; not going to lie it was exciting to be able to order a "bacon cheeseburger" without having to "sub a veggie patty and no bacon" (because usually at restaurants the bacon cheeseburger comes with some other toppings that I enjoy). We also ordered a chocolate-chile cupcake for dessert that was divine (vegan baking always having a dear spot in my heart). But overall TCD just lacked the "wow" factor I was hoping for. And that bums me out. I will add: I am glad to have tried it. If I visit Chicago again I might try again and go for a more vegetable-centric dish. I also realize I'm breaking the mold with this review (just like with my stance on Denver's Watercourse) because TCD's less-than-4-star reviews are few and far between. But I will review and post with integrity and honesty. And that honesty stands at three stars. And three stars only. Lastly, if I were rating just the walnut brownie that I purchased to take back to the Mile High with me, then that would surely receive four stars. So maybe... come for the baked goods and stay for the meatless mains?
