HOLY ANGEL FOOD MUFFINS!!! whoa, Fox & Obel has been on my list for a while. First as a foodie, then as a bakery checker-outer. There was the usual - mostly high prices, some or a lot of mediocre food, a lot of people and the same stuff you can find at any other market that specializes in food in general. There was also some surprises and an overall nice selection. For one, the most bakery appeared to be produced in-house. That is always a plus, and while i didn't get any bread (I don't know what i was thinking, i will next time) it looked great and like the bakers knew what to do. the chocolates were so-so looking, i did appreciate that a lot of the truffles were vosgues truffles. didn't notice any handmade truffles... maybe i missed them, but it would've been a nice touch for the small bakery. i DID notice the angel food muffins... i swear if i only had $1.29 left for the rest of my life i would spend it on a muffin and beg them to cover the tax. they were perfectly moist, the crumb inside was perfect - dense and spongy. The top was crispy with sugar and it tasted like they used almond oil or something. mmm, perfect! I appreciated the helpful but not overbearing staff. Just as many people asked me if i needed help as workers who didn't, and the woman i did speak to had some great advice about restaurants up north (i rarely go north of Belmont.) I got a cheddar cheese with mustard seeds - that was the first time i saw it anywhere and it was yummy. loved the oils and vinegars, their wall is pretty extensive and one of the better selections i've seen. i found bucatini pasta here - i used to be able to find it anywhere, now it seems it's only either at the market on Taylor or ... fox & obel! dunno what that's about. The prepared foods wasn't very impressive looking, and i don't buy meat or seafood. i give it 4 stars because i really liked the bakery, cheese, and other specialty item selection. Really liked the the atmosphere. even though it was midday saturday and milling with tourists i never got hit by a cart or trampled by a lady on a cell phone. i would probably scrub toilets with toothbrushes for angel food muffins.
