brought a table of 10 for brunch this past weekend to Bonsoiree. usually i'm not a believer of hype but Bonsoiree is about as decent of a brunch as you can get in this town. Kurt was extremely accommodating even though my party size kept changing. we basically cleared the entire brunch menu ordering everything from the asparagus/asiago omelette to the trout omelette to the filet mignon benedict, truffle omelette, grand marnier french toast as well as my prosciutto. beyond the extended wait, everything was tasty with my prosciutto being the least attractive/interesting dish. we were lucky enough to bring a bottle of champagne and half of us had the BYOB mimosas (which i believe ended up being comped!!!). the hash browns, sauteed with cumin, paprika & creme, was unlike anything I"ve had else where. definitely get the hash instead of the baby potatoes. bin wine cafe's panfried onion-hash is still THEE best in town, but if you have a penchant for the exotic, the paprika/cumin hash @ bonsoiree may be your winner. i should've tasted the salmon cakes as they looked pleasant. we shall be back this Friday for the $20 dinner prix-fixe (tuesday to friday). from what we saw yesterday, this may possibly be the best prix-fixe bargain in town dollar for dollar (beyond le bouchon, beyond buona terra, etc., definitely beyond opera) (review on dinner i just finished 15 minutes ago): Kurt/Shin/Luke, you guys are sick. no busser, no front of the house, half a dozen tables rocking the lowest prices in town. why are y'all doing this? I don't know. yet another 10 top. Yet another cleaning of the menu. I was the only person brave enough to get the lamb/pesto in pastry. it tasted like a dreamy hot pocket (tm) moonfish: beurre blanc had a stick of browned butter in it. Applewood bacon wrapped tenderloin: perfectly done. next time, I'm going to ask for it medium rare so i can shock my intestines w/ E. Coli. seafood chowder was replete with scallops, etc. Grand Marnier salmon... almost genius. and... NOT over done even tho the plate was 350deg hot. Vanilla-ginger ice cream was all that it claimed to be. i don't even care if it was house-made, it's better than the shortbread. don't know what else to say... please stay in business. Off to LTHforum i go.
