Lines of people waiting to have a seat to grab food continuously throughout the week at an eatery means only one thing, THE PLACE IS DAMN GOOD AT WHAT IT DOES. There are just a few shockers at the Pilsen joint, tiny looking (huge however). Your table gets two types of salsa with endless chips, complimentary. Salsa was fresh and flavorful (could use alittle more punch though). Also a bowl of pickled jalapenos and carrots with a crunchy texture yet sour are interesting and not too spicy. Wait....that's not all the free stuff. You get a delicious small plate as a starter which changes daily. The first time I went, I received a bowl of chicken soup. Sounds plain. Definitely not! The broth is homemade and had been stewing for at least 8 hrs only getting better throughout the day. Veg chopped thick so not to loose consistency. Rice added in as a thickener to an already hearty soup bordering as a delicious porridge. The second time I went, I got chili stewed pork with red beans. Again the spices balanced well as to not over whelm each other. Beans cooked perfectly to be silky in texture. Pork, not chewy at all, but not mush. The plate was accompanied with fresh pressed corn tortillas (nothing beats homemade) to sop up all the goodness. Translate = 2 free pork tacos as a starter. Space for an entree....YES!!! The prices are ridiculously cheap. Any of the traditional fair can range from $5-$12. I got the combination platter for $5. It came with one taco, meat of choice (try the lengua if your brave, you'll be surprised), enchilada with a mole sauce, tamale, and a tostada. I know I already used the word but, FRESH and the portion not lacking in size! Service was exceptional likewise. As chaotic as the atmosphere may seem, the staff still made its rounds repeatedly and is tentative if anything is needed at the table. If there's a hold up for them to come over, an apology was readily given but not necessary. This place has become a staple and standard for all other Mexican eatery's for me, and I highly doubt that it will ever get beaten out. I love this place!!!!!!!! By the way, multiple yelpers have stated this exact phrase. Why change it? FYI, cash only and BYOB.
