Within minutes of arriving into Chicago on a rainy, cold, and late Thursday night, BrianQ and I knew we'd be fiending a delicious and satisfying meal at an upscale joint, not too far from our downtown hotel. Refusing to settle on the first thing we stumbled upon, a little research prior to arrival led us to make a reservation at Graham Elliot. After GE's appearance on Top Chef Masters, I was excited to see what his self proclaimed "bistronomic" restaurant concept was all about and try a bite at his quirky food combinations. We were seated immediately and served his infamous truffle popcorn; regular popcorn lightly tossed in truffle oil, pepper, and Parmesan cheese, in place of the classic bread/butter combo. I don't even like popcorn, but could not stop munching on this stuff. Twas excellent, but be forewarned - just like Orville Redenbacher's version, that of GE will work up a thirst. Not to worry though; the cocktail, beer, and wine selection at GE looked pretty solid. While I didn't try any of the cocktails, the house mixologist put together a pretty impressive and unique menu of drinks, including one with potato and cream cheese in it! (albeit $11-15). We started our meal with 2 appetizers. Being that I'm a huge risotto fan and an even huger cheese-o-holic, it was clear that the marriage of both would create my adopted lovechild, an obvious first choice appetizer; cheesy risotto with caramelized onions and bacon. We decided our second appetizer, duck confit agnolotti, with much less certainty, but dived in anyway because the ingredients (duck, gorgonzola, fresh made pasta, port reduction, kale) sounded great alone. Ironically and unexpectedly, I have to say that I was turned off by the risotto, but licking the plate of the duck confit. The risotto was primarily flawed due to excess....bacon. I was overwhelmed the in-your-face flavor and 1 cm cubes of pork mixed in with an otherwise texturally sound classic. Yes, there can be too much of a good thing, and this was definitely a prime example. I did appreciate GE's use of apple chunks, pearl onions, and cheez-it's in it though, as each of those somehow enhanced the texture and created a favorable taste contrast. The duck confit was wonderful. The duck was perfectly cooked and fatty for my taste; the homemade pasta tasted fresh and light and the gorgonzola offset the sweet port sauce nicely. A great, well-rounded starter. Similar to our appetizer selection, when deciding entrees, our first choice, grilled Colorado lamb, was a no brainer, whereas our second choice, deconstructed beef stroganoff, came to us after much deliberation. And similar to our appetizer experience, I was turned off by the lamb but begging for seconds of the beef and licking the plate clean. The lamb was cooked very well and quite pretty to look at, but the accompaniments and sauce had no place on the plate. I get that GE was trying to go for contrast, bold flavors, and wild combinations when he paired the lamb with cracked wheat and Clementine marmalade, but, no. The Clementine marmalade was far too tart; at first taste, I puckered my entire face (documented by BrianQ). The cracked wheat was okay, but added nothing for me. The endive was awkward on the plate, hard to cut, and kind of bland. Now onto the highlight of my meal- deconstructed beef stroganoff!!! What a creative, delicious, and phenomenal creation. The beef was cooked medium rare-ish and placed on a creamy/herby sauce (think ranch), paired with exotic brown mushrooms and sweet pasta chunks. The thing about this dish was that together the components created a heavenly bite, but each could stand alone as well. The dish made sense - on the plate and in my tummy . Also -great selection of music playing throughout the entire meal. -nice waitress (friendly chicagans or amazing service?) -spot on beer pairing suggestions as evidenced by brianQ's ale. -warm lighting and atmosphere, yet swankay decor. After having 2 superb dishes and 2 not-so-great ones, I give GE 4 stars; we may have ordered the wrong items, but a great restaurant is never hit or miss - it's always hit. At the same time, a GOOD restaurant will always have a few 'hits' so awesomely catchy and hittish, that they compensate for the misses.
