By far the best experience I have ever had at a restaurant in Chicago. It is beyond memorable. It has gone beyond staying in my memory to entering my dreams. This place is the epitome of perfection in execution. The service is extremely meticulous. You are taken care of from the moment you enter. The food is intelligent. It is delicate and seemingly lacking in ammunition; however, each bite provides a whirlwind of euphoria. Ever been to a restaurant where everything has the same taste and feel to it? If you've only eaten at Tru, the answer is no. The only constant between the courses is the attention to detail; each course was a new challenge for my mind - which was unexpectedly put through a lot of work in order to process what my tastebuds got to experience first hand.  If I could give more than 5 stars for the service, I would. I would give the absolute maximum. It would get the full 5 stars for service factors I would consider to be expected from this type of establishment. With reservations, your table is ready the moment you arrive. As soon as you get up, someone will ask if you are looking for the ladies' room and basically escort you there. They re-fold your napkin for you to return to whenever you excuse yourself from the table. All the plates go down at your table in time synchronization.  You will NEVER have to wave down the waiter - one look and someone appears. They explain the dishes in great detail as they are presented to you. They have a great sommelier who is extremely patient and knowledgeable. I could go on and on for pages about how wonderful the service is but I won't. However, there is one more point I want to make in regards to service. There is one factor in the service that was extremely special to me and makes me want to give more than 5 stars. To preface, I look extremely young. I am - in fact - past my quarter life. However, I do not look like it at all. This is not currently a blessing - maybe in 20 years - but in my 20's - it is a disadvantage. Not only do I get carded 3 times in a bar the size of my bathroom (door, both bartenders) - I get treated like a spoiled teen who has watched too much Gossip Girl. I am dismissed often and given under-par service. This not only ruins my experience (although many times I forgive it - as shown by the high ratings I often give on Yelp) - but it is sometimes unfair to the person I am out with. TRU did NOT treat me like I was somehow "below" them - which yes, I've gotten even gotten at Cheesecake Factory (understandable - it's the downtown mecca of teenage diners). They treated me the same way as the rest of the patrons in the restaurant which means they treated me like gold. This place treats you like royalty. If you are looking to impress your date or make your wife/gf feel like a princess for ~2-3hrs. This is the place. If you got laid off from your job and want to have one "eff you" dinner using your severance - this is the place. It'll make you feel like you are worth everything in this world. Yeah. I had no idea a restaurant could do that either.  After your courses, they roll over a dessert cart and formage cart. Everything is just *sigh* amazing. If you are full, they even pack up small dessert pieces of your choice into deep-purple-colored jewelry boxes and provide you with small home-made lollipops. If you think that's it, wait until you leave back through the black curtains - the host will give you a copy of the menu in a large envelope and a mini breakfast muffin for the next morning. What better way to leave an amazing experience than to be provided with goodies to extend that experience onto the next day? All those reviews that complain about how small the food is and how it's not worth the buck - I am completely confused. I was very full at the conclusion of our meal and based on the full experience, it is 110% worth the buck. But then again, I didn't pay. But I was happier than I've ever been leaving a restaurant - probably the happiest I have ever been.  I'd hate to kill this review with an over exuberant display of fondness for this restaurant but it really deserves it.
