For our anniversary, my boyfriend surprised me by taking me to Geja's Cafe for dinner. I had been craving fondue for a while now and was SO excited at the prospect of dipping food into yummy cheeses and chocolates.  We had reservations, but when we go there we were invited to go the bar for a drink so we could wait for a private booth. It's pretty dark, but I thought it was romantic. We were seated about 10 mins later and immediately became intrigued at the pot of oil over a flame in the middle of our table. We grabbed our menus and pondered over them until our very friendly waitress came to explain it all to us. We ordered the Premium Dinner-- which includes cheese fondue and a salad for an app, you and your companion's (separate) choice of meats, seafood and veggies for the main course and chocolate fondue for dessert. It runs an average of $45 for each person depending on what you get.  I am a Fondue novice and was comfortable when they brought the cheese fondue and bread, grapes and apples to be poked and dipped. The cheese was so delicious...it went so well with everything on the plate. Next came the main course, which made me a little nervous because it was basically a platter with raw meat and veggies to be dipped and cooked in the now boiling oil on our table and then dunked in the 12 dipping sauces offered. This was very new to me. Our waitress was so nice and explained cooking times and tips for all of it. It took some time to get the technique down, and though many a vegetable was lost in the bottom of the oil, the dinner was really yummy and quite entertaining. My favorite was the shrimp. I was so full after dinner that I could barely choke down the flaming chocolate fondue and fruit, cake and marshmallows that came with it. But oh, it was so good. I would definitely just come back for dessert so I could enjoy it properly.   All in all it was one of the most fun dinners I have ever been to, and highly recommend it for a special occasion. However, if you're looking for a super mellow evening and are not into literally working for your yummy food (or being semi-awkward), then you might want to venture elsewhere.
