I'm no frills, so this was easily likable for me. About $80 w tax/service charge on http://hotels.com. I got a queen accessible, I think. Cheapest place I found that was 3 stars, no bed bug reports (as of Jan '12 - no bug reports is always something I check now with travelling!) and near Magnificent Mile, so it was excellent. Expected smaller but upon getting to the room, I was happy. totally enough room to move around. A cute lil mini-sofa seat in the corner. Chic wallpaper in the bathroom. Not a place you'd come to for luxury or for the style, it's draw is that it covers the basics and has lil contemporary charm touches (love the chicken photos in the foyer)..Friendly front desk. The doors are pretty industrial looking metal and closet appears to be a janitor's closet before opening, but whatever, there's hangers and a small safe and that meets the needs. You can see some ppl also reviewed under Hotel Cass (formerly) - http://www.yelp.com/biz/. Happy face =] because: - Low price - Adequate enough size for basic needs - Great location - Free internet wifi, and decent speed - 2 comps in the business ctr with free printing - Free breakfast (not perfect but free is key - and Trader Joes and Jewel Osco are nearby to cover more options). Bfast is like 6-930, so I had to force myself awake to get it, but glad it was there. - Clean enough (a couple markings on the slightly dusty curtains and I think some stain on the wallpaper, but oh well) - My bf was happy that the flat screen TV had HBO - Good view outside the room to see the tops of some churches Improvements would be: - I wish there was a mini fridge (it was 23 degrees when I visited, so I put water near the window and that worked OK). - I wish there was a microwave (tho there is one downstairs in the breakfast room - I wish there was a luggage rack (eh,I put luggage on the sofa) - Not much bathroom counter space (I just cleared the towels off the top towel rack to put a few things there or I could have brought the mini white table over next to the door if needed) - Thicker walls (one night was quiet, the next morn had neighbor moans - ah well, it's just one of those amusing touches when you stay at a hotel haha) I would def stay again and recommend to others.
