The Pros and the Cons: PROS first: Food's very good and that's always the important thing! The best part for everyone is that as you cook it right on your table with the charcoal cooker you get that great smokey flavor and it feels good to know you're getting it as hearty and fresh as possible; but it especially feels good to know just how well cooked it is because YOU'RE the one cooking it. You can make the meat as medium as you want it or as rare as you like it, it's entirely in your control. Although if you're a vegetarian I suppose this aspect of charcoal cooking might not apply. Also the atmosphere is very cozy for night time dining, so if you have a group of people, like family or friends, then the crowd that is in there combined with the low cielings help give the place a 'hip' feeling (cuz of the bustling crowd) yet cozy and warm. If you can, I feel, the best tables to sit at are the ones to your right side near the door, because the stylish construction of it kind of has you sitting Indian style comfortably on cushions yet also with the option of sitting how you would normally sit on a chair by using the space dug in the floor. All in all, if you like Korean food then this place is good, and like most Korean restaurants you'll love the hours as it closes quite late (5am I believe). So it's a great place if you want to eat something better than Bakers Square with a group of late-night friends from partying or maybe after a midnight movie. CONS: Nothing serious to complain about at all as I think it's a great place, but the following is worth being aware of. One, the parking space between cars is really tight. Since most of it's business is during the night, the low visibility combined with the the low tolerance of space between cars makes for a little fender-bender potential. So just be real gradual when you squeeze in there, there's no need to rush, the restaurant is right in front of you, and you'll be doing a lot of reversing and forwarding to fit in snugly. Not only is the space between cars very small, but the lot itself is also small, so most likely you'll be parking else where. I want to say that it's lot could only fit 8-12 cars. Two, it's a very popular place during the night hours, especially after 7pm, so you will have to wait in line for you party's turn. You may have to wait up to 20 minutes (as we did) but the time goes by quickly especially if you parked in their lot and you sit in your car. They do give you a pager so that when your turn is up you'll be notified by it buzzing. I think the typical wait might be around 10 minutes. They WILL say "30-40" minutes because of the wise mentality of "under promise" and "over accomplishing", so I feel they exaggerate on the wait time so that you're not disappointed. Three, one drawback of their fresh charcoal cooker that I only noticed the next day is that the smoke that it causes can stench your shirt or coat with it's smokey smell. When my jacket the next day had smelled like the smokey scent I suddenly got hungry for it, lol. So wear a light t-shirt maybe or something easy to wash if you don't want it carrying the smokey smell. But I SHOULD point out that, maybe I was the only one of my party who had this, as I may have been positioned at the brunt of the smoke which is smack in the middle of the table. Above your table there IS an exhaust vent that is active all the time to suck and absorb the smoke, but this is just a minor observation, everyone washes their clothes anyway. So those are the Pro's and Cons of my very enjoyable night at SanSoo GabSan. The service was fine and they tend to work very fast, I definitely would recommend it for some good Korean dining at lat night hours.
