I have a new favorite in town and it's called The Publican. Really had a great experience here and can't wait to go back and try the dozens of beers, wines, and dishes that I couldn't cram in the first time. To start, I had the Hell's Bells Intelligencia Dark Beer. Really good, robust beer that hit the spot right of the bat. And while I wasn't looking to pair my food with my beer, believe it or not, the oysters that i had with it worked so well. They have a great selection of oysters from all over...west coast, eastcoast, and Canada. Really fresh and earthy that just make you want to have more. Then we followed it up by ordering the frites that came with a nice creamy sauce. I had heard of their pickles so i was anxious to try them right after. Really crisp sweet and tangy pickles that also have onions and other pickled veggies. I'm not exactly a pickle fan but this was really good. One of my biggest surprise was the the fried lake smelt's. really fresh sardine like fish that had been lightly battered and fried to perfection. They also came with a tangy red cream sauce that was oh so delicious. Made me think of trying this at home for my next meal. Seemed so good and delicate yet so easy and obvious at the same time. Then (yes...we did try several dishes) we had the citrus salad that was a mixture of frisee greens, dates, farro, and hazelnuts over a ball of beautiful fresh mozzarella type cheese (execuse me if i don't remember this one but it's so delicate and creamy and so good...i better go back and ask).  Ok. So here's comes the good part. The entree(s). We ordered two since there was 3 of us and we knew it would be a lot of food but wanted to try a few different things. The first was the farm chicken. Locally sourced from a Fairbury, IL that came with summer sausage and more frites. Wow...really good. It was done so perfect that it must of just come up to the right temperature on it's way to our table. Grilled very well and had some char parts in the right places. Then we ordered the suckling pig (figured i had too since there were supposedly known for their pork). Another home run here that came with what seemed like two large pork chops with greens and a smudge of fresh pesto. Really nice and grilled to perfection i thought. Finally we went for dessert (as if we hadn't had enough). We went for the 32oz fresh press with cruz that la sur coffee. Very good choice we thought. We drank it with some sort of chocolate tart and an single portion apple pie...which honestly i can't remember too much of since i was ready to fly at this point. Couldn't eat or drink any further. Needless to say, this place deserves 5 starts and can't wait to go back.
