Warning: The following review is TRUNCATED and better revisited at my blog for full pictures and commentary =P Five stars for innovation, though some flavors are less accessible to the palate than others Alinea can best be described as a series of carefully orchestrated surprises for each of your five senses. While the 12-course tasting menu will set you back $135 and a good four hours, it is unlike any culinary experience I've had yet. It may seem counterintuitive, but the best way to experience Alinea is without expectations. Yes, you've read the hype and you've heard the buzz about molecular gastronomy--but you've never had bacon for a palate cleanser and you've never dreamed of adding soy sauce to your dessert. So when you hear adjectives such as good, orgasmic, or weird, you're really only hearing expletives that are void of meaning. Because unless you've been intimately acquainted with the likes of Homaro Cantu, Heston Blumenthal, Wylie Dufresne, or Ferran Adria, you will really have no baseline with which to compare Alinea to. COURSE HiGHLIGHTS Course 3: Monkfish - banana, onion, lime // Cauliflower. Our only other seafood dish was Monkfish (vegetarian Cauliflower), prepared in a mousse, tempura, and steamed with banana and lime sauces and garnished with an onion paper. Above all, this was a lesson in texture with the creamy mousse, crunchy tempura, and silky monkfish. The banana and lime sauces cooled the dish, while the onion paper dissolved swiftly in our mouths. Like any good lover, Achatz means only to give you a taste of what he's got in store for the rest of night. Our first four courses were merely child's play--dishes that were fathomable and gently teased us into oral foreplay. So just when we were starting to get bored... Course 5: Apple - horseradish, celery. We were told to throw back the shots and to open our mouths wide to take in the entire ball at once. Once inside, there was a cytoplasmic explosion of apple juice. It was strangely pleasant and slightly erotic all at once. Paying careful attention to the progression, this first eruption was gentle, easing us into the experience. Once the liquid went down, we were left with the essence of horseradish but with only a hint of its heat. The remainder of our savory courses paid homage to the regional cuisine with a Midwest-lean towards rich, protein heavy dishes. Course 6: Duck - mango, yogurt, pillow of lavender air // Turnip. The Duck (vegetarian Turnips) was prepared in a manner befitting of pork with duck rinds, duck bacon, and pulled duck. As with the other fruit sauces, the essence of mango really shone through and for added pizazz, the whole plate was set atop a pillow of lavender air, which diffused directly into our olfactory systems. Course 8: Black Truffle - explosion, romaine, parmesan. Though it came sans meat, the Black Truffle ravioli was no less rich. Although benign looking, the pasta membrane actually housed a robust, truffle scented broth that exploded upon contact. The single ravioli captured the soul of an entire pasta dish and would have sated any craving for Italian, no matter how small or large. Course 10: Bacon - butterscotch, apple, thyme. Our prayers were answered when an interlude came announcing the arrival of dessert. While the vegetarians got a Honeydew jelly to cleanse their palates, we were served dehydrated Bacon. With the OC Fair currently in tow, it was a stone's throw away from a caramel apple. Served on a rocking apparatus, it was highly whimsical and an inventive way to bridge the salty to sweet transition. Our last and final dish was Course 14: Caramel - meyer lemon, cinnamon perfume. I will never understand how you tempura a viscous caramel and lemon, but the taste of churro sent me yearning for home. How many licks do you think it take to get to a center of a caramel tempura ball the size of a golf-ball? Alinea's answer is one. The staff read our minds (or eavesdropped on our conversation) and asked us if we wanted to see the kitchen at the stroke of midnight when our meal ended. The kitchen was starting to wind down, which gave Chef Chad a chance to explain to us the wax molds he was working on. No sign of Grant Achatz, but Chad was good enough eye candy for me. In closing, Alinea is not about what you do or don't like. It is about the appreciation of an unnamed sensation, a flavor that leaves you at a loss for words, and a culinary innovation that is only beginning to take flight in the United States. It is the technology of the early adopter and the beta version of a cuisine that is not yet commercially viable. Some art forms are more accessible to the intellect--others, just need to be studied to be appreciated. Alinea 100 - Introduction to Molecular Gastronomy, check.
