When Carnivale first opened a few years ago it was impossible to get a reservation here, which I even stated in my February 2006 Yelp review. So when I called just a few days ago to make a reservation for a party of 6 on Saturday evening I was surprised that they had availability. This should have been a clue to me that Carnivale isn't quite what it used to be, but sometimes it takes me a little bit to catch on... While the atmosphere is still cheerful and fun (perfect for a girls night out) the food and the service was pretty disappointing. Our waitress spent most of the evening ignoring us. Once she finally paid attention to us we ordered a few drinks to get the fun night started. I was upset to hear that the raspberry mojito is no longer on their menu, but tried a blueberry mojito instead....good, but not quite as tasty as the raspberry. We started our meal with the guacamole and chips and while we had no problem polishing it off everyone at the table remarked it was a bit too chunky and unremarkable. As for our main entrees I ordered the halibut, recommended by our waitress. It was extremely dry and bland. It probably would have been better if I had dipped it in the huge glob of garlic mayo on the side of my plate, but mayo just really doesn't do it for me. A few of the other girls ordered the fish special, which they thought was just ok...especially after one of them pretty much choked on a bone. The only person who actually really enjoyed her meal at the table with my friend who is pregnant with twins...and I think she's pretty much liking any food these days as she eats for 3. She ordered the billy's chicken and stated that you really can't go wrong with buttery chicken and fries. True, true. We also ordered 2 side dishes: plantains and fried yuca. The plantains were actually quite good. The yuca was much thicker than expected (I swear it was thin and crispy during my last few visits) and full of garlic. We asked one of the servers about this and he responded we could cut it if we wanted to make it thinner. Seriously??? We were celebrating 2 birthdays so they did bring out 2 complimentary desserts (1 extra star for carnivale and our indifferent waitress). Never one to turn down dessert I tried both of them while thinking "why am i eating these...they aren't even very good." I'd consider going back to Carnivale's lounge for drinks because I do like the atmosphere, but I think I'll be parting ways with their dining room. There's plenty of other incredible restaurants in the city where you can actually get terrific food with stellar service.
