C and I have had our eye on this place for some time and I had high hopes. Our friends were visiting for the weekend, from Madison, and we wanted to take them someplace special. I requested a table on the patio and was pleased that we actually got one, since the host warned me on the phone that it was no guarantee; merely noted as a preference. It was hot as hell out there, unfortunately, but more unfortunate is that they don't have any fans to at least move air around. I actually removed my shirt. On the other hand, it was a blessing to be outside because the sound level inside is VERY LOUD. Before being seated outside, I asked the bartender at the tiny bar, a young woman, the how a soave differed from a pinot grigio. She looked at me incredulously and gave an enormous sigh, and said, with an exasperated affect, "The difference? A soave is a soave." When our table was ready, the host informed us that we had to pay for the wine before they would seat us. Sorry, but that's annoying. Outside, the wait for the waiter was longer than comfortable. He was polite, but too business-like. We had brought our bottle of white wine into the heat of the patio (the waiter complained of the heat), but didn't offer a bucket of ice to keep our wine cool. When I ordered a second bottle, he failed to offer a bucket again. I had to ask for one and it took a long while for him to appear with a marble cooler.  We ordered our appetizers and selections. The appetizers were tasty and C's pappardelle with prosciutto was nice. My pasta with mushrooms, on the other hand, was memorably flavorless. Overall impression: The food is okay, but nothing special. I will mention that the fellow pouring water was on top of his game. I wish I could have left him a tip. The patio is pleasant, but on a evening that was 88 or so, it was too hot without fans or an air cooling system. Also, the tables are way too close together. Inside, it's really rather loud. A note about the ice bucket complaint: In contrast, we went to Yes Thai for dinner the next evening. The waitress, seeing that we walked in with white wine, brought a bucket of ice to the table instantly. i.e. within 2 minutes.
