Let me preface this review by saying the following: I am not a meat eater, nor am I a "foodie" of any sort. My past 5 dinners have consisted of a bag of popcorn and a miller lite, for chrissakes, so I'm not the type to go on and on about the nuances of pygmy goat ribs topped with a complex red wine reduction black truffle sauce blah blah blah insert whatever's trendy to eat here. So take my opinion of the L&E with a hefty grain of "I am not sophisticated and don't care" salt. My gentleman friend invited me to the L&E for dinner with him and some of his pals, and because I've been by and seen the "eat, sleep, whiskey" sign in the window I was sold. I saddled up to the bar, and after agonizing over the drink menu, I decided on the Longman Manhattan which was so.so.good. The barmen here dont eff around when it comes to drink-mixing, and the dude preparing my drink did it with tenderness and devotion. I almost felt like a perv watching him make it, it was that intense. Anyhow, drinks got squared away and I took one look at the menu before I knew I was in over my head. I'd describe the menu in 2 words: esoteric meatstuffs. I basically saw that my choices were mostly a variation on "Meaty-meat Slice of Animal Wrapped in Bacon cooked in beef fat". And that was just what I could identify. In an attempt to avoid looking like a total rube, I quietly asked the waitress (who was way cool) what she'd suggest for a non-meat eater. She told me to go for the agnolotti (pronounced "anneeolottee" for the uncultured swine among us) which was really good but I don't suggest it if you're starving. T'was tiny! Between our group, people got items from the rabbit pate to the burger, and no one seemed disappointed. I don't know that I'd be in a huge rush to go back for food (see my disclaimer at the top, though) but the bar was my idea of heaven. I'd hang out just to pretend like I was in some hipster version of "Cocktail" where Tom Cruise wears lots of flannel.  PS- Sweetbreads?!?! What in the fuck kind of misleading name is THAT?
