One of my resolutions for 2008 was to visit Chicago and dine at Alinea. I have dined at some of the best restaurants in America and in Europe. I can say without question that Alinea as a "total package" was the best restaurant I've ever been to and it was the best dining experience I ever had. As a restaurant, the design immediately puts you off balance when you enter the door and walk down an eerily quiet, narrow corridor in mauve hue and then suddenly to your surprise, like in a carnival funhouse, a sliding door quickly opens to reveal the front foyer. You immediately get a view of the bustling kitchen which is so clean it makes a hospital operating room look dirty. There is no separation between servers and chefs. All are hurrying in and out of the kitchen like worker bees on a mission. The decor of the restaurant is one like I've never seen before; multi-level and modular as if out of a geometry textbook or Frank Lloyd Wright unrealized blueprint. The service staff is a well oiled machine. There was not one misstep the whole night. The service was on the level of Pierre Gagnaire in Paris, like a ballet. Only, in Alinea's case, the catering was at a level inspired from love rather than obligation. We selected the lesser menu, but they honored a couple of requests that I made from the tour menu. Right out of culinary school Chef Grant Achatz studied at Thomas Keller's The French Laundry and then later at Ferran Adria's El Bulli in Spain. What makes Grant Achatz so great is that he has perfected the ability to completely marry the cutting edge molecular gastronomy school equally with the classic French technique making an end product that is an evolution to avant-haute cuisine. Ferran Adria of El Bulli tends to weigh more heavy on the technique and takes away from actually creating "dishes". Wylie Dufresne at WD-50 offers a more traditional preparation with an "influence" from the molecular school. Everything we tasted this night was undeniably "food"..not just a lab experiment that was unidentifiable by sight or smell. The juxtapositions of flavors were sheer genius and the presentations completely innovative unlike I had ever seen before. Check out this wonderful video narrated by Corby Kummer of The Atlantic Monthly that will explain better because I am still beyond words. Alinea: The Elements of Taste http://www.technologyrev FoodMayhem review (same exact menu we had - dish for dish) http://www.foodmayhem.co
