Restaurant: Crisp Cuisine: Korean Location: Lake View (Chicago) Address: 2940 N Broadway St Price Range: $10~15 1: Poor 2: OK 3: Good 4: Very Good 5: Excellent Food: 4 Service: 3 Ambiance: 3 Overall: 3.5 Have you ever heard of KFC? No, I am not talking about Kentucky Fried Chicken. If you follow Toronto food scene, or any food scene around the world right now- KFC means Korean Fried Chicken. It all started in New York when Bon Chon made it's way to Manhattan. People were getting tired of regular deep fried chicken (which I still love) and wanted something different. And then KFC came along, with their soy sauce marinade that's sweet and tangy or spicy sauce with a kick. KFC trend is going far that you can randomly find it at hipster tapas place that is not Korean restaurant. Crisp is def one of the spin off from the KFC trend in America, they are known for deep fried chicken called Seoul Sassy and people from Chicago were all over it! I knew I had to give it a try. Crisp is a small place with as many seats crammed in as possible. By the time I went, all the tables were full except the side tables. Since we were there for a quick bite, it didn't really matter and we just took the side seats. Also, it was a second stop after my first meal- my friend and I were already so full. We just ordered Seoul Sassy Half chicken for $8.95. Seoul Sassy is a 'subtly sweet sauce prepared with ginger, soy, garlic and spices'. Chicken takes awhile because it's made when you order. I think we waited good 20 minutes for it to come out, but it was worth it at the end. Their chicken is deep fried with very thin batter but it comes out super crispy. Then it is covered in sauce as it is cooked again so the batter soaks up most of the goodness so that most of it ends up in your mouth, not your hands! Chicken was fresh and the meat was so juicy bursting with flavor. It was a little on the salty side, just to be eaten on it's own. The sauce had really strong garlic flavor and it was topped with green onions as well. Def not a food to eat on a date. Summary: Overall it was a good KFC, I just wish I had room to try other things off the menu like their Buddha Bowl which is basically a BiBimBab but with variety of vegetables you can choose from. If you love KFC, Crisp is def worth trying.
