Four of us went here on Friday night for a birthday dinner and it was fantastic. I had heard good things but you hear pretty good things about all Chicago steakhouses so you never really know what to trust. Trust that this place has amazing food. Also trust that you will spend a week's salary on dinner.  I started off with an appletini at the piano bar downstairs. It was $16 but it came with dry ice and was bubbling for a good 10 minutes. And came with a shaker with additional drink in it... which I promptly left at the bar when we were seated...doh. For as ridiculous as the prices are for most things, their wine list was remarkably reasonable. The husband chose a bottle of red and I have no idea what it was but 'twas good.  We started off with the shrimp scampi and two crab cakes, both excellent decisions. The crab cake wouldn't stay in cake form so you know it's good. And the sauce that came with both could be served to me in a bucket with a spoon, thankyou. We all got steaks (obvs), I got the filet cooked medium on the really hot plate. It came out a little more rare than usual but with the plate, all you gots to do is cut a piece and put that cut side down and bam, cooked. I personally am not a huge Ruth's Chris cheerleader but I think they may do this part better. Overall, the steak was wonderful and I ate every last damn bite. We got the lobster mashed potatoes and the grilled asparagus as sides. The potatoes were super creamy and they had HUGE chunks of lobster in them. I mean it wasn't like "lobster flavored potatoes" or any sort of b.s. It was the real deal. Again, broken record... super expensive for the full order ($36 I think?) but probably worth it. For dessert, we split the butter cake and the cheesecake. The best bite of the butter cake is the slightly undercooked center that's sitting under the ice cream. Trust me on this one. It's like a stick of butter melting in your mouth in that bite. But not in a gross, omg look at all this butter kind of way. The good way. So it was good. Our server Scott was awesome. He was very knowledgeable and personable. He did a little happy dance when he got excited talking about the specials which I enjoyed. Just be prepared to drop a lot on a very memorable dinner.
