I spent one night here and had a marvelous stay. We got strawberries and melting chocolate sent to our room because we were celebrating a special occasion, it was a really nice touch! I liked the feel of this hotel, since it is "rock and roll" it doesn't feel uppity.. yet it is pretty nice inside. I don't feel like I'm getting stared at for being in my 20s. The rock and rollness of this place really stands our through their interior deco in the rooms mirrors, artwork, etc. The room itself is pretty spacious, with a nice and clean bathroom, wish the tub was a bit bigger though. We also asked for a guitar during check in but were then told that they were doing inventory and didn't have any left. Then to our surprise there was a knock at our door and one of the bellman brought one up to us so we could rock out. We opted for the free guitar lessons on the TV, but there was no information on how we could access them, we had to call the front desk to find out what we had to do. Once we got on the correct channel, it was just completely blank. I don't know if it was because we missed the time (it only happens every 30 minutes) or whoever told us how to get to it misinformed us. Either way we rocked out for a little while and then we had to get back to our schedule. Either way it is a pretty nice idea and really fun. The only downside to the room is that the windows (although huge) are REALLY drafty, we kept some of our leftovers from a restaurant on the window sill and it was kept nice and cold--that was how drafty it was! So we had to turn the temperature way up to make it actually feel like it was 73 degrees inside. Good think they had nice huge thick curtains to block some of the draft. They gave us free coupons for a drink at their downstairs bar which unfortunately we didn't get to use. But as we were in and out of the hotel between 8pm-2am , it was packed and poppin like any other club off the street. Pretty sure I saw a couple making out on one of the couches in the bar...! The concierge were really helpful in arranging things for us, leading us in the right direction. Our room was a great deal and overall it was a fun place to stay! I would stay here again!
