3.5 stars. I want to give this place four stars since the food is so good, but even with a rick bayless sighting, the seating, loudness and line spoils the meal enough to dock it half a star. Food: amazing. considering this place generally makes sandwiches, it is all delicious. my table had the mushroom, short rib and chicken avocado tortas. i split the mushroom and short rib with a friend and was full without finishing my "sandwich" but I still wanted to taste the chicken sandwich with avocado spilling out of it. also, the table next to me had a half sandwich dipped in a soup and I would have loved to have tasted it. the tortas i had, mushroom and short rib, were amazing. the meat was soft and tender and very flavorful. the mushrooms were well paired with a pungent cheese. all very good. I also got a hibiscus drink. it was a little too sweet for me but after watering it down it was quite refreshing. the main downer for me was the seating. we got a great table in the middle of the restaurant. but even with most likely the best seat in the house, i could not hear the conversation on the other side of the table. it became even frustrating to the point where we left early. the line is also unusual. we came early at 11:30am for lunch. since our third wasn't there yet, we were asked to wait at the front of the line (allowing others to go in front of us) until our third came. i think the hostess was very considerate of our situation and she saved a table for us as the line wasn't that obnoxious. but when we left at around 1, there was an obnoxious line. apparently they only allow you to order from the line if there's a table available. so instead of waiting at a table with a seat and good conversation with your company and possibly an order of chips an guac, you stand in line until someone leaves. i understand how this works for such a small space, but it must be very uncomfortable for those standing around. overall, i'd go back. but i'd prefer take out rather than sit down. as you can see from the online menu, the prices are reasonable and i couldn't even finish my sandwich. i did have a rick bayless siting. he was tasting all the sauces, meats and drinks. very cool.
