It always feels super-useless to review a place with hundreds of reviews already, but I guess I do it still to express my love (or hate) of the restaurant. Xoco is AMAZING! I've been too scared and distrustful of Frontera Fresco at Macy's, because I just don't know if I can trust the food at a food court to be the same and because Rick Bayless isn't there to oversee things. However, Xoco is right next to the other two restaurants, and Rick Bayless is right in the next kitchen.  I had the Cubana sandwich, guac and chips and two churros, all to go. I wanted to try the house-made ice cream and the agua fresca, but I was running to work in Hyde Park, and I can only hold so much food while traveling on CTA. I also didn't want things to get cold. So, I went out the door, took a cab a few blocks (I was running late, didn't want to miss my bus), and I started with one of the churros on the cab. So delicious. I could taste the dough used for the churro which isn't usually the case with a churro. It was cooked to perfection, crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside, mmm. Then I was waiting for my bus, but I just kept thinking about how the longer I waited the more cold air must have been seeping into my to-go bag and cooling my warm sandwich down. I couldn't take it anymore. I sat down, opened the box, poured some of the tomatillo sauce on half of my sandwich, and I dug in. It was still really warm, and absolutely perfect. Hands down the best torta I've ever had. So, while my experience at Frontera was good, I gotta say, Xoco blew me away with it's torta! Also, it was one of the kitchen staff's birthdays when I was in there. The staff all came to him with a dessert singing happy birthday. It was nice to see they all cared. Happy 21st Travis! (that was his name) I'm going back next week for more and next time I'm sitting down to eat my meal and I'm ordering my ice cream, my hot chocolate, my torta, and maybe the agua fresca too. I know... what a fatty. My Cubana Torta, Churros and guac w/ chips came out to $20 and change.
