I've been here at least 5-6 times since it has opened. What a long overdue treat to get a great, reasonably-priced restaurant with a great atmosphere in the gold coast area. And BBQ no less! Having been here several times and having tried a lot of different things, here are some thoughts: (1) You do not need to spend a lot of money here. The pulled pork platter is $14 and comes with a TON of pork. I've ordered this at least 3 times and left happy and overly full every time. It's delicious. They also have these "q2" and "q3" platters that are more than enough food for 2 people. The q3 platter is $27 and comes with two pulled meats, a half slab of ribs, and cornbread and fries. You can order just that for two people and they are totally cool with it. They also bring endless (and delicious) chips and pickles that you can fill up on.  (2) The baby back ribs are delicious. And I am very picky about ribs. I haven't had the St. Louis ribs here. I tried the "competition" ribs once, which are about $10 more than the regular ribs, and I didn't think it was worth the extra money. I like the hot sauce that comes with the ribs. It isn't that hot, but it's really really good. I do agree with some other reviewers who have commented that the other sauces are just so-so. (3) MIscellenous - The braised greens are really good, as is the cornbread and the wings appetizer. My wife has gotten the hominy salad a few times as her entree and she really likes it. I splurged and got the mint julep last time I was there, and it was really good, if you're into that sort of thing. As a general matter, they have a really nice collection of scotches and tequilas.  (4) Service. The service here is always and uniformly awesome. THe managers/owners do a terrific job of motivating the employees to make everyone feel welcome. The front desk people, the bar tenders, the waiters, bussers, everyone - even when we come in on a Friday night without a reservation and just split the q3 platter!  This place really has all the elements of a great restaurant. We're really really happy to have it in the neighborhood.
