I really want to give Sprout a glowing review, but I can't. And I really want to say that despite its faults I'll go back, but I'm not sure I will. Many of our dishes were delicious, but some were so bad they were inedible. And the feigned apologies for the inedible dishes really weren't enough to make up for the faults. I think the crux of the problem might be that the menu doesn't clearly indicate which dishes are complete deconstructions that are far afield of a basic expectation, and which are essentially classics with a few enhancements. The server didn't ask if we had dined there before or give a spiel on what to expect, so we did not expect some of what we were served. That said, the two dishes that left me wanting to gag were likely fundamental misconceptions that were also poorly executed. Even if more clarity prior to ordering had convinced me I wanted to try it for what it was, the execution would still have left a lacking dish. The great: *Chocolate butter and lemon curd with brioche was fantastic. The lemon curd may have been the best I've ever had (and I am a HUGE fan of lemon curd, so I wouldn't say that lightly) *The croque-madame may be the only thing that could beat the lemon curd. It was really the knock out of the mains we tried. It wasn't the elegant version you may get at Henri, but it was so flavorful and satisfying. *The "french toast" was wonderful as well. Incredibly playful and flavorful, it was essentially what you would expect from french toast, but with peanut butter and spices forming triple layer french toast sandwiches of a sort. *The potatoes- both the pomme frites and the parsley potatoes- were excellent.  *The bartender. He was friendly and informative without lingering. He explained the signature cocktails on the menu as well as provided ample warning of which were sold out. The good: *The "pop tart" was good. Very inventive and with a beautiful presentation. While it was deconstructed, the only part that seemed odd was that it was cold. I think most people would expect anything called a pop tart to be warm, but I could be making too large a leap here. *The bacon buns. They were definitely tasty, and the butter they are served with is exceptional. However, the bacon inside wasn't crisp, and many of the chunks in my bun were just hunks of pork fat- no meat included. And the "bun" was akin to your standard dinner roll from the local grocery. The bad: *The "quiche". Ew. That about sums it up, but if you'd like some more detail on this deconstruction, consider this: It is served cold. The egg portions are more akin to a cheap, mass produced flan than to a a quiche. The truffle portion was a scoop of cold truffle on the plate. Too much, and too close in consistency to the slimy egg jello. The flavors were odd and nothing really came together. I'm not against deconstructions, and actually quite enjoy them most often, but this didn't work. No combination of things on my plate amounted to anything even remotely similar to quiche, nor did they amount to anything pleasant or appealing. *The "steak". This was less of a miss than the quiche, in that if you played with it a bit it was edible. The first major issue is that there is no indication that the steak is breaded. I quite enjoy some fried steaks, but this one had 2x more breading than meat, and it was a very dense breading. If you removed the breading, it was definitely improved. However, they you became aware of what a crappy, cheap and flavorless piece of meat you were eating. Eek. *When the server cleared our plates, she noticed two plates essentially untouched. She asked if we would like to wrap them to take with us. Um, no- we did order a good amount of food, but there were 5 of us. If my friends weren't generous I would have wound up having a second meal as soon as I left Sprout. When we politely told her none of us had liked those dishes, her response was essentially, "That's too bad, y'all." I kind of expected more...at the very least an apology. So, meh. The lemon curd, croque-madame and french toast might lure me back one day. If you decide to go, definitely ask some questions before ordering. And avoid the quiche! :)
