I've been wanting to try Hot Dougs for a while now, and carefully made plans to do so when I had an open (friday or saturday) afternoon that I didn't mind spending 2 hours waiting for dogs with a good friend to catch up with. So yesterday I made the hour long walk to Avondale ("the place where people like to wait" my new avondale slogan) and met up with Mal N. We waited about an hour and a half, which was fine, it wasn't too hot out, and when we-at last- made it to the front I ordered the foie gras duck sausage dog, a corn dog and split an order of duck fat fries with Mal. The wait to get out food wasn't long, and I dug into my much anticipated duck dog. The first bite was great. A melody of flavors. The second bite was still good, but I was starting to get weighed down with the richness. And half way through the third bite I didn't even want to swallow. It was so rich, and the techtures started to really freak me out...too mushy, the sausage too bouncy(?). So I only ate half of it. My corn dog was good, but with me corndogs are pass/fail, so not too special, the special comes in the specialty dogs, which I wish I would have picked something else (although I know this was my "gotta try" so I'm glad it's outta the way). On to the duck fat fries. They were....fine. Not at all bad, but I like good regular fries better. I will never be back to Dougs on a fri or a sat simply because the fries make the wait at least 45 mins longer, and they aren't worth it...in fact if I was offered a choice between duck fat fries and regular, with no wait, right here on my couch, I will always choose the regular. So Dougs gets 3 stars. I do not regret my experience (although I did feel like vomiting a bit on my way home-too much!) but I won't repeat it. I will be back though, on a weekday, and I won't get the foie gras. Maybe that'll bumb it up to 4 stars...cause that's what I think it probably derserves, but based on my experience I really can't do more. I mean, I didn't finish my special $9 dog and the fries we meh and I waited an hour and a half. Gimme a break! oh avondale, I don't understand you very well.
