I always knew I was a carnivore, but after this comida fantastica, I see I'm more of a T-rex; the ultimate carnivore. Okay...first. Upon walking in, I thought the place had a very warm ambiance. It was like a cabin-in-the-woods, but in South America, not Minnesota. The art was cool, the layout was cool, I even liked the floor. My friends and I immediately were saying how cute it was. I started with sangria. Great price, very yummy, and a large glass. My friends got mojitos. I really really liked how they were tart and sour rather than totally leafy minty. They bring you the steak sauce before you even get any food. So I just sat there staring at it wanting something to put it on so badly I almost considered my hand. Instead I started nibbling it with my fork. YUM. It was perfectly spicy, and very fresh. Then my friend and I ordered the meat platter (the menu had a more flattering name) and our friends were laughing at how much meat it was when it arrived. I told them we would finish it but they did not believe it. "oh come on, that could be for all four of us." .....little did they know, my friend and I were in meat heaven, and weren't stopping until we could see plate. The meal went something like this: "mmmmmm, Oh, My, God, (silence..) this is so good, I think this is the best meal I've had in a really long time, OMG, the plantains with the salty meat is incredible, I LOVE THIS SAUCE, Can we have more sauce?" In the midst of our food frenzy, our friend interrupted to say we looked like dinosaurs. That didn't stop us. Then she went on to say we looked like the Geico men. Still didn't stop us. My boyfriend became annoyed at how many times my friend complimented the sauce, but we didn't care. The night was ours. On to dessert. The choices were very unique. I get so sick of the same old desserts. I ordered the blackberries in sauce with caramel. They got the passion fruit mousse. Okay, my caramel was a little too rich for me, but all in all, very delectable desserts. After spending more than we planned on, it was still well worth it. At 34 dollars, I got a great meal, drinks, and desserts. That is not common!! After leaving, we continued to laugh at our food intake ability.
