It pains me to say this... but Alinea was a disappointment. My boyfriend and I looked forward to our anniversary dinner here for months, and when the Michelin Guide ratings were announced, it only fueled our curiosity and excitement. To start, I have to say I was pretty disappointed in the appearance of Alinea. It's somewhat chic but very plain--some minimalist, modern decor and overall a "clean" look--but frankly, quite boring. I'm not asking for Trump styling, but I do think that even to achieve a modern/sleek look they could have put some more effort into it. The ambiance just wasn't at all what I expected... not bad, just kind of lame. I looked past this and remained excited for the meal. With the buzz about this place, and the price tag, I expected to be BLOWN AWAY. Instead, I found most of the dishes odd, salty, and just... not yummy. The savory dishes and elements were salty and had strong, mismatched flavors... I especially did not like the rabbit consumme--I could barely get it down the hatch (though I did try, since it was so expensive!). The pineapple "sheet" and foams didn't even taste sweet... just odd. I felt like I was eating from a high school chemistry experiment, not a top-rated restaurant. I will say, however, that the service was excellent. The waiters were attentive and not pretentious (which might be expected). Also, there were a couple of dishes I did enjoy... the short rib ravioli was excellent, the bubble gum/creme fraiche dessert was interesting, and the final chocolate dessert course was very good. I also have to give points for creativity and the presentation, which was exceptional. But overall, the tiny portions and odd flavors did not thrill me in the least. I have had many fine dining experiences in Chicago that have exceeded this one... and I hate to keep bringing up the price (I am more than happy to shell out big bucks for worthwhile experiences), but here it was just not commensurate with the experience. I am glad I tried it, but I would not go back (unless the menu changes and I find a wealthy benefactor).
