Simply amazing! The best Neapolitan style pizza I have had outside Italy. I have both lived in Italy (Rome) as well as visited Italy many times and Spacca Napoli utterly nails true wood fired chewy Neapolitan pies. Spacca Napoli was actually referred to me by my co-worker's wife who was born in Naples, Italy. On her recommendation I went with friends last spring and absolutely fell in love with the place. I have been back nearly a dozen times since and the quality of the pizza has been constantly superb.I last visited on Valentines day for a Sunday lunch. I had just started dating my girlfriend and wanted to take her out somewhere casual and not too over the top since it was a relatively new relationship. Spacca lived up to the bill and then some! It really is my go to place for a fun and casual dinner or lunch. Anyways, on Sunday the place was full, but not overly crowded and we were seated promptly. The table next to us was occupied by the owner Jonathan, one of the chefs as well as two other individuals. They had a cook book and a few notepads open discussing menu tweaks over glasses of wine. It was really fascinating to overhear and added an extremely interesting human element to our lunch. It definitely gave me an insight into how much they care about their food.  I ordered one of their specials (There are usually three pizza specials daily) which was a white pizza with prosciutto, portobello mushrooms, cherry tomatoes, arugula and shaved Parmesan cheese. It was amazing. The gf got the standard margarita pizza which she was very pleased with! I also went about a month ago with a group of friends for dinner and we found the place packed. (Every time I have been for dinner it seems to have been more and more packed. The place really has picked up steam) Sadly, there was a 15-20 minute wait. However, the owner came out with a tray of white pizza slices with fresh rosemary and sea salt as a complementary appetizer for everyone who was waiting for the table, which was a nice touch. Dinner was great, they have a reasonable selection of Italian wines as well as Italian beers such as Peroni and Moretti. The interior is nice, but casual and the patrons ranged from couples to families. (In the summer they have nice outdoor seating as well!)  Also, while on our way out we were given mini cannolis as a treat to cap off the experience. Perfect ending.About the Pizza: I know some of the other reviews have been really critical of the soggy center of the pizza. However Spacca Napoli specializes in pizza in the Neapolitan style. That is a chewy, bubbly, slightly sour crust with edges that have little charred bits due to the intense heat of the wood fired oven and a wet chewy center. Neapolitan style pizza gets is signature chewy texture from the intense heat of the wood fired oven. At temps over 1200 degrees F, the pizza cooks extremely fast. In doing so, very little moisture is lost from the pizza, which in turn creates the chewiness. Roman style pizza on the other hand, which is characterized by a thinner and crisper crust, is a result of cooking at a lower temp range (400-800 degrees F). This requires the pizza to remain in the oven longer, and as a result more moisture is cooked out of the dough and creates the crispy texture.  Anyways, that was a overly detailed explanation, however what Spacca does truly is an art form and I feel that it is only fair for them to be judged within the realm of the Neapolitan style, and as such a description of exactly what Neapolitan pizza is turns out to be pretty key. The purposeful wet middle portions complements the sauce of crushed San Marzano tomatoes and fresh mozzarella while contrasting with the soft and chewy perimeter. Here is a page with some legit photos of a actual pies from the place: http://www.passportfoodi ...pizza seriously is an art form at Spacca.Yeah the place is off the beaten path up north in Ravenswood and slightly expensive considering it is a pizza joint, but if you are ever in the mood for true Neapolitan style pizza hit up Spacca Napoli, you won't be disappointed!
