I'm conflicted. Let's just say that.  This review for me is somewhere between 2.5-3 stars. Yes, I know: Stone me now all you guys who gave 5 stars. In part my rating is based on how many 5 stars this got, and my general expectations going in, vs. my actual experience. Maybe, as a reviewer said, this is THE best hot dog in Chicago. I wouldn't know, because it's true, I only eat hot dogs a few times a year. It's not my thing, and I only crave a dog when I want hugely bad-for-you food, and maybe yes, I am PMSing. But when I WANT it, I do love me a goddamn good hot dog. So there is that, as well. And I also like gourmet food. So... Maybe I am a simple girl, at heart. When I want a hot dog, I want something earthy and good and dressed down and still awesome, not dressed up.  Which is why Hot Doug's confuses me. It's like Grammy night at the smorgasbord. I went in with an open mind. I thought if I had to stand in line for freakin' 50 minutes, I'd order a lot. And I thought: Foie Gras, dressed DOWN! Hot dog dressed UP! And cheese! What could be better? Simple, now, is my thinking. I had two 'special' hot dogs, and one plain. It doesn't matter what 'specials' I had--though if you want to know, my husband and I had the foie gras dog and "the dog" and I had the "Fire Dog" and the "Selma". But I don't think any special dog would change the review. At 9.00 a pop, the specials were *nothing* I could complain about. Really! Well, maybe the bun. (See my other reviews...I am a huge bun/dough girl.) The encased meats WERE really divine. The cheeses and sauces were also good. But, there is this: I would never brag about them, either. And at 9.00 a HOT 'DOUG', wouldn't you think I should be bragging? So here's my problem: I was still weirdly not satisfied. To large degrees. And at 9.00 a bun?!  And an hour wait? This place left me thinking about word-of-mouth hype. I can't complain about it--I can't at all--but I can't at all say my heart swelled on that one of few occasions I SERIOUSLY wanted a damn hot dog.  I really, really wanted to love this place. But for the price and overall 'happiness', I'd sooner skip this 'meal.' Oh, regarding service (Forgot this, and adding now): Doug is SO very nice. Really helpful, friendly. A+++++ However, after waiting in line almost an hour, and watching people bunch up at the 'end of the line', waiting for tables (there is really no room), I was very aware of who was in front of us (and should get seated first) and who was behind us (and, after a long wait, should get seated after). So the waiter dude, who wasn't paying any attention whatsoever, tried to get my husband and I to wait when we went for the 'open table' and were next in line. He swore the people behind us were ahead of us. I explained, nicely, that No, we were ahead of the other couple. and he said we weren't!!! Really? Like he was painfully waiting for an hour to be seated? It actually took the couple behind us, who this dude wanted to seat ahead of us, stepping up and saying "REALLY, they were here first" that we got seated. If this wouldn't have happened--the couple stepping in--and if said waiter wouldn't have seated us when we should have been seated, this would be one star. Because I don't wait forever, pay a fortune NOT to be satisfied and then on top of it be called a liar. Indirectly.
