went for the monday nite family dining with my boyfriend, my psuedo-girlfriend, and her boyfriend. our foursome was quite impressed. my friend and her bf had been before, so they had good suggestions of what to select from the menu. i was definately excited to see how many options we had to choose from that were included in the $19.95/person deal. there was bread, oil, and parm on the table, but the friend and i are trying to run a stupid 5K and lose weight for some upcoming trips so we avoided it and instead focused on the courses to come. here's what we ordered: apps - bruschetta and grilled calamari - bruschetta was great, loaded with tomatoes and flavor - grilled calamari was totally gross, but that's just because i refuse to eat things that look like "creatures" and the little squid guys still looked like well, little squid guys. everyone else thought it was okay salads - ceasar and asparagus - ceasar dressing was very good, croutons crip, romaine tasty - asparagus salad was awesome! mixed greens, raw? asparagus, and a light dressing made for a great flavorful combination entrees - gnocci, mushroom risotto, spaghetti w/mussels, clams, etc - gnocci was FANTASTIC. my bf and i are fighting on gchat right now because he ate all of the leftovers and i am sad. jk jk. it was great tho. - risotto had a great flavor, kind of marsala-y that i didn't expect. duh, there are mushrooms involved, but i didn't expect the sauce to be that big of a part of the dish. delicious. - spaghetti w/ seafood was loved by the other 3 diners. again, i don't eat creatures, especially ones still living in their homes/shells. dessert - tiramisu - a huge portion and very delicious. the ladyfingers seemed to have been soaked for the right amount of time and absorbed the right about of flavor, not overwhelming which is good. a great end to a great meal. we also selected a bottle of pinot grigio for about $30, so for 4 people to dine it was right around $120 before tip. a great deal, and very nice that the boyfriends paid! :) the amount of food served to us could have fed 6-8 people, so we had plenty of leftovers. we left the restaurant very full and very happy and very ready to come back again!!!
