this is a place where patrons wait outside to fill their bellies full of warm, comforting, vegan food that the chicago diner offers. bf's first time trying vegan (i didn't tell him it was vegan before we came here. thank god the name didn't give it away.) his brow started furrowing as he started perusing the menu and his eyes slowly raised to bore into mine. "vegan?!" he hissed between his teeth. "where the hell have you bro--" and that's when the super friendly (god i love people in chicago) waiter popped by ready to take our orders. i quickly ordered the dagwood with a side of mac & cheese and the bf reluctantly ordered a veggie omelet with vegan cheese and hash browns. for good measure i added a vegan chocolate chip cookie and vegan berry cheesecake to go. i endured 15 minutes of the silent treatment from bf as he sulked and became suddenly super busy with his phone. most likely texting his friends how his gf was torturing him with cruciferous greens and cheese made out of nutritonal yeast. i myself embrace vegan and vegetarian restaurants because most of my natural allergies and intolerances are accounted for in their dishes. when our plates came out, i noticed bf kept eyeballing mine with that "damn, i kinda want a bite" look. i happily chomped away on the delicious ginormous sandwich bursting with savoury "meats" and crunchy lettuce & tomato while relishing the zing from the sauce lacing the delcious bread. in all honesty, i didn't like the mac & cheese. i found it very bland and the noodles too bloated (?) for my taste. i didnt even other trying bf's omelet because i was too engulfed with my dagwood. i was really tempted to try the reuben but i was so stuffed i knew it'd be a bad idea. when i finished my first half, i paused to breathe and bf snatched the other half and inhaled it. i guess he couldn't help himself. he kept "mmm-ing" and "this is f*ing crazy"-ing. when the cookie & cheesecake came out, he didn't even hesitate and dug in. now, since we've returned, he wants to try every single vegan restaurant we pass by. thanks chicago diner :)
