It was time to celebrate my cousin's birthday, so we took her out to the Publican. It was my first time here but I have heard so much hype, so I was really excited! Two of my favorite things in the world are seafood and pork... the Publican will deliver on that for you! The inside is unlike many restaurants I've been in. They have communal tables and then private booths that are more like pig pens? haha The waiting area/bar is a neat idea but not ideal if you're waiting for a long time IMO. The bathroom area is also really weird. Just one giant room - separate stalls but one giant fountain to wash up at... you can also see who does/doesn't wash their hands! (nasties) haha On to the food.. Chef's selection of oysters. Very nice variety of delicious oysters served with mignonette. We were given a card with the names of the types of oysters but that wasn't much help.. I wish the waiter would've explained them. Hamachi Crudo. I love hamachi prepared like this almost anywhere.. publican does it nicely! nice flavor profile and the addition of pistachios was a pleasant surprise. The integrity of the fish was maintained which is really important. Sweetbreads. I also enjoy sweetbreads very much and they cooked it perfectly. The garnish was hit/miss among the table but I definitely enjoyed it. Steak Tartare. Really good! I grew up eating the Laotian equivalent of tartare so, I'm always on the prowl to try new preparations. This one featured some sort of herb that had a very earthy and warm taste. I would totally order it again. Livornese Seafood Stew. Basically cioppino/bouillabaisse minus the white fish. Everything was seasoned perfectly and the crostini and rouille were a nice touch. Charcuterie. Assorted cold cuts of pork. What more could you ask for? Suckling Pig Plate. Extremely flavorful and tender pork. Cooked to perfection. Probably the highlight of the evening aside from the oysters. They have a vast selection of craft beers and a great wine list to choose from as well. This place is SOLID.
