I was looking for a place to have my family for mothers day, and my daughters christening (a 2 in 1). I talk to Omar for the first time 4-23 and he said he can accommodate my party of 35. He needed to talk to the chef about the menu and I called after the weekend, like he told me to (4-26) He still didn't have the menu together, he said his chef left already and if he could call me back the next day, well that was fine (kind of). So I called him (4-27) cause the event was not that far away. Omar asked if I wanted the whole room or just half of the room I again reminded him what the event was for and how half of the room was fine so he could still do business being mothers day and all. I still didn't receive a menu but told him I don't mind spending $25-30 per person (even after he told me $15-20 depending on the menu), I was upset; still waiting for some type of food menu, and after another talk on the phone I felt everything was still ok! When we hung up the phone he called me back 15 min later to tell me he didn't realize it was mothers day and he doesn't take reservation on holidays....OMG I talked to Omar 2 other time to info him on what this was for and I mentioned the christening and mothers day twice!!!I know this is what I went threw with NANAS! I got in my car and went over there to talk face to face cause the phone thing wasn't going on anymore. Omar stated we didn't have a written contract so I guess his word isn't worth anything. What a smack in the face, I do not and will not be going back o Nana's, Thanks Omar Solis for giving me the run around just so I could be left to find some where else to take my family and friends to! I also want to mention that I told Omar the internet was the only voice I had, and he has done nothing to help fix this issue and I was going to write something Negative if he still couldn't help me case at this point he wasn't....Omar told me to do what I have to that it was not going to effect his business. I'm venting on Nana's cause of what I went threw and how I was treated.
