We live in an absolute meat lovers paradise here in Chicago... you know it's true, we didn't get this heavy eating tofu now did we? With a different steakhouse on almost every corner downtown, the choices for the tastiest cuts are pretty much limitless, think about it: Gene & Georgetti's, Morton's, Ruth's Chris, Keefer's, Smith & Wollensky, Sullivan's, Chicago Chophouse, Gibson's.... shall I go on? I think I need not... So, with this type of competition you really have to bring your meaty A-Game to the dinner table as there is much comparison to be had in the market. To be frank, I'm even a little surprised that Kinzie has managed to stay around as long as it has. Maybe I caught them on an off night? Perhaps the Merch Mart workers keep it plugging along happily as a convenient spot to hit up an alright business lunch? But for dinner? Blech! Two stars was the only way to go, 'I've experienced better', indeed. The food was downright disappointing... almost all of it, with the standout exceptions being a plate of fried calamari and a chocolate molten cake, everything else screamed mediocre. Our starter of mussels - all lonely 8 of them - were nothing to write home about, low on taste and high on being plated sloppily, I'd pass on these in favor of bruschetta or anything else 10x over if dining here again. Bummer. The surf and turf (we should never have attempted this here) was even worse... an appallingly under-seasoned and tasteless cut of filet beside an even more sad and tragically overcooked lobster tail. It must be the blind leading the blind back in that kitchen, how is this even acceptable?? Everything has no flavor! The Super Sexy Bobby Flay School of Grill 101 teaches everyone within the sound of a tv that you ALWAYS and GENEROUSLY season a steak, and you NEVER, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE cook a lobster tail for more than 10 minutes. If I know this - and I'm not chef - how don't they? AMATEURS. That's how. A side of wild mushroom risotto rounded out more of the same... blandness, blahness, blechness. Just downright boring Snoozeville. All of it. Now going back to my aforementioned list of swank steakhouse spots (note: above), feel free to pick any one of those for a fabulous steakhouse experience full of flavor that won't leave you with the taste of - literally - nothing in your mouth.
