I've been to Gino's East's suburban locations a few times in the last few years but this was my first time downtown. We were in town for the Fire-Sporting KC game and none of us wanted to do the boring walk to Giordano's by Midway, so I encouraged 8 of my friends and my sister to follow my blessed advise and venture with me downtown. After my sister and I argued on which location to go to, we finally rolled into the original about 15 minutes than we had planned, still with 3 hours or so to spare before we needed to be back for the bus. The line was long, we started thinking we'd have to move on. They kept our bigger group aside and told us 20 minutes, which, frankly, had me quite surprised and happy. About 7 minutes after that, we were already seated at our table on the awesome third floor and was prepared for a chow down. My sister and I decided to split an order of Cheesy Pizza Bread with two other friends and a small Chicago fire(I was trying to jinx our opponents and it failed) to split between the two of us as well. The cheese bread was fantastic, the order of marinara sauce went untouched from my sister and I, the perfect amount already slathered below the cheese, perfectly melted. They low balled us again on the time, 45 minutes to an hour turned into 30 minutes for the pizza and that beautiful succulent Chicago tradition of meaty, deep, saucy pizza was in front of me and I could not be contained. There is something to be said about the sausage patty that they put on deep dish up there. It is what is right about everything in that city and I come back for it each time. The spiciness was nice and subtle enough for me to enjoy and not burn my poor dear sister's tastebuds due to my appetite for extremely spicy foods. Waitress was perfect in helping us split the bill and such for cash and credit card payments, so we were out of there in record time to hop back on the red to the orange. True, we could have saved sometime by going to our original destination at the one a few blocks over, but the atmosphere of the original is hard to beat. Hopefully I won't have to go 3 years in between my rendezvous with deep dish.
