Most Amazing Birthday Lunch Ever! My bf and I visited Chicago for a short vacation. We share the same birthday, and wanted to have a fun, outrageous, and only-in-Chicago experience. After spending the early afternoon on the Architecture Foundation Boat Tour, we took a cab to Hot Doug's (we walked to the nearest CTA station afterwards, and it was a pretty far and somewhat shady journey). It was a Wednesday afternoon, so the line wasn't long. Only 2 people out the door as opposed to the block-long line you would see on Fridays and Saturdays. True, coming on the weekday means no duck fat fries, but we came for the hot dogs. Plus, I would imagine that locals avoid Hot Doug's during those tourist days. Instead, the weekday line is populated with locals - we struck up a long conversation with the guy in front of us who lives nearby and visits Hot Doug's once a week! Following the local's advice, we ordered off the Specials menu: Saucisson Alsacienne, Antelope Sausage, and of course, Foie Gras and Sauternes Duck Sausage. Doug was there taking the orders - it's very refreshing to meet the owner of a small business, and all the more reason to visit Hot Doug's. My bf and I split the three hot dogs, so that we could both taste each one. The Antelope Sausage was lean yet juicy, with a spicy mayo sauce and sliced cheese, slightly melted. The Saucisson Alsacienne with its creme fraiche and cheesy toppings provided a great contrast: a spicy hot dog followed by a smooth and creamy one. But the showstopper was the Foie Gras and Sauternes Duck Sausage! The duck sausage was incredibly meaty. The truffle aioli and bursts of fleur de sel added depth and flavor. And the foie gras came as 4 perfectly round discs, artfully layered on top. I've seen various photos on Yelp of the foie gras served as a crumbled mess - perhaps we lucked out! The trip out to Hot Doug's is definitely worth it, even without the duck fat fries. A 10-minute wait to eat the most delicious, savory and unique hot dogs ever!
