Reading the menu on the website, I wanted to eat everything. When we arrived, I had a hard time deciding what to get, but eventually decided on six items to share for two: 1. Garrotxa-stuffed cippollini onions in a savory tomato sauce were simply amazing. 2. Octopus and potatoes in olive oil with lemon and paprika. Octopus was more tender than i could have imagined and paired beautifully with the confit potato. 3. Crab rice was a perfect size portion of risotto-style rice with large chunks of crab, a crispy crab cake, and tiny quail egg on top. 4. Shrimp, chorizo, garbanzo flat bread was served with some sort of sweet fresh cherry tomato salad on top. 5. Duck breast with a crispy salty skin, diced Cabernet-marinated apple on top of a swoosh of La Peral cheese and a foie gras-duck confit crepe. 6. Lobster, rabbit, chicken and chorizo rice soup. The soup came first and was good, enhanced with a slice of bread and neon orange piquillo pepper aioli. Everything got better from there. Octopus is a must have, served on a round wood plate and garnished with a lemon slice. So fresh, so tender and delicious. The crab rice was generously laden with crab meat and a refined touch of perfectly cooked english peas. The flat bread was amazing. The flavors of each ingredient vibrantly individual yet harmonizing into something new and spectacular. The duck was cooked perfectly--salty on the outside which mixed with the sweetness of the sauce and the creamy le peral cheese underneath the wine soaked apples. Then desert. Liquid chocolate croquettes with a vanilla marshmallow and rosemary-caramel came on a beautiful plate with just a dash of really fine olive oil. Sweet pea-lavender ice cream sounded insane and was...But i like that kind of thing. Rosemary-olive oil ice cream was the best of the three, while the mango-chili sorbet took third place as the spice from the chilies was surprisingly absent.  Some of the best food in town...not to mention fast intelligent service as well as a beautiful dining room.  I will certainly be back.
