So, riddle me this. Kevin Boehm and Rob Katz, the dynamic duo behind Boka, Landmark, Perennial, & Girl and the Goat, were sitting across the way from me at The Publican on a late weeknight. I know, I know, there's a lot of love in the restaurant community. It's not uncommon to see chefs and owners frequent other establishments. I can't tell you how many times I've seen Jerry Kleiner when I'm at Lula Caf. Don't you think though that it's a little dubious seeing these 2 guys at The Publican? It's a mere 5 minutes walk from Girl and the Goat, and for me, they are direct competitors of each other. Anyway, I'm just saying... I've been to Publican many times, and have been impressed with their consistently solid food. This evening started with a bottle of the 2007 Caligiore Reserve bonarda from Mendoza. Argentinian malbecs get all the love, but this humble bonarda asserted itself with loads of berries and fig. The Fried Perch came, pieces of crispy fish with sweet potato crisps, shaved celery, shaved Parmigiano, and a harissa aioli. I liked how the breading was crispy and crunchy, but not doughy. The harissa aioli gave a very nice punch of heat. Would have been perfect if the dish was served in a paper bag, and I was staring at the sea somewhere along the Amalfi coast. Next up was Tuscan Kale with Raisins and Pine Nuts. Slightly blanched kale, a nice touch as it took out the rawness of the leaves. The kale was dressed in an assertive vinaigrette of garlic and chili peppers. I haven't been here in a while, and was reminded again of their brand of salty, aggressive food. Then, the finale, Roasted Slagel Farm Chicken with Summer Sausage and Frites. I just loved the juiciness of the chicken. The summer sausages were in thick chunks (think small corn cobs), and assertively smoky. The fries were nicely crisped, and just a touch soggy from having sat in the chicken jus. And let me tell you about the jus! All the chicken goodness, flavored with oregano and lemon. Everything I had cut up went back into the platter to get slicked with the jus. I can drink this all day. Why 3 stars? Publican is good at doing what it does. Everything is bold and assertively flavored. A heavy hand on the salt, so just be mindful of that. Coming here, one has to have the mindset of eating a heavy, hearty meal. So while I don't come here often, whenever the occasion calls for it, I'll be there. I'll be looking out for the Bat Signal.
