Longman & Eagle is the least expensive of Chicago's Michelin Star restaurants and is the only gastropub to be so starred. Featuring locally sourced nose-to-tail American cuisine. There is also a vast adult beverage menu with several house specialties (I really enjoyed the hot Yuzu Toddy) and a great beer list along with lots of wines and spirits. Longman & Eagle unfortunately does not take reservations so my advice is to come early as this is an extremely popular venue; my friend and I arrived a little before 6:00pm on a Thursday night and managed to score one of the last remaining two tops before the evening rush commenced. By the time we received our amuse bouche there was already a small crowd of people standing near the bar eagerly awaiting their turn. The ambiance is that of an upscale pub but is a tad on the loud side and tables are quite close together. Service is attentive and professional but our server was all about business rather than personable. The pace of the meal was somewhat faster than I had anticipated (especially considering how full they were), but it did not feel at all rushed. The menu at Longman & Eagle frequently changes based on what fresh ingredients can be procured. The menu is divided up until a few sections: Bar snacks, Small Plates, Salads and Sandwiches and Entrees (there is a sample menu online that provides a pretty good idea of what to expect but my buddy was sad that the seared duck testicles on the online menu were not available in house tonight). My friend and I split a bar snack and two small plates and each had our own entree. Our bar snack (buffalo sweetbreads) was small, but very tasty. It consisted of four pieces of battered sweetbreads coated with hot sauce made to resemble buffalo wings. For the small plates we partook in the roasted bone marrow with a very nice red onion jam and a pig face dish made to resemble a Reuben sandwich (this was outstanding). My entree was a leg of venison in a gingerbread sauce (I am a big fan of having a sweet component to savory foods). This was good as well, but the appetizers I enjoyed a tad more than the entree; my friend opted for a bacon rapped rabbit which he seemed to really enjoy. While the appetizers were a tad on the small size, the entrees were fairly generous. There were a handful of "safe" foods (as well as a small vegetarian menu) for those not into eating odd animal parts (or "scary" foods as my wife calls them). The dessert was possibly the best part of the evening and was a fun dish with lots of components (we both ordered the same dessert). It had a shot glass filled with a popcorn mousse, a cooked spiced apple, a shortbread cookie and a generous scoop of bacon ice cream completed with some maple powder. Excellent dessert and combined with the entrees and starters this was the perfect sized meal to leave satisfied but not uncomfortable. While I wish Longman & Eagle took reservations, so long as you come early (and opt for a weeknight) one can avoid the wait). There is plenty of parking nearby as well as a blue line el stop across the street. While Longman & Eagle is not quite as good an overall experience as most of the other Michelin starred venues I have had the pleasure of frequenting, the food is a real good value and the menu interesting enough I would definitely like to return here. The adult beverages are also quite favorably priced (most cocktails are just $8 and large glasses of craft beer run $6 to $7). Our tab for the evening (three small dishes, two entrees, two desserts, two beers, two cocktails and a coffee) came to $75 per/person before gratuity. If you are interested in quaffing some good beverages and dining on well prepared nose to tail cuisine in a vibrant but casual atmosphere, Longman & Eagle is a great choice.
