Ok so after hearing amazing reviews from friends I decide to try it out with my best friend after work. So we get there and I ask if they serve wine. The hostess clearly answers me with "No." I ask him if they are byob.. he says Yes and directs me to Treasure Island three blocks away and tells me to hurry because tables are filling up. Jogging 3 blocks in heels? No problem for some vino and yummy sushi. I get back and we sit down..start scoping the menu..wait a minute they have drinks on the menu?? Why did the hostess tell me no? The waitress comes over and rudely makes me aware that i have to pay 5 bucks for the bottle of wine I never would have purchased in the first place had I known they served wine. Out of principal I explain to her the situation and kindly tell her Im not trying to cause a problem but i just dont think its fair for me to pay, considering. She laughs and says "too bad." Are you kidding? I reply "Go get your manager." 15 minutes go by no one will speak to us. My friend and I are wondering..are we getting punked?? Mind you I have been both a waitress and bartender. I get it. Rules are rules. This thing comes over..6 foot tall anorexic man with skinny jeans, bedazzled top, scarf, earrings and major attitude. He stands over us with arms folded and says "ARE YOU THE GIRLS THAT WONT PAY??!" We initially try hard not to laugh because this is some kind of prank, i think. I re-explain the situation adding things like "..i dont want to get anyone in trouble (host)" and "its really not a big issue i just dont think its fair." etc. He has the audacity to walk over and get the hostess so he can "see who is lying." I feel like I am in high school and I am being confronted on some gossip. it was outrageous. I then say 'Listen this really is unnecessary..I dont understand why you are being mean to us." He replies with "well you either pay the $5 or you can eat elsewhere." I reply "wow you really took this to another level." We obviously leave...and go to my long time fave Naniwa. Over dinner we keep asking ourselves..Did that really happen..that was so outrageous.
