So I'm going to have to piggyback on Pip G. and Joel A.'s reviews about being able to actually see the things you don't want to see whilst dining in a pretty hip and new restaurant. I do have to admit that prior to actually going The Publican, my friend and I briefly skimmed Pip G.'s review, but didn't take into consideration the grossness when finally agreeing upon The Publican. Do we regret it? I don't think so. Just kind of creeped out. So you've already read about the long communal tables. My friend and I sat across from one another next to a group of about 6-7 people. It was still pretty early before any kind of rush, so they left us a chair between us and them. Fab! We weren't too hungry so we chose a bleu cheese and the ham sampler on which to nosh. We also ordered some good beers. As mentioned before, this was before the evening rush, so there seemed to be significantly more employees on the dining floor than patrons. This caused the employees - bussers, expeditors, etc. - to have to find things to do, as to look busy. So the guy assigned to our area was this such person...and probably has ADD. He was constantly fidgeting with the table settings and chairs. He was re-re-re-re-arranging a table setting 2 seats down from us when we both noticed that he was having trouble clearing away some crumbs from the cracks of the aforementioned communal tables. He couldn't clean it out with his rag, so he grabbed the knife and used the tip of it to clear away the crumbs, and then placed the knife back on the side of the plate. Then he walked away. Now...just like Joel A. said "we can see you!"  My friend and I had to do our good deed for the day and get that knife replaced somehow without totally calling this dude out. But he was such a lurker, that it made it difficult to make a move. I was able to switch the knife with the one next to me so that I could keep my eyes on it. We tried to scoot it over towards our eating area as if we were using it and he, of course, came by and moved it next to the plate - not even conferring with us if we were using it. Finally we were able to sneak it on to our plates as another man cleared our table. Of course shortly thereafter, once our 'friend' saw that there was a knife missing, he quickly replaced it....but from where did he get that knife...?? Needless to say, the food, the little that we ate, was good. Great beer selection - lots of Euro, US microbrews, and local brews. Has a great ambiance and I'm sure it's bumpin' later at night.  I'd recommend it with the disclaimer, of course, but probably wouldn't go back.
