We will never step foot in this place again!On 7/24/10 we had the most insulting experience at Greek Islands. 2 years ago our Best Friend had met his soul mate in the Greek Islands Restaurant. We had planned a Greek Town Pub Crawl with 14 friends when we arrived at Greek Islands and from a distance our best friend seen his soul mate in the crowd. As she did not notice him yet our friend pointed her out and said she will be my wife one day. As the night progressed he made eye contact with her and went over and spoke to her from then on they lived the fairy tale Love at First Sight. Now 2 years later our best friend wanted to relive the fairytale and had all same 16 friends come to dinner including his soul-mate waiting to purpose to her. One week prior we tried to make dinner reservations online which the website for Greek Islands said we needed to call to make reservations. We tried to call and we were told they don't take dinner reservations. So we had 14 people show up with no dinner reservations. We put our name on the list but we were told we had a 1.5-2 hour wait. So we started to wait and could not wait for the proposal to happen. Our Best Friend had all the intentions to purpose to his princess at the place where he met her. He took her over to the area where he first spotted her and started to serenade her with the ring in his hand. The grumpy old man at the door (which he is always grumpy we have been there before) came up to our friend and told him that this is a restaurant and to stop immediately. He was told to go and sit down. This grumpy old man ruined the perfect proposal. Our friend has an amazing voice and he was in the middle of a marriage proposal seriously???? Regardless we were all deeply offended grabbed our group and went to Rodity's where we had the most amazing dinner, service and marriage proposal regardless of the terrible treatment we received at Greek Islands. I don't understand how a so called respected restaurant can be so mean to people. We were not the only ones mistreated. You have a place of business where you know many tourists come to visit and you treat them like crap. Not to mention this place is very loud so our friend singing did not make a difference. We have been to the Greek Islands before and the waiters do not respect women. It's seems that we are frowned upon. I have no idea why people come back time and time again to be treated rudely. Regardless I want to thank Greek Island for introducing us to such a fantastic, respectful, family oriented and proposal friendly place Roditity's and we will not be promoting Greek Island anymore!
