Flippen Awesome! In person I used a different F word. I live across the circle from this place and feel like I just won some kind of gastronomical lottery! The food is amazing, the staff well informed and gracious, and the drinks rock. We were there promptly at 5pm when they opened and there was already a group of four people waiting to get in! Guess the word is out. We were all seated quickly and our server was over in flash to sort out our order. My BF and I had a divide and conquer strategy with the menu and drinks list. He went for the whiskey tasting and I ordered us up the Gnudi with crispy sage, Scallops with Oxtail, and Kobi meatballs on polenta. We were not messing around. Within minutes our drinks and amuse bouche of beets with a whipped goat cheese drizzeled with truffle oil arrived at the table. Why thank you &, don't mind if I do! The food rolled out at a pleasant pace starting with the Seared Scallops & Braised Oxtail, potato gnocchi and Fontina fonduta. A healthy portion for $12. This was my favorite starter by far. The scallops were perfectly seared and the oxtail was melt in your mouth delicious. The Gnudi was a fun cheesey take on gnocchi and very delicately placed on the plate with a leaf of crispy sage placed on top. I could snack on crispy sage all night, yum. The gnudi themselves were very good, but I think I prefer the gnocchi that came with the Scallops. Simply a style choice or maybe I just prefer my Italian dumplings covered with oxtail and fonduta. The meatballs were delicious and although I don't usually use this word to describe meatballs, they were delicate and very tasty. We could have stopped right then and been satisfied, but we wanted more. We decided that the Veal Breast with Bacon Brussel Spouts and Beef Cheek Manicotti was the next dish on deck. And let me say to the Chef, well done sir! The veal was tender enough to cut with my fork and the sauce had us in a zen like state. I'm not sure where we found the room but we simply had to try the Chocolate Bannana Bread pudding and it was wonderful. It was moist, rich, and we damn near licked the bowl clean. It's been a while since I looked at a menu and saw so very many things that looked so unbelievably delicious. I'm coming back this week with my girlfriends in tow. I have them convinced it's for their sake, because I want to share this great new restaurant with them. But really it's purely and selfishly, so I can have more people with me to taste more of that menu.  For the record how many times is it socially acceptable to visit a restaurant within a week without being pegged as a stalker?
