Yelp is like the modern day encyclopedia. If it ain't been Yelp'd.. Well it ain't right! After rigorous research on choosing a restaurant that offered good food, service, reasonable prices, and a casual but not dive feel in this area, Chicago Q it was. I must admit.. I was a happy camper when I left. First let me say how AMAZING the service here was. Keep in mind this is a modern BBQ place (as someone below described) but the service was 5 stars. I felt as if I was the only person they were waiting on. Paul is amazing and had great recommendations and offered the perfect amount of service to ensure our happiness and not annoyance. He got pulled into a large group and we got concerned for a moment. I think one of the "Greeters" noticed and came over to assist with a SMILE. I mean this girl was in her cute dress and heels, but yet she took our plates, wiped our table and bagged up my food. That's why I call service and would keep me coming back again and again. EVERYONE was fantastic. Now on to the food. They start you with the house butter chips (sweet pickles) and regular house BBQ chips. Both were tasty and we are off to a nice start. Since this meal was about all you could eat.. no drinks except water at this table.. bring on the meat! We then opt for the BBq Shrimp and Lemon Infused-Grits. Now the Shrimp was gigantic and the grits were not those southern Grits, but were a nice mix of creamy and traditional. They had a lemon butter sauce or something but it was yuckie. It good be eaten as a meal depending on how hungry you are. Then we opted for the main course *ding, ding, ding* I had the Pulled Chicken Sandwich (smoked chicken) with Fries and we split an order of mac n cheese. This chicken sammich was soooooo delish! Oh my goodness. The fries were the perfect size, texture, seasoning. But let's go back to the sandwich. They serve you 4 sauces Original Mild, Spicy, Eastern North Carolina Vinegar and South Carolina Mustard Sauce. I LOVED the Eastern NC Vinegar and the Mild. Oh goodness. It took my sandwich to the next level. The mac n cheese was not bad either. It was served at room temp which was a bummer, but it was real cheese, not too runny, and kinda tasty. With the portions the way they are, I'll skip out.. Conclusion: I will be back!
