Nice modern space, but the location is tourist central. Lots of conventioneers and people from the nearby hotels debating between trying Brazzaz, Chili's (the excitement, how exotic) or Melting Pot (who can handle all that congealed melted cheese?) Well it looks like on a rainy night they all decided to head out to Brazzaz with me. Why are you asking did I go? Well I had a buy one get one free dinner coupon (can't stand to let a good coupon go to waste) and I was in the mood for some serious meat-eating. The space is modern and larger than it looks from the street. As another Yelper had mentioned though, the tables are really close together making the gaucho's job with those huge slabs of meat that much more difficult. The salad bar is centrally located though allowing easy access to get up and snack, that is if you're actually able to get up. I really enjoyed the salad bar. I don't think it compares to the variety of hot & cold items offered at Fogo de Chao, but it was all very fresh and impressive in its own right. There were 2 green salad options, pasta salad, tomatoes with mozzarella, asparagus, salty green beans, sushi (actually pretty decent), oysters, sauteed baby portobellos, broccoli, creamy mushroom risotto (went back for seconds - it had SO much heavy cream in it), tortellini pasta salad, artichoke hearts and a variety of some decent charcuterie options. I tried to get a lot of green so I felt "healthy" before I gorged myself on meat. So when you're ready you tentatively flip over your little button "Yes More Please!" and you're swarmed by gauchos with a wealth of meat. I had seconds on the lamb, sauteed shrimp, filet wrapped in bacon and pineapple (ok I had 4ths on the pineapple, but its "healthy") The filet mignon on its own was a bit bland. Come to think of it I enjoyed the rib as well - it had a little bit of sauce but I felt slightly self conscious grabbing that sucker and eating it with my hands. Who can still be hungry for dessert after this wealth of meat you ask? Well if you are, save what little money you have left in your pocket and head somewhere else. These desserts are bland. Overall a fun experience. If I'm in the mood for Meat Madness takes on Robyn T. #2 though I'll probably head to Fogo de Chao. Coupon or no coupon. Maybe I'll head back here in 5 years when I get another coupon. Until then I'm stickin' with the veggies.
