On January 20, 2012, I dined at Alinea. It was one of the best meals I will ever live to enjoy, and I'm okay with that. For the first time, I find it impossible to fit both a thoughtful review and a complete log of my meal into 5000 characters. I don't expect anyone to read all of this, but if you're interested, the full tour will be written below, with the remainder to follow. Michael K. snagged us a table for 9:15, weeks before we booked our flights for the bone chill of January in Chicago. My flight cost $220. My meal at Alinea $335. I'll tell you which one I liked more in a second. With Janice K. and her sister Frances, we made a party of four. We arrived a few minutes early and took advantage of the kitchen view while we waited. Grant Achatz kept himself busy in the most spotless, populated kitchen I've ever seen. When the time came, we were led to the downstairs dining room. The atmosphere was cool and calm, and the space was modern and sparsely decorated, interesting but not distracting. Our table got some flair from a captivating block of clear ice with magenta vial-shaped pockets. We were told this was not edible. Service was worthy of all 3 Michelin stars. Our head waiter Alex took care of us beautifully, with help from sommelier Ben, and waiters Johnny and Jeremiah. They were personable, even jokey, while never straying from perfect competence and professionalism. They presented every course in detail, and swept the table for crumbs after each dish was cleared. We kept Alex and Ben up until almost 2AM, and they made us feel welcome, even liked, while they waited on us hand, foot, finger, toe. We ordered two of the cheaper bottles of wine on the menu (a $55 Riesling and a $65 Rioja) instead of springing for the pairing, and we had no regrets. Otherwise, we were offered no choices, once we confirmed that we suffered neither aversions nor allergies. The feast just poured in, blowing our minds one bite at a time. The first part of our meal was a poem in sea ink, opening with charred cured roe with coconut, carrot, and a curry yuzu reduction. Other than the roe, nothing came in its original form, instead bringing soft textures that let the burst of roe take the tactile spotlight. The light, sweet, salty, curry-tinged dish set the bar high. Then came a presentation of shellfish on Malaysian driftwood draped with seaweed that told us the bar was there to stay. An oyster leaf confused and delighted, topped with a shallot mignonette. I hardly knew oyster could taste so much like oyster, never mind a single green leaf. King crab with passionfruit, pineapple, hearts of palm, avocado, rum, allspice, and vanilla provided a playful run of sweet and tropical flavors, with a juicy chunk of crab at its center. A long shell of razor clams marinated in XO sauce brought hearty Asian flavors with soy, shiso, and daikon. I loved the way the firm chew of the clams was accented by an accompaniment of carrot and ginger tapioca. The last shell on the driftwood held one of my favorite bites of the night - sea urchin with banana sabayon, black truffle, and coarse salt. Sweet, silky, earth-and-sea-scented perfection. Seafood played a supporting role in the next course, which featured yuba, dehydrated and fried, wrapped around jumbo shrimp with chive, orange taffy, sesame seeds, and togarashi, dipped into a sweet miso emulsion. There was crunch, there was snap; sesame seeds stuck to lips and tablecloth. While we enjoyed the yuba, we watched dashi brew in a siphon. The clear pot held seaweed, konbu, bonito, scallion, ginger, yuzu, and mirin, and when the broth was done, it was served with a delicate cube of scallop mousseline, fried to imitate agedashi tofu, garnished with cucumber, nasturtium, wasabi, carrot, chive, celery, and yuzu rind. The scallop was utterly delicious, with a slight crust and creamy insides. The broth and aromatics were irresistible, and I was glad when we got a cup of dashi to sip on. A long metal antenna impaled our next course, a bite of Hungarian wooly ham and hibachi-grilled squid, with sherry, orange, and fennel, which we plucked with our teeth. The tender squid fell just short of overpowering the ham, but they played together nicely. Then we drank our centerpiece. It was filled with a sweet floral juice of beet, hibiscus, and Italian licorice, which we had standing with glass straws. After that came an interlude of Sicilian family style dining, a way for Achatz to show that anything you can do, he can do better. Moist, flaky, herb roasted Atlantic scup came filleted over garlic basil mint puree, with sides of panella chickpea crackers and caponata, and a ramekin of Sicilian sea salt. The fish was perfectly cooked, and fritters were fun and crunchy. The caponata was the ultimate rustic side, with firm eggplant and raisins, capers, olives, pine nuts, and celery. The scup also came with wine - a pouring of French chardonnay, in ornate glasses. ***
