Let's do this quick and dirty: DRINKS Nice selection of cocktails and beers. Huge tequila menu if that's what you're looking for. My gf and I opted for beers. She got the Estrella Damm from Spain (decent lager, a little gritty) and I got the Tona from Nicaragua (very smooth lager, excellent finish). I also ordered a Samba-tini, which had white rum, passion fruit juice and something else (pineapple juice?). It was damn good in that fruity martini kind of way. FOOD - APPETIZERS Mofongo: They were kind of like falaffels, except with the consistency of cornmeal in the middle. It comes with a tomato sauce that is a little on the bland side in my opinion. But still pretty tasty. Arepa: This was fantastic. It's basically a corn and cheese cake with mushrooms. Tremendous flavors. Comes with a salad that was also very well flavored. FOOD - ENTREES Mama Mendez' Arroz Con Mariscos: Sort of like a paella. Lots of rice with various seafood and chorizo. It was decent though a bit pricy at $25 in my opinion. But definitely filling and it comes out piping hot (always a good thing in my book) Borrego: Colorado lamp chops. Holy schmoly this dish were good! Best lamp chops I have ever had, even better than the ones at Sola. The meat was so ridiculously tender and cooked perfectly. It also comes with a goat cheese puree and a spicy beat salsa. But it's all about the lamp chop. My only complaint is that I only got three chops for $38.  Fried Yuca: We got this as a side. Nice garlicky flavor. Nothing special but good enough. FOOD - DESSERT Bread Pudding: This was a bit funky, as there were pieces of roasted squash in the bread pudding and it was topped with a scoop of ginger ice cream (the ginger flavor is STRONG). I wasn't a bit fan of it but that depending on your taste buds, you might like it. SERVICE Top notch. The bus boys refilled our waters and cleared our plates very efficiently. Our server was very friendly and knowledgable about the menu. If you tell your server it's your first time at Carnivale, odds are you will receive a grandiose explanation about the different things on the menu. My only minor gripe was that I had to wait to see the drink menu a second time because our server was busy chatting it up with other patrons. Keeping the alcohol coming should always be a server's top priority! OVERALL My gf and I enjoyed our meal immensely. It's terrific dining experience that combines a creative menu with excellent service. It's definitely not cheap and you can probably get comparable food at much lower prices if you wander around Logan Square (Fonda del Mar) and Bucktown (Rios de Sudamerica). But it's definitely worth going to if you're looking for a great meal as part of your night out on the town.
