Last night was the last time I set foot into this place. Chicago's hottest day of the year out, 100+ degrees, pulmonary advisory, stay indoors where it's cool, etc. My roommate and I and his parents met up at Uncommon Ground for dinner. We walk in and notice that all of the doors and windows are open. No one says anything about it, the hottest day of the year, not the hostess nor our waitress. Terrible service from the start, must have been from the 90 degrees it was in that place. The menu online was not the same as when we were there, which sucked because I wanted a salad that they didn't offer there. Instead they served food we weren't really looking forward to eating, and my roommate could only order the burger because for some reason they decided to throw peanuts in almost everything (he has a peanut allergy). We had cold beet soup hoping it would cool us off. It was so bland and disgusting that no one had even finished half of it. I had the steak special, and the cut was tiny, plus the sauce they had it in tasted like straight up vinegar. Great way to spend $25.00 bucks. Our "ice" waters melted in about two seconds, no one's food tasted good and they were all really small portions. For the price they charge comp your food or get your fucking AC fixed! Nothing is worse than eating hot food in 90 degree weather. We all felt gross and were literally dripping of sweat half way through our dinner. The parking lot there is really stupid too. It's like, once you get in you can't get out because they turned most of it into an outdoor eating area. I'm honestly sick these these pretentious douchebag restaurants they gouge you just because they're "organic". $160. bucks! For what? Oh, I see, my two-scope ice cream that melt in 5 seconds was $7.00 bucks. FUCK THESE PLACES!!! I don't ever eat McDonalds, but last night I wish I did, I would have had a filling meal for a great price and at least they have AC. Oh, yeah, one last note about the douchery. The owner likes to park his car in the one spot in the lot that should really be reserved for handicapped folks because it's right by the front door. You can't miss it, it's the Audi sport with the plate UNCOMON. GO FUCK YOURSELF!
