Happy to announce, I've joined the rest of the free world by experiencing my first Pho. So without having anything to compare it to, not sure where this place falls on the spectrum, but there were a few notable aspects of my experience that stuck out. I was worried about what the wait would be after hearing how popular this was and planning to go at 7pm on a Friday night needing a table for 4. Luckily, they were able to fit us in at a long community table. My other concern was the fear of the unknown - never having had Pho, didn't know what to order, how to order, if I would be able to decipher the extensive menu (which is overwhelming to say the least). The staff was very attentive and extremely helpful. I took a leap of faith and just asked for the most popular dish and then asked what it consisted of. Before I even had to say anything, our server suggested that I have the beef pho without the stomach and cartilage ingredients. Yes please! I loved how fresh and flavorful the soup was and that I had the ability to add as much or as little garnish as my heart desired. Additionally, the other people sitting alongside us at the community table gave us tips on sauces and what to add, not add, etc. So the awkwardness that I originally felt being sat at a table with complete strangers actually made the experience more pleasant. My absolute favorite thing that we ordered at the table was the beef roll. It's basically a roll your own spring roll and even though it's an entre, we ordered it for the table as an app to share. It was perfect! They were fun to make at the table with everyone and we all had the ability to customize our own to our personal preferences. It was great and the beef was so flavorful and scrumptious. For dessert, I left with a tasty bubble tea. Lovely experience overall. This restaurant is not about all the bells and whistles. The dcor is modest. The tables and chairs are not fancy, but the food is solid and the price is right. For an added bonus, make it a cute date night or a fun field trip with friends by checking out the little grocery store around the corner. It's interesting to see all the products that you would never find at your typical Jewel or Dominicks.
