Ah, Dana Hotel, home sweet home for a few days. Overall, I'm most certainly a fan, but with a few caveats or odd design things that I wish someone had thought about (maybe they did?) in the design of the rooms. Pluses: + Clean and modern decor that still didn't feel sterile or cold. + Turn-down service with chocolate-covered fortune cookies (...and they filled my ice bucket, too?! Is that normal or did someone think I was going to have a party in my room?!) + Big comfy beds with smooshy comforters + Cool iPod docking stations with pretty great quality speakers + Flat-screen TVs with non-confusing remotes + Exceedingly friendly and helpful staff + A nice hotel bar on the ground floor + 24 hr room service was available if you needed it (though there is a 7-11 located across the street if you are looking for cheaper late-night snacks). +Free wifi +Mini-business center with 2 computers and a printer +Great towels! I don't know why this should be such a big deal, but it IS. sometimes even the nicest hotel have those super-scratchy small-ish towels. These were bath-sheet size and so soft you wanted to nuzzle 'em. Minuses/Funny things: - No matter how many hotels do this, I still find it slightly jarring to check in on the 2nd floor -- although the 2 elevator system was a little wacky, that probably does help narrow down on the confusion, though... - The rainwater shower was cool, but it was also.... literally, cool. Because there's no way to close off the shower from the rest of the bathroom (there's just a partial class divider), it can feel a lil' drafty -The walls seem pretty thin. The funny part is that one of the loudest recurrent noises you might notice is that of the neighbor's curtains going up or down. Considering that the walls are all glass, this is bound to happen pretty often! Also...ask for a room way from the elevator, for sure. Otherwise, you may be hearing lots of "ding, ding, ding" while trying to sleep. - Because of the walls of glass and the way the shower and bathroom are set up, you'll need to close at least one set of curtains before showering or using the bathroom. It's a little odd to think that if someone didn't notice that, they would immediately be exposing themself in multiple vulnerable states. I didn't get to visit the upstairs bar/lounge, but wish I'd had a chance. I also would have liked to try a spa service or two but alas, I'm trying to save a little money.  Considering my overall experience, I'd be happy to stay here again next time I'm in Chicago (and not staying with friends or family) and hopefully check it out, along with a massage, perhaps!
