I love this place!! I have a recurring dream where Fox and Obel opens a location a block from my house, sadly I wake up knowing I only have Jewel as my local grocery store. Happily its not to far a ride from where I live and the 15 minute free curbside parking makes it more convenient to get in and out then ANY grocery store I know just put your emergency blinkers on and you are good to go. Plus catch this they are open until midnight what a great thing for a store of this caliber drunk Pecan pie and prosciutto shopping. Let me say that the prices are comparable on comparable items to any Dominick or Jewel level store and on numerous occasions I have even found items less expensive at F&B. Ok lets get to the good stuff the bakery is fabulous with a wide variety of baked items to choose from. We get a loaf of the rustic semolina bread every time we go its crusty on the outside but chewy on the inside I love it toasted my wife likes it as is cant go wrong either way. We bought 3 pies for TG dinner a pumpkin a apple and a pecan. The pumpkin was creamy with a hint of molasses flavor honestly best pumpkin pie I ever had. Apple was great with a wonderful crust but the pecan could of won a pie baking contest. It was so good I think my fav pie I have ever had and I have eaten alot of pie. The deli is great with a huge selection of prosciutto at least 6 maybe more its a great place to get the fixings for a meat and cheese tray we have done this numerous times and it has always been a great experience. There is a wide variety of specialty items and a candy/dried fruit counter that you buy in bulk. My fav item is the sour trouts but the dried Michigan cherries are like candy. Fox and Obel has a meat counter with some of the most luscious looking dry aged meats I have seen. As I just received a $100 gift card for my birthday I will report back after I try some. F&B has a counter for fish,cheese a wine section and a produce department they even have 2 restaurant one where you can buy wine at retail prices and drink it at the restaurant. Best part about this is if you don't finish the wine they will cork it and send it home with you so you can have a night cap. Fox and Obel is a experience if you like food you can spend hours here looking around at the fresh and wonderful and unique items they offer. It kind of just makes me feel good being there maybe a bit like women with a shoe fetish in a really good shoe store.
