The short of it: heavily garlic and salted tomato based sauces I would say are American Italian...not authentic to the least. Service was horrendous...which makes it worse since italian restaurants cater to not only the food, but the hospitality. Italian restaurants are a dime a dozen in the city, do not make the BYOB be the only reason you go there. Can't believe this place gets 4 stars. The long of it: My hubby and I were craving italian food and our usual spot was booked solid. So, we looked on yelp and saw that Caro Mio was well rated and that they make their own pasta...figured if they take the time to do that, it has to be good. We got there early-ish on a Saturday night at 6pm and walked int the door. We stood there for over 5 mins while the head of the house stood on against the bar in the back staring at us and talking occasionally to someone else. We were the only ones at the door, everyone else was sitting. This should have been an indication of the service we were about to receive. We sat, had a lovely waitress who was attentive with drinks, took our order of one app and two entrees all the while, the restaurant started to fill in. We were ignored for the next 30 mins, had to flag our waitress down who informed us our dinner was almost ready... I reminded her that we still had not had our appetizer. At which point she said oh my god and ran off to the kitchen. She returned promptly saying the kitchen is almost finished with our dinners but could hold them back a little if we wanted the app. I said fine, two mins later, we received our mildly warm app.  Expecting our dinner to be out soon after since the waitress said it was almost up...we made eye contact with her every time she left the kitchen. Stopped by 2x to say they were almost done. then they finally came out 45 MIN LATER after the app.  Pasta should never take 2 hours unless you are making everything from scratch to order...I guarantee they are not. Not once did the manager stop by to apologize or did we receive any type of apology after the initial thing from the apps. Ridiculous. The food was mediocre at best. It was definitely on the American side with heavy tomato based. Service, terrible.
