My friend was excited to try this place since she had heard so much about it. The long wait was not a problem since we were expecting it. The gentleman handling the line was nice and very helpful with describing the menu items. The reason for the 1 star??? It all went downhill once we got seated as the service was awful!!! In my opinion, service is as important as the food at a dining establishment especially one that claims to be "World Famous". The hostess sat us down and we immediately noticed that the check with cash in it from the prior party had not been picked up by the server. We waited a couple of minutes and pointed it out to the hostess so that she could pick it up.  After about 10 minutes. our server finally greeted us. We informed her that we had a couple of questions regarding the food since this was our first time dining with them as we were from out of town. She seemed less than thrilled to be there but we figured she was busy and left it at that. The food took about one hour to come out and we did not have receive any follow up from the server or anyone else during this time frame.  The server confirmed while we were ordering that they used red onions on their thin crust pizza - we asked for extra red onions and extra crispy. The pizza came out with white onions and not crispy at all (barely cooked if you ask me). We pointed this out to her and she basically did not care that she had misinformed us and put in our order incorrectly. We ended up just asking her to put it back in the oven for extra cooking since we had asked for extra crispy. The server did not check back with us. Our drinks were not refilled once - we finally had to chase down the server for a refill. We were so frustrated that we quickly ate and asked for the check to get out of there. It took ten minutes for the server to bring back the check and about another ten minutes for her to come back and pick it up. I pointed out that she had incorrectly charged us for the thin crust pizza - she looked at me like I was crazy and I had to show her the pizza pricing on the menu ($19.75 vs. the $27.70 that was charged). Once she looked at the price on the menu, she took the check and was gone for another 15 minutes. When she came back, we did not receive an apology for the wait nor the error in pricing. BTW - While we were waiting, one of the servers who was bringing an order out just grabbed and ate a french fry out of the order...... Overall the food was OK - the deep dish was better than Uno's, the stromboli and thin crust were mediocre at best and the lasagna was just plain bad. Don't believe the hype; Gino's is not worth the wait!
