It is 10am on a Monday morning and my wife says, "Hey let's get Mexican at Nuevo Leon...no one will be there!" At 10:10am I pull up to the parking lot and it is completely full...cars are parked in the center aisle. What is going on here? So I find some street parking...which scared me because 8 weeks ago a police officer wrote me a ticket with a wrong address based off of parking zones...good news is that I contested it and provided evidence and I am a free man...thanks judge for seeing the truth...nice try dirty cop!!! We walk in and is is completely packed...I think we even get the last table. I have never come in here this early. Is this place ever empty? I decided to go different...I was going to get my usual Tacos de Sabinas (which are the most amazing taco ive ever had) but decided to get the Ribeye Steak with two eggs, rice, beans and homemade flour tortillas. The Ribeye Steak here is really tasty and tender...I love it. I then decided to make some morning tacos and threw my breakfast into the tortilla. I also added some of the garden salsa and green tomatillo salsa...I was having an amazing feast...all of the flavors just blended together. Breakfast here is quite reasonable...there were several breakfast options for 4 dollars...maybe that is how they pack them in this early. Mine was 7.50 but it is steak and eggs...I think it is a little cheaper then Vegas Steak and Eggs. Also, we got the special app to start our meal with...today was so good. I have no idea what the name of it was but it was chunks of cheese in a red sauce with potatoes and crumbled Chirizo. Wow!!! Was it wrong I licked the plate? Not really but I wanted to!!! I asked the waitress and she said that it was not on the menu...you have got to be kidding me because I would order a whole bowl of that yumminess!!! For those who have no idea about the special app...when ever you go here...Nuevo Leon will drop a small plate of amazing food for you to have while you are still looking at your menu. This is one of the nicest things I have ever see a restaurant do for there customers. And every day it is something different! Well we walked out of here happy and fat...now this is how you start a Monday morning off right...the rest of the week is going to be a breeze! We will be back...we are always back...almost every week...it is starting to turn into an addiction!!! SIDE NOTE: THIS IS THE BEST MEXICAN RESTAURANT IN THE CITY OF CHICAGO!!! Also remember it is cash and BYOB!!!
