TRUE STORY: One of the employees was talking to some girl that walked into the place. Being the responsible Yelper....I listened in..... Employee: So what's your situation? Girl: It's been kind of hard. I've been spending the last few months looking for a job. Employee: Oh wow. I totally know how you feel. it's been rough on everyone...especially with the economy the way it is. Let me see if I can do something for you. I can see if their taking any applications. I can put in a word for you? Girl: Ummmmm.. nooo. . Why would I want to work here? I actually have a realllll job now!! Just got it! Where I make real money! The people at this coffee shop are classy, work hard for their money, and put up with a lot of BS. Don't add to it by acting like this girl did. If I see anyone acting like this, i will make it a point to put them in their rightful place from now on. Everyone deserves a certain level of respect. Regardless of what they do for a living. The garbage man and the CEO of a Fortune 500 company deserve the same level of respect. Why? Because their both human beings. Being classy has nothing..absolutely nothing do with how you dress....and everything to do with how you carry yourself. People who are classy, look even more classy when they dress classy. If that makes sense? er. lol Dressing classy when you're a scumbag just makes you look like a fraud. It shines through. Open letter to bitch: Dear Girl: You're a tactless bitch. If I see you again, I will cross the street in fear of catching your tactless bitch behavior. Better yet? Give me your schedule for the rest of your life, so I won't have to be within 100 miles of where ever you are. Anyways: One Star- for friendly service. Another Star for having a study room for Hipsters. I don't study there, but I observe the Hipsters through the glass window. If you shake the room up like a snow globe, sometimes they'll fight each other. One Star - for having pretty good coffee! The final star for having some delicious baked goods. They are really delicious. I think the coffee cake was kind of a miss. FYI: I understand that it is hypocritical and ironic to talk about being classy, and then go on a tangent and call someone a "bitch". But I was trying to prove a point. snap. okay. you got me. Another disclaimer- the events that happened in this email happened about half a year ago..maybe longer. It just made me so angry I had to yelp about it. Thank-you. Check out my podcast.
