The interior of the restaurant is gorgeous. Only problem: they seated us weird. My friends made reservations here for my 27th birthday (last week) knowing I was super intrigued as G. Elliot was on Top Chef Masters. Got dressed and went out to meet them - only a group of 5 - so it wasn't a huge group. I was confused as to why the rest of the diners were seated in the area away from the window except us. I looked over and most of them looked like people engaged in business talk. There's a chance my friends requested a table where we could better converse - hopefully that's the reason. Otherwise, it's just weird. The waiter bothered me somewhat because he carded only me. I really hate that. If you're going to ask someone for their ID - you should card the whole group - unless you're out with your parents and their friends. Oddly enough, it took him 5 minutes to figure out the birthdate on it and I didn't get the obligatory "happy birthday". I'm thinking he never actually found the birthdate on the I.D. He wasn't all there I think. That said here's why I gave it 4 stars instead a confusing 1: Drink: London Calling - not a huge fan but it might have to do with the fact that I don't exactly love gin. The waiter suggested it. I can pretty much drink any drink so finishing it wasn't a problem - it was good. Just not good enough to order again. I continued with Champagne for the rest of the evening. Food (Apps & Entree & Dessert): Signature Caesar Salad - SOO good. It's deconstructed so you get a whole (but tiny) anchovy and a giant twinkie-like brioche filled with a cream. It was AMAZING. If you get a small bit of every part in each bite - it is seriously delicious. Who ever thought I'd rave about a Caesar Salad! Beef Tartare - It was just what it was. I can't really rave about it since there was nothing truly exciting and noteworthy about it. But it was good. Lobster Corndog - Most of my table loved this but I was just "eh" about it. The pancake batter around the lobster mash-up masked most of the lobster for me. I believe this is seasonal so it might not even be there anymore. Arctic Char - it was amazing. I rarely order fish at a restaurant but one person at the table said the fish was really good there. She was right. However, I got to try a little of the scallops from someone else as well as bison which came with root beer reduction. I could REALLY taste the rootbeer - not sure how I feel about it but the bison was fall apart delish. Both were seriously juicy and delicious as well. The scallops were very large in size. Like GINORMOUS. Not-Sure-of-Name Dessert but it was a described as "GE's version of PB&J" - it included PB gelato and that was probably the best part. We also ordered the strawberry shortcake - and it was deconstructed too. It was SOOO yum.  I am officially a big fan of deconstructed food - I love the idea of piecing it together to offer a similar but bold-er taste to its original. The interior of the GE is warm, inviting but contemporary. It feels new-age Chicago. Not the old-school Gold Coast stuffy sugar-daddy-filled gross Chicago. I'd definitely go again - but maybe on a busier day. It was nice to have good conversation without shouting but hard to fully feel the true atmosphere of it
