A friend that I had not seen in nearly two years and I decided to catch dinner. She was in the area and considering I had driven by here a bajillion times, (just an fyi that is a lot of times), I suggested it and she said yes. Score! I made a reservation and I was glad that I did. The place when I arrived was doing some good business, then about 20 minutes later it was packed. Large parties and six top tables abound, the place was jumping, people streaming in. I guess this would be a good time to reemphasize if you are coming on typically busy night, please make a reservation as it does seem to get rather busy. I will say a few things impressed me. Actually, more like a near 100, a hundred bottles of wine. Did I take one down and pass it around? No. I didn't. I did have some really nice glasses of a Spanish red though. The selection is rather impressive, better than I would have thought. From other countries, Italy to right here in the good ol' US of A. A good selection of prices to boot.   The menu is fairly nice and has a lot of your regular typical Italian food, plus some interesting additions. We started off with some grilled calamari, smokey but slightly overdone and it came with a really great white wine sauce. We then moved on to her rigatoni with fresh mozzarella and tomato sauce and gnocchi in pesto with chicken and sun dried tomatoes. Her rigatoni was pretty delish, large chunks of the tasty white cheese in a pretty flavorful sauce. My gnocchi was pretty good, not the best, but it didn't stop me from eating the entire plate. .... What? I was hungry and it was good. However... eating all the pasta made me full. Too full for dessert, it does happen folks. Not often, but alas it does happen. The service was good, he was a busy man, but made sure we were okay and that our wine glasses were always filled if we needed them to be. Price point wasn't too bad, $60 each including tip. There were several items that caught my eye, not their pizza pie, but a certain lobster ravioli was tempting my taste buds so another investigative adventure is needed. With the slightly darkening sunlight, the lights dimming, the candles a slight glow, the exposed brick.... I am thinking that investigative adventure might not be alone. Sweet.
