Based on the food I ate and some of the dishes I saw around me, the food is 4.5 star material. Meli has a great menu that makes it hard to decide what to pick. I was debating whether to get the French Toast Teaser or the crepes with Nutella and banana or maybe one of the skillets. I opted for the Teaser which included Chocolate toast, banana french toast, traditional and challah french toast. They were all great, especially the challah which was very fluffy. Considering the food was fresh and not greasy (like many other cafes) I felt that the price was right. Not dirt cheap but not outrageous. My problem was the attitude of this place. The hostess would not sit us until our whole party was there. I understand this. They were busy and do not want to hold up any tables. But what bothered me was that she was quite the _______ about it. My friend was outside parking when our buzzer went off, so we said that our party was here so that we could get the available table (I know, it was a technical lie but my friend was literally one block away). But anyway, we sat down and my friend came in one minute later. The hostess would not let her through. My friend said, "But my friends are already at the table" to which the hostess said, "I can guarantee you that your friends are not here" and my friend just asked if she could at least look but the hostess said that she couldn't. She took down my friend's name and gave her a buzzer as if she were the first person from our party to get there. I was wondering why she was taking so long, so I sent her a text explaining where in the restaurant we were - this place is not even that big. Finally, my friend had to show her the text that I had sent her saying that we were past the hostess booth on the left. She let my friend through begrudgingly saying, "Well, normally we wouldn't do that." Then, our waitress seemed bothered when we needed a minute to decide what to order. Before we ordered, we asked if we could split the bill because there were four of us, and she said she could do it at the end. If she couldn't, then we were each going to just go to an ATM to grab some cash. When the bill came, it was all on one. I reminded her and she just took it back and asked what each of us had. Again, her tone was a bit on the unpleasant side. Finally, she said she could only split the bill into two , not three parts. Okay, we said. Then, here is the kicker. One of us asked for quarters. She gave her $1 in change. Then another one of us asked for $3 in quarters because she had to feed the meters but the waitress refused because she had already given someone in our party quarters. My friend said, "But that was to her, I'm paying on a separate bill." So, the waitress told my friend to ask the lady at the bar. She said "We can only give one dollar in change, otherwise we run out." So, my friend said ok, and then put one dollar on the bar instead of the three. The lady was yapping away with another waitress for about 5 minutes when my friend asked if she was going to give her quarters or not. She repeated that she could not. So, my friend took her dollar back. It didn't end there even though it should have. They actually brought the manager over to explain why they cannot give out change to everyone. My friend was like, "Okay, I got it" but the manager felt the need to reiterate herself three times. Since we had paid our bill, we got up and put our coats on. We got glared at as we walked out and our waitress said thank you in the most disinterested and obligated way possible. Would I go again? Probably. I would like to try other dishes. I wouldn't go expecting to be treated very nicely though. I'm hoping maybe we caught them on a bad day but I have a feeling that hospitality is not their main thing. I know "meli" is Greek for "honey" but this place has got me wondering what the word for "vinegar" is.
