The glow of the dim lights, sounds of knives slicing through perfect cuts of fish, distant sizzle of oil cooking the hot fare in the back, all sounds that lull me into the destined food coma. The Smoked Crab handroll is a must, Chef Jesse's masterpiece (ok, one of many..) and a personal favorite, not a single flavor note is missed, and the service is excellent. Knowledgeable bar tenders, great servers and extensive recommendations for any food lover, sushi or non, and well versed chefs ready to wow you. The must list: Oxtail pot stickers (so delicate, so perfectly crisped on the outside) Miso Soup with Crab...need I say more? Smoked Crab handroll (rolled in soy paper so as not to disturb the delicate taste of the massago and crab together blended so perfectly) Shaking Beef (you will tremble with "excitement" all over your body) Shrimp tempura and...its not on the menu but maybe if you ask really nice you might just entice Chef Jesse to make a stuffed avocado...perfectly sliced avocado, pieced back together into a sphere and filled with spicy tuna mixture on a bed of salsa and greens..almost too pretty to eat, almost. As cliche as it is to serve a Mai-Thai in a tiki glass...go for it, that little guy will sneak up on you faster than you can set the glass back down. The peared sake leaves ginger drinks no disservice either, the notes of sugar cane and ginger dance down your throat as if they were naturally meant to be there. I'd give it five stars, if the portions were just a bit bigger, but the family style service (which is not always emphasized, and at $20/entree might be a stretch) points towards ordering a few extra dishes to share, overall its a four-star classic in my book. Stop by for "Sunda Hour" daily $8 signature cocktails and specially priced appetizers and rolls, definitely worth spoiling dinner over! Id like to say this place sucks, warn you to stay away but only for purely selfish reasons, just to cut down the wait time when I forget my reservation, but this place really hits the mark, so in good faith I cannot..I'll just have to wait like everyone else.
