I've been a semi-regular for several months since moving to Andersonville. I go there about once every week or so to treat myself to a sweet crepe (which are admittedly pretty tasty). I've had the turkish coffee, like other reviewers have said, it does taste a little bit off, either too bitter or slightly...different tasting. If I don't get that, I get the algerian mint tea with honey which comes in a cute little black clay teapot with a itty bitty glass with a sprig of mint leaf. I've never actually had a savory crepe but I've seen them on nearby tables and they look pretty good and well worth the ten bucks, maybe one day I'll try one.  Try to go on a weekday, the last time I went in on a Saturday afternoon I was told it was a 20 minute wait for a seat and I'm not too comfortable with being that squashed next to other people while I eat my food and read a book. I've walked past there on Sundays and Friday nights and it looks just as crowded.  Now, all this being said I must explain the lack of stars and elaborate on a review given by Lucy B. I come in most of the time by myself and always sit by the window to people watch. When it's not busy, voices travel and I can't help but notice how one of the owners talks to his staff, who, like Lucy mentioned are all very sweet and attentive and have never shown me less than stellar service. I've heard some harsh words being said to some of them. I've heard the phrase "whats wrong with you" or better yet "what the hell is wrong with you/her/you guys" accompanied by an exasperated experssion shouted at more than one staff member for what I'm assuming are trivial things better corrected by actually talking to people instead of shouting pseudo-insults.  Now this may or may not affect my willingness to continue to eat here, depending on how badly I want the La Bella (bananas, belgian chocolate and coconut mmmm!) or the D'Amour. But it does make me hesitant to spend money to support a place where workers are treated in such a manner on a regular basis. Just sayin.... Under different management this place would easily get five stars.
