Most everything here was universally loved by our table. To start with, the sampler menu of $3 whisky shots is a fantastic way to try something new without going overboard. They've got some real nice options on there which are a steal at $3; but watch out for a couple clunkers like Old Granddad. For appetizers we had the buffalo frogs legs and the seared Maine scallops. The frogs legs were amazing, if a tiny portion. I could complain about the logistics of trying to share 3 frogs leg "wings" among 4 people, but instead I'll just say that they were perfectly cooked, a little meatier and denser than chicken wings, with a great buffalo flavor and served with a truly inspired bleu cheese mousse that we scraped up with whatever we could. The scallops were also beautifully done, served with a nicely contrasting delicious bit of pulled oxtail. I will say the black truffle gnocchi that was served with it seemed a little out of place and also did not taste at all of truffles. Also the portions on both of these appetizers were extremely small. At this point in the meal it was pushing 9:30pm and I was quite concerned that I was going to leave hungry. Fortunately, the main courses allayed all fears and were both filling and very impressive. I had the roast half chicken, which along with being perfectly cooked, moist and tender with a beautifully crispy skin, was served with an unbelievable array of sides. The pomme (potato) puree was not particularly special on its own, but acted as a perfect palate for the other flavors to combine. The accompaniments of sauteed swiss chard, caramelized onion, and pickled (?!) cherry could not have played better together. I'm usually a savory only guy, but the sweetness here was subtle and just enough to get rid of the bitterness of the chard. Add in the whole plate ringed in a circle of date jus and you really have a near perfect entree. My table also had the skirt steak, which was well liked by all, and the pork shank, which was another dish that put us in awe. Tender, flaky pork within a delightfully crispy exterior skin, that was definitely overflowing with fantastic flavor. Anyway, why not 5 stars? On another evening perhaps I could've slipped by waiting an hour from 8pm til 9pm (on a tuesday) for a table, and the near $200 tab for the four of us. This time though, the hunger's edge kept me from being fully satisfied with my experience until we were almost out the door. I'll be back though.
