You Chicago kids don't know how lucky you have it. Nine Ethiopian restaurants? In my day (growing up near Detroit in the early 1990s) we only had one Ethiopian place (this place called the Blue Nile in Trapper's Alley downtown), and we liked it!  You might get shot there! But we liked it! The food, of course, not the potential of getting shot. The reason so many people from the suburbs went downtown to the Blue Nile was how unique and, seemingly authentic, it was. This place really went all out with their setup of eating off low wicker tables sitting on beautiful rugs on the floor. And that's what Demera lacks - a feeling of authenticity or like you discovered some form of food that is exotic and inaccessible (though I'm not sure it's possible to even get that from Ethiopian anymore). It felt odd walking into a relatively upscale Ethiopian restaurant and eating off a sleak glass table. It almost feels too sterile, too clean. Great for health inspectors, I'm sure, but not great for total immersion. I noticed when I walked to the bathroom that they do have an area in the back where you could sit on the floor and eat and I might request to do that in the future. Though it only looked like three tables and this place gets crowded. Atmosphere (or lack thereof) aside, the food is really good. I got the Vegetarian Messob (a combo platter of four vegetarian dishes) for $14.50 and for the price it was a perfectly sized dinner (often Ethiopian places seem to charge more and give too much food) . One of the dishes on it, the Gomen (collared greens) was the best Ethiopian food I've ever had in Chicago. The other three dishes didn't quite measure up to the high bar the greens set but were still tasty. As far as finer Ethiopian dining went, it wasn't a horrible experience and I did enjoy the live music as opposed to the canned, scratchy recording that many Ethiopian places choose. But in this attempt at a "better" ambiance, I ended up longing for a run down Ethiopian joint. But, hey, at least they don't supply silverware to totally ruin the experience.
