A group of 5 of us went to the Publican for our NYE dinner - we'd wanted to go last year but didn't and now I shall kick myself forever for not going sooner. Fantastic! So the inside was not what I was expecting, even though I did look at pictures beforehand. On the outside edges, there are more private tables and "boxes" (which is where I want to sit the next time we go here!) and then in the middle there is a huge communal table. Nice for a fun and casual dinner though I think some of the couples there celebrating NYE may have found it to be slightly lacking in the romance department. Overall, it's a very warm and inviting space with a nice soft lighting scheme - it does get a bit loud since it's just a large open room. Tonight, they had a special menu for the holiday - 4 course, starting with a "crudite" of veggies with truffles and a sauce that was pretty much butter and olive oil. The veggies were fresh and crisp and flavorful, even without the sauce. Second was a rye cappellini with creme fraiche, dill, smoke trout and roe on top. Very rich and full of flavor - I had to have my husband finish it, it was almost too rich! Third was the most evil crispy pork in all the land - literally I could only eat about 5 bites before it got to be too much. Pork on the bone wrapped in crispiness - yum! Last was a panna cotta with honey and some very lovely shortbread and some fresh grapefruit. Some of the other folks in my party were a bit disappointed that the panna cotta may not have come out of the freezer soon enough as it was still a little frozen in the middle but personally, after all the heavy meat of the pork course, the slightly icy panna cotta was really refreshing. As an additional option, one could also get a seafood supplement. We did. It was huge and the items were extremely fresh, ranging from shrimp to lobster to various clams to a really flavorful scallop ceviche. Overall great food choices. The wine and beer list is a bit overwhelming even if you think you know what you want. Ask for help. Apparently all the Publican servers are trained to help diners pick out the right beverages and out server was no exception. I was happy to see that when we got a wine recommendation, it was not the most expensive bottle on the menu - it drives me nuts when places have that accidental sort of upsell.  As for service, it was pretty good. As mentioned, our server was extremely knowledgeable and I liked that before we ordered, she asked if any of us had any allergies or food aversions. Otherwise, even though it was extremely busy, I felt like we were well taken care of through out. Overall, two very enthusiastic thumbs up - somewhere we will be going again once we recover from the food coma!
