When my Ben-O first suggested a pork-eaters only dinner to me, further hinting that I am naturally not included while I am a fussy "no-pork-on-the-fork" kind of gal, I didn't feel oh so left out. His brother and brother's girlfriend were in town from Grand Rapids, particularly to explore the mind of master chef Paul Kahan; being that he is in lieu to be a recognized as a remarkably talented chef himself, I became a lil curious as to what it was that made him ooo and awe. But when Ben-O reposed, "would you?"...after those thought gears were going, I daringly answered "...sure? why not? (will I regret this?)". I will eat PORK this once without discrimination, I will eat whatever animal is put on my plate but I will also expect it to be great. And Publican didn't fail. They accepted adding on another seat to the reservation last minute with no problems, "sure thing, we will gladly expand our bill by another $100 consumer". The minute I walked in the place, I loved it. It's decor hit a heart-string. The oversized pictures of plump hogs peering over us - I like to be reminded of what I'm eating (only being partly sarcastic) ahem or appreciating. Warm large bulbed country-feel lighting suspended and arrayed every 2 feet from each other made an impact without being overpowerful. The uber-long L-shaped bench like tables surrounding the center and the wooden pen booths around the edges of the restaurant all tied to the feeling of a classy country-like experience; I couldn't help but imagine a green field outside the city building with the pig-pens an acre or so away from my plate. The menu was 5-coursed and fixed on this day, being that it was the beginning of the "craft brewers conference" and "world beer cup" which is hosted in Chicago this year I later learned. Each dinner was carefully crafted and suited with an optional flight of beers per course. We did the whole shabang - beers with another round of 4 selected beers to share on the limbos of each course. And bonus for me only the starter round was pork. And the menu goes (verbatim per their site): "1) Jamon Iberico with fried morels and pickled fiddlehead fern paired with Pairie Path ale; 2) guinea hen, foie gras galantine with ramps orange mustard greens and cashew paired with Ebel's wiess; 3) crawford farm corned lamb mix grill with spring, rye, panzanella paired with Langhaul session ale; 4) bbq salmon paired with collaboration beer; 5) brown butter, orange, honey, coffee and almonds paired with Domaine duPage" I must admit, EVERY course was outstanding! Even the pork. My favorite was the salmon; I have just NEVER had salmon THAT GOOD. Then the guinea hen fois gras; wow. The beers were perfectly paired as well. Dessert was perfect! If ya have the chance and the financial liberty or dare, go catch this menu! Otherwise, rest assured that practically anything you will put in your mouth on their menu is probably amazing. And sigh, tis over and the $$$ must surface. It was as dangerous to the wallet as I anticipated. A solid $100 per person. And it wasn't that hard a sacrifice to swallow considering how spectacular the experience was. I am just eager to have that steady income to sacrifice! If I had a consistent paycheck, I'd splurge here again.
