I had wanted to visit Alinea since 2007, but was never organized enough to make a reservation and it was always going to happen for a perpetually unnamed "special occasion". Then, last week, they switched to a ticketing system a-la 'Next', and I happened to be lucky (and F5-happy) enough get a prime time Friday night table, just a week later. Spoiler alert: if you're planning on going and like surprises, stop reading here (actually, stop reading these reviews in general) and just go. I'm not even going to attempt to describe all of the dishes from last night's meal, but some highlights: Walking through the front door into a shrinking corridor, to be greeted with a glass of lemonade, drunk while walking over the carpeting of fresh turf to the sound of a wind chime. Watching Grant Achatz inspecting dishes leaving the kitchen, and then later, serving a masterpiece of a dessert directly onto the table next to ours. Eating a chunk of tempura-fried fruit and brie, served on a burning cinnamon stick skewer. The black truffle explosion, so flavorful I think it may have literally permeated the flesh of my mouth. I can still taste truffles the next day. Wondering how long I should wait before I see a doctor about it. Being served three small cuts of lamb... with a tray of 60 different beautiful, weird accompaniments to choose from. Sucking helium from an edible apple-flavored balloon. Getting apple-flavored balloon goo all over my face. Then making a loud and borderline inappropriate "that's what she said" joke, in squeaky helium voice. The wine pairings. Do it. The front of house staff, all flawlessly professional but completely approachable, and immediately likable. They have hit a magical spot where formal fine dining service feels comfortable, welcoming, and friendly. I also heard them jokingly tell the table behind us "we're expecting to read some good Yelp reviews tomorrow". :-) I like simple, traditional meals as much as the next person, and admit to sometimes being skeptical about molecular gastronomy. I now understand that the techniques used at Alinea aren't just for show: every dish uses the chef's mad scientist skills to invoke an emotion, bring back memories, and sometimes just make you laugh. If that isn't food for the soul, what is?
