I celebrated my 30th birthday here and spent about $2,000 with the hotel. I booked a large suite, 6 appointments to in room spa service ($150 per service), Dinner at their restaurant aja for 12, and $1000 worth of bottle service at their club (Vertigo). Everything was totally mismanaged and disorganized. None of there services (spa, restaurant, hotel) communicate with each other. Nothing coordinated properly. However, most of the staff was friendly and they tried to be accommodating, but just could not figure it out. I forgave them for this. However, I could not forgive them for the following events: I had a small group of friends meet me at my suite around 9:30 on a Saturday night before bottle service at Vertigo. Our party was fairly conservative. Friends actually told me they thought the party was at a room across from mine, because they saw tons of people pile in and loud music. Given that at least three other rooms on my floor were raging, I figured my party was pretty tame. At about 10:45, just as we were about to go up to Vertigo, my friends decided to sing me Happy Birthday and make a toast to me. I was so touched, but I could not enjoy it because as soon as they finished two very irate and intimidating security men barged into my room and escorted me to the hallway. My boyfriend followed me out because he was concerned for my safety. The two men bullied him back in the room stating that they would physically remove him if he continued to follow me. One security man yelled at me for having people in the room while the other one stared at my body. I asked the security man to please stop yelling at me and that I planned to escort my guests to Vertigo where my $1000 table waited for me. All the while, I was being visually raped by the other security guy. So then after much embarrassment, I asked my guests to follow me to the lounge upstairs. Instead of getting the VIP treatment that Vertigo promised me, my guests were made to leave the hotel, go around to the other side in the cold and wait in line. I talked to the bouncer and told him I had bottle service. He refused to let me up to the club and refused to let my friends in. So, I bribed him with $40 to let me and my friends up to my $1000 table. He obliged me after the bribe. Once I got to my table, my waitress and hostess were actually really nice and accommodating. I had no problem tipping them an extra $100. However, the remainder of my late arriving guests were repeatedly harassed by the hotel management and security. Several of my male gay friends were forced to wait outside as women passed them to get in. After my really fun party at Vertigo I decided to go back to my room. The parties were raging hard at other rooms on my floor. I just wanted to chill with a few of my close friends. We were sitting on the couch, eating, and talking. No music was playing nor were we talking loudly. In fact, we could hear the party going on next door from our room. 10 minutes later 3 aggressive security men barge into my room. They begin to yell at my guests and tell them to "get the f%#k out" of my room. The man whom I bribed with the $40 was the only nice one (I wonder why). Even though there were about 12 people in the room earlier for my spa service with no problems, the security guard commanded that only 4 people could be in the room. Shaken and crying by this point, I told my boyfriend that I just wanted to go home. He calmed me down and said we should just get some sleep. So, Dana Hotel basically ruined my 30th birthday and took all my money.
