EeK! My thinks not about sums this place up! This is my first, and last experience at this place! So freshly off being a vegetatian, I was so excited to try koren BBQ, reading the mixed reviews I was still optimistic. So first off, how the hell they don't have hourly accidents in that parking lot blows my mind. I am familiar with tight parking jobs and It was a nail biter!!!! We walk in and noone greets us or even looks our way, So after about 5 minutes I head over to the kitchen door and ask to be seated, the place stinks, and mean a stink that is similar to rotting fish/ durty durt/ grilling meat smell. the waitress throws menus on our table, and vanishes, we have no idea, we both stare quietly, I know I am going to need a large beer to get me through this. So someone finally comes to take our order, she barely speaks English, I point to pork ribs he points to beef ribs.  Then just like everyone expressed, come the little blue bowls. Potato Salad, really good! Who knew? Glass Noodles, Mini fish, Broccoli and Califlour, Tofu, Egg, Seaweed, Daikon,Some strange funky peanut sauce, Lotus root, Bean Sprouts, Garlic, Kimchee, Pickled Jalapenos, Spicy pickles, kimchee onions,rice, lettuce and some stuff I cant remember or palate is not familiar with. So all that is great, but none of it, besides the potato salad, and kimchee was anything I would of wanted to eat again. Then came our Flame, and then a huge plate of pork ribs, that were actually just smashed sheets of pork, and his beef ribs which were just smashed sheets of beef, both with little to no flavor.  One set of tongs, left us confused on how to remove the cooked meat from the grill! Ew, Ew Ew. So we had to flag down our someone to give us a fork.  This takes the disgusting cake! So we had the pleasure of sitting right in front of the kitchen, and they had a cart wrapped in plastic wrap , where they would I guess cut the meat. I watched a lady, take the scissors out of this stainless steel can which I was Hoping and Praying held some kinda sanitation liquid, Cut meat, then drop the raw meat into the can, take it out and put it on a plate and took it to a table. I wanted to scream!!! EwEwEwEw EW!!!! I then watched every other lady take the same scissors from the same can and cut chicken pork, and the cooked egg pancakes thing . I am sorry but that is grave offence, if they are doing that in the dining room who knows what they are doing behind the scenes. Never Ever Again! So if that was not enough, they miscalculated our check by 20 dollars, and laughed and blamed the calculator when we brought it to their attention.
