I have lived within walking distance of this gem for a whole year, and just recently discovered it's deliciousness!  Lucky enough to get in last minute on a Friday evening, our party was promptly greeted by multiple staff members and escorted to our high rise table next to the bar. As one should, the first thing I noticed was the atmosphere; perfect for a romantic night out or a casual dinner with friends. Exposed brick walls, tame lighting (dim enough to get away with having a booger up your nose, but bright enough to see the menu), and tasteful local art. Plus, a great deal of their tables are cozy and confined while still amidst all the hubbub. We got a table against the wall and directly in front of the door, but there was a properly placed barrier blocking the draft/view/crowd. The waitress arrived, and MAN I wish I could remember her name because she was the best. Service was topnotch! She promptly suggested some good vino to start, as we waited for our avocado bruschetta...WOW. This was the creme-de-la-fucking-creme of bruschettas. It's actually "Crostini Di Avocado", but let's not argue semantics. I'd get fat off this daily. Truly a treat.  Then came our entrees. I wanted the risotto with all the yummy seafood (we're talking shrimp, clams, mussels, salmon, AND scallops) but none of the rice. Our waitress said that'd be no problem, and offered to replace the rice with sauteed veggies (zucchini, bell peppers, onions, etc.). Hmmm, really?! Yes please, DUH! The portion was gigantic, and the seafood was perfecto! However, it was pretty damn salty. All the right flavors, but I left with swollen fingers and bags under my eyes. One of my companions opted for the Risotto ai Funghi, which was perfectly cooked but almost too mushroomy. The other got the Spaghetti allo Scoglio (same as mine, with spaghetti).  Despite the slight imbalances in some of the entrees I would, without a doubt, order them all again. They were still very yummy, substantial (!!!), and delectable! It's pretty pricey, but you'll most likely leave with leftovers to nosh on for dayyyyyyyys. The whole experience was wonderful, and I will be sure to put this on my "go-to" list!
