Before I headed to Chicago, I checked in with my friend who used to live in the Windy City for her list of favorite food haunts. Near the top of her list was The Gage. After spending the day at the Shedd, my friend and I figured we'd drop by The Gage for dinner before catching the Metra back to the suburbs. We were not disappointed. I suspected we'd be in good hands when we sat down and our server reminded us that the chef was a recent regional James Beard award nominee. We started with an order of the duck fat nuts and the famous Scotch egg. The nuts weren't anything too special. I guess I had hoped the duck fat would give them a richer flavor, but it was too subtle to really justify the price tag. I'd probably skip these next time. But that Scotch egg was great. The breading outside was light and crispy, and one cut in with my knife revealed the crumbly yolk. The combination of the sausage and the egg was like brunch for dinner. And the accompanying whole-grain mustard was a nice touch. Next, we tried the basil escargot. The snails were lightly fried with basil, giving them a light crispness and unique flavor that paired nicely with the natural earthiness of escargot and the goat cheese fonduta underneath. But the real star of the dish was the light crunch of the hazelnut crisp on top. It gave the savory dish just a hint of sweetness and a unique texture pairing. We also tried the seared scallops. These were cooked perfectly--that beautiful touch of caramelization on the outside and tender meat inside. The accompanying apple and watercress salad was nice, especially when I got a bite with the beet pure. The touch of horseradish was unexpected, but really brought all the flavors together. My friend and I split the special risotto of the day--a vegetarian mix with rapini and cheese. I think we should probably have stuck with appetizers--the risotto felt a little too safe and expected after eating such unique flavor combinations in our appetizers. Plus, the rice was a little undercooked for my tastes. After such delicious savory food, I couldn't pass up the opportunity to try dessert, even though I was admittedly already a little stuffed. We ordered the chocolate ganache and caramel tartlet and the gingered beignets. The chocolate tartlet wasn't anything too special--your basic chocolate tart with sweet caramel crumbles on top--but the accompanying toasted milk ice cream was delicious! It was so rich and creamy, with such simple, yet sophisticated, flavor. The gingered beignets were easily my favorite bite of the entire dinner. The dough was light and gently fried. The ginger ice cream and peach jam made for a great pairing, just the right touch of spice and heat. Service was attentive, even with a full house. Water glasses were promptly refilled and our server was ready and eager to answer any questions we had about the menu. It's always nice to see restaurants hold on to that humble charm after they've gotten James Beard recognition. With a creative--yet classic--menu that not only looks good but tastes good too, I'll definitely be back to The Gage the next time I'm in Chicago.
