The Skinny: on the cutting edge of innovation, this place deserves it's accolades (5), service is profession if not a little bit anal (5), value - well, we travelled across the country to get here... and it reigns as one of the most memorable dining experiences we've ever had... well worth the plane ticket, hotel and the cost of the prix fixe (5). My hubby has been harping about going here for the longest time and finally we were able to fit this into both of our schedules. We had poured over pictures of his "coffeetable" cookbook (bible more like! and really, not a cookbook for home chefs... like who has liquid nitrogen at home?) and were really psyched about coming here. It was well worth the travel and wait. I think the thing that really sold us was Chef Achatz's versatility. I mean, really, we expected all this crazy stuff coming (hot potato/cold potato, that truffle in a ravioli... OMG! so good) out of the kitchen but then he all the sudden surprises us with a delicious squab/foie gras on puff pastry dish that certainly displays pure, traditional French technique. My hubby and I have that dish totally ingrained in our memory. The way that this restaurant differs from some of the other molecular gastronomy places is the balance of techniques. You need a balance of the old and the new - otherwise it's just some gimmicky thing that will be passe with differing food trends (like foam). The chef definitely uses his art judiciously to enhance his raw materials - not to overwhelm them. Finally, the service. Okay, I was a little perturbed that my flash went off a couple times by accident and the camera nazi quickly reminded me that we weren't allowed to use flash (like instanteously). However, despite all of this, the service was quiet, attentive and professional. Our server was a little stoic but definitely acted like he knew what we were eating. When my husband got a little dribble on his shirt, the server rapidly and discreetly handed him a small packet of Shout wipes to help get out the stain. Really great service! The actual icing on the cake was when Chef Achatz came out himself and served the final dessert course. Of course, he didn't talk much other than to explain the dish. He looked kind of gaunt and tired which is probably in light of his medical condition. We really appreciated the gesture of him taking the time out of his busy day to serve us the most memorable part of the meal. For that we are truly grateful!
