If you ask me, sushi is sushi is sushi. You can only dress it up so much before you can't taste the fish anymore, which is the whole point of it. This is why when my friend said she wanted to get a roll or two, I shot her down. She agreed with me that you can get sushi anywhere. But Filipino food at an upscale downtown restaurant? That's why we were at Sunda. You can't find that anywhere. The decor and clientele scream high class, but upon closer inspection it's a relaxed high class. The waiters were rocking Converses and we ate at a communal table with a good view of the entire restaurant. It wasn't kitsch so much as it was comforting. They've got four Filipino dishes on the menu, though our group ordered three. A buddy and I matched our food with some good ol' San Miguel (Filipino beer). We ordered: Loompya (a clever re-spelling of the classic lumpia). Perfectly formed eggrolls, with a savory green vinegar sauce unlike anything I've paired with this Filipino standby. Crispy pata, the giant fried pork shank. This came out delicious and juicy. It was also fun seeing a giant shank sitting on the table. Adobo pork belly. I've never seen pork belly used in adobo, and after eating this, I want to see it much more often. Adobo is such a versatile Filipino food, and in this dish it was the meat that made it. Protip: White rice isn't included with the dishes, but you can order it for a couple bucks. They brought us several bowls and only charged us for one order. Nice! Eventually, the general manager came by and admired our Filipino spread. He brought us some off-the-menu sisig, which was so mind-blowing I almost broke down in tears. My roommate was even impressed when he tried the leftovers the next morning. The executive chef here is Filipino, and I've heard stories of there being other off-the-menu specials, depending on what ingredients he has. I definitely recommend inquiring about them. I'm ecstatic to find a place willing to bring Filipino cuisine up to a new level. It wasn't even too pricey, coming out to about $50 a person including tip and drinks. I wish Sunda the best of luck, and hope all you Yelpers give the Filipino dishes a whirl sometime!
