My boyfriend took me to Tru for my birthday this year. Knowing this a day in advance, I looked at the menu and Yelped it (of course!) and was a little disappointed at the reviews, which mentioned that, while the experience was good, the food was pretty non-spectacular. Also, the collection didn't seem so inventive, and for $110 I thought that they should have given more than 6 courses (I know, I've been to Alinea and so my standards are ridiculously high) or at least 6 really really cool sounding courses. I had just made an heirloom tomato salad (from the Momofuku cookbook) earlier in the week as well so the idea that an heirloom tomato salad would be one of the 6 courses didn't sit too well. However, I didn't want to second guess his choice (turns out he saved my Yelp password when I logged into his computer and he browsed through my bookmarks to pick a place.. genius, right?!) so I figured I could just go for a prix fixe and pick stuff I knew I would like even if I was limited to 3 courses (which in my opinion is not as good as a tasting menu because a few bites is all you need to really love a dish, so why waste all the stomach space for one type of taste?). ANYWAY, so we went to Tru, which really did impress right when I walked in. It seemed like a boardroom meeting type of room, and the glass place settings we had in front of us looked really cool. They handed us our menus, and I saw the the one I got was more or less what I had seen on the website. My boyfriend, on the other hand, is a vegetarian, so his collection menu was a Vegetable Collection with.. 9 courses! They sounded super creative and interesting. Looking back and forth between our menus, the answer was clear--we were both getting the Vegetarian Collection. OMG, such a good decision! The dishes were well thought out and delicious (my point of comparison is Green Zebra.. Tru totally tops Green Zebra!). They gave us 3 extra dessert courses.. Mmmm. I was SO happy with their hospitality. They also gave me a copy of the menu so I will list for you here what I had: Comte Cheese Gougere - puff pastry with cheese (amuse bouche) Fennel panna cotta, bonito - I'm a sucker for savory custard.. win! Cilantro "caviar", avocado - VERY creative and yummy! Red ace, candystripe, + golden beet collage, apple, microgreens - looked nothing like anything I'd ever seen, very futuristic.. but good! Yellow corn soup, olive oil, brioche - really good corn soup, although a little salty. We sipped it out of a teacup which was a really fun way to eat soup. Glazed artichoke, parsley, parmesan - good because I like artichoke, but nothing spectacular about the flavor La ratte potato gnocchi, vegetable glaze, carrot - yum! carrot three ways, sesame, ginger - here, the carrot was presented whole, pureed, and in a foam form. everything tasted pretty good except for the foam, which tasted like soap. weird. green asparagus and morel mushroom feuillette - i actually made something similar for my boyfriend for valentine's day a few years ago, so I appreciated the combination of asparagus, puff pastry, and cream. My first time having morels--approve! A little too much asparagus for me to finish, but I think this course was supposed to be the "main course" of the collection. Overall, yummy. Strawberry consomme, rhubarb foam - very light amuse bouche. Good palate cleanser, especially if you don't have stomach room (we didn't) since it was mostly air. I liked the combo of rhubarb and strawberry in air form. =] Granny smith apple, red + white port, apple sorbet - yum! The apple sorbet was very refreshing and the combination of puff pastry and port-compressed apples was a total hit. They also gave us a few other desserts, just because. One was a chocolate custard covered with menthol whipped cream and crunchy little chocolate balls -- I love chocolate and mint so it was really good. They also gave us tiny root beer floats with house-made root beer -- super cute and also good. Lastly, we got some blueberry exploding chocolate truffles, which were reminiscent of the exploding melon ball at Alinea -- very cool. Overall, had an AMAZING time despite my initial hesitation. My advice is to skip the prix fixe and regular collection if you want to try some new and interesting cuisine (I mean, ribeye and lobster taste the same everywhere, don't they? How many times have you had golden beets in a gelatinous form with horseradish cream?) that happens to not have meat in it. Anyway, I'm obviously biased, but if you like MG, you should definitely try the road less traveled here. I had a GREAT birthday. =]
