I took my dad here on Father's day after dinner at Blackbird (which was excellent) and planned on sticking with the standards of that restaurant by getting cocktails at the affiliated Violet Hour. Expectations were not to be met. The website depicts the Violet Hour as a decadent, intimate club designed to manufacture a feeling of exclusivity. In reality, it's a dimly lit open air environment that was playing eighties and early nineties music, which was barely audible over the din of the rowdy customers. Usually I don't blame the establishment for it's clientele, but the "house rules" are both told to you upon entrance and posted online and in parts of the lounge, they just aren't enforced. Most blatantly disregarded is the "no cell phone" rule, which was brazenly ignored by about a hundred dickheads flash instagramming their designer cocktails. They were the same body of inconsiderate jerks who interpreted the "please dress appropriately" request as "wear white sneakers, plaid shorts and a wifebeater, because thats fancy. thats like what i would wear to my girlfriends parents house." Ugh. I'd be more forgiving, but the service was straight up shitty. I noticed how long it took to get served once we were seated, so I decided to time how long it would take from the finish of my first drink to actually having my second in hand. I did this using my fiancees watch because using my phone would be a dick move. Anyways, it took FORTY FIVE MINUTES! This is a cocktail lounge, with servers and a bar. Yes the customer volume was high, but who cares? How the hell is the better part of an hour reasonable when you're talking about the production and delivery of ONE cocktail? Whatever. The server was passive and not interested in answering questions and didn't help the insane amount of time it took to get a drink by sauntering around instead of moving like he had the incentive of a tip to do so. The reason I gave it two stars is that the drinks were great. The problem with that though is that great drinks aren't a huge deal to me because you can get great drinks all over the place. They had some cool signature recipes that were exclusive to the Violet Hour, but I still probably wouldn't go back.
