I love this Italian restaurant because all their pastas (filling, skins and all) are house-made and fresh!! It was a very enjoyable experience for me, food was excellent, got seated right away, and service was friendly and attentive. The bread in the beginning was fresh, soft and served hot. Appetizers: Calamari Griglia- the most unique calamari I've ever had, it's literally a whole squid grilled- the whole body (normally what you see sliced up and fried) and tentacles are grilled, all served on top of this balsamic vinegary sauce- the sauce was delectable, and everything tasted very clean and fresh Insalata Stella- a cold mix of greens, apples, raspberries, and cheese tossed in champagne vinaigrette. I was impressed with how every slice of apple was perfectly cored and sliced the same size, the perfect 4 millimeters, as were the chunks of cheese all chopped into these perfect little edible square bites. A light, refreshing salad. Main Dishes: Cappellacci all'Aragosta (Lobster Ravioli)- this was the best dish we had during the meal. I don't even like lobster, but my friend ordered it, and it was delicious- the huge raviolis stuffed with real lobster meat chopped up with cheese (I think), with this light, vodka tomato sauce on top. 2 things surprised me about this dish: 1) I thought the ravioli would have chunks of lobster but it was made well with minced meat and a good blend of flavors inside- and 2) Normally lobster ravioli comes with a creamy alfredo sauce but this with the tomato sauce was perfect- it was a just-tangy complement to the creamy lobster filling and was what made the dish excellent Cappellacci di Zucca (Pumpkin Ravioli)- Excellent dish- I liked the chewiness of the ravioli skin, stuffed with a nice, dark pumpkin filling but what I loved the most were the chunks of squash on top, roasted in this salty, buttery sauce with fried, crispy sage for the perfect crunch. It was super hearty dish, very filling, and delicious. Rigatoni Caprese- this was a good dish, not great- the rigatoni was too chewy for me (normally I love, love al dente but this was too much), thus if you eat too much, it's very filling. The sauce was OK, and the chunks of mozzarella cheese weren't as melted as I would have liked. Perhaps this dish was made first and thus not served right out of the oven. A little more heat to get that stringy cheese action would have made it more enjoyable. Dessert: Panna Cotta of chocolate and hazelnut, tasted like extra firm jello, they gave you a generous portion with dark chocolate swirled on top. I liked the subtle taste of both chocolate and hazelnut but would maybe get another dessert next time. Their dessert menu wasn't very expansive, the only things that seemed appealing were this and the tiramisu.
