I travel for work a bit. When I travel I almost always travel alone so thus I eat alone etc.. Keep that in mind with pretty much all my reviews (unless the review is in Dallas).  I stopped in for dinner one night. I was staying across the street at the Hilton. The entrance to the restaurant was through the Blackstone, however they do have a street entrance it just was not open on this night. The place was pretty busy maybe 80% full. I asked for a seat in the bar (my favorite place in a restaurant to eat when traveling.. read first note about traveling alone) and got seated at a bistro table that overlooked the whole restaurant. The restaurant looked relatively small, or at least smaller then i expected. they had a decent selection of beers. The only wheat beer (big fan) they had was blue moon. I like blue moon but its on the not that list so I decided on my typical standby Amstel light. Usually when there is a tasting menu that is what I choose but I was not that hungry and for some reason was a little reluctant to do that while alone (which never stopped me before). So I ordered the mixto of cheeses and meats. this is 2 different dishes. They have a mixto of meats and a mixto of cheeses. I thought it odd that they didn't have one of both. each one came with 3 of the chef's selections. I would imagine you could request a particular one or more but I did not. I do not know which meats I had (sorry I guess I was not listening to what the server was telling me) but they were all great. They were cut very thin which for some is ok but on the salami I would have preferred it cut a little thicker.  It came with some pickles, some country mustard and some great little sliced peppers. the mixto of cheeses I got was the cana de cabra, the aragons, and ombra. They all were very good. The can de cabra surprised me the most. I am not a big fan of brie, this one by it's self had that nutty taste that brie has. but when accompanied with the balsamic strawberries it was awesome. They all were great. I also was brought a complimentary order of tomato bread. I don't know if they do that for everyone or if it was because I am ridiculously good looking but it was out of this world. I looked at their menu online and could not find what it is called but I swore that is what they said when they set it down. The service was good. My waitress was timely and helpful. My only small complaint is that i wish they would have suggested parings for the meat and accompaniments. By the time I had gone through several variations and found the one I wanted I only had like one piece left. Also I was dissappointed to see when I got back to my room that it is restaurant week in Chicago.. No one mentioned this at the restaurant. so they lose points for that Overall very good.  one last thing... Dear Restaurant Webmaster... remove the music from your site. I had the site up while typing this review and it almost cost you a star. You are lucky there are no Yelp half stars.  one more last thing. "Mercat a" sounds a lot like Merkin which makes me giggle.
