I love pizza but I like them deep dish style. So when I got to Chicago, deep dish pizza was on top of the priority list. Getting lost on the street of Chicago, my friend Kathy and I came upon groups of hungry people waiting to get seated outside Giordano's. We immediately decided that this is the place to try! The hostess adviced us that we should order after 45 mins of waiting. Hungrily, after 45 mins, my friend and I ordered the Antipasto Salad and a smallest size pizza, 10 inches stuffed spinach pizza. After that, we waited another half an hour, which meant we waited an hour and half for pizza. Starving as I walked to the table, I thought to myself, this better be good! The Antipasto Salad came with imported ham, Genoa salami, Provolone cheese, black olives, red onion, pepperocini peppers, cucumbers, tomatoes, served on a crisp bed of Romaine lettuce. The meat on the salad was delicious. I chowed down my whole salad in matter of minutes. The pizza came shortly. The waiter placed a huge slice onto each of our plate. I sprinkled some red pepper flakes and dived into the gooey cheesy pizza. I took a big bite--it was hot! Different pizzeria makes their pizza differently. At Giordano's, they made their stuffed spinach ones with thin layer of spinach on top of the crust, then covered by a thick mixture of shredded mozzarella and parmesean cheese. Lastly, they spread a very thin layer of tomato sauce on top of it all. The pizza was very, very heavy with cheese. It was gooey when I was chewy the pizza, and cheese was all I could taste. I didn't like it much because I wanted more tomato sauce. I wanted that tang. The crust on the edge was nicely brown and flakey. I couldn't help but use it to add some texture to the gooey cheese. Giordano's stuffed pizza was not one of my favorite, but it wasn't bad either. I supposed everyone has his or her own preference and favorite stuffed pizza in Chicago. Ask for me, Giordano's was not my slice of pizza. Maybe I should try something with meat in it next time.
