This is my new lunchtime restaurant! I work near Davanti Enoteca and gave it a shot today. Overall, the food and service were excellent. The restaurant has some quirks, which seem to work to their advantage. I was greeted by a warm, attentive host who seated me at a window with a view of Taylor St. I was dining alone and appreciated being apart from the power-lunch types, free to gaze out the window and read my New Yorker in peace. The host immediately presented me with menus and took my drink order. THIS IS SO IMPORTANT WHEN YOU ARE OUT TO LUNCH ON A WEEKDAY. One star for DV. I reviewed the meu and was impressed by the range of small plates of cheeses, sausages, and all things bready. As well, they have a good variety of salads, meat, fish, and pasta dishes. Two stars for DV. I opted for the romaine salad (with ricotta and Parmesan cheeses and anchovies), the stuffed sardine (with fennel and pine nuts), and a glass of Sauvignon Blanc (Sarbolo). The salad presentation was suspicious: one spear of romaine slightly charred with a mystery creamy dressing & Parmesan, two slender croutons, one roasted tomato with a dollop of ricotta, topped with two fresh anchovies. Could this be good? It was delicious, and true to a salad: you can pick out the ingredients and enjoy them individually--the antithesis of a mixed salad where everything is combined and usually rendered banal. Three stars for DV. Next, I was served the stuffed sardine, which was also curious: a single stack of breaded sardine, filled with fennel and pine nuts. It was exquisite. Not too breaded, full-flavored, and moist (with a hint of lemon flavor), making this my kind of comfort food. Four stars for DV. As soon as I finished my fish, the host whisked it away (impeccable timing), and I ordered a macchiato. They serve Essse espresso, which was yummy and rich (expensive at $4 but so worth it). Best way to end the meal. Five stars for DV. Yes, this place is pricey, but it's quality food, which makes the meal so satisfying. You'll be dreaming of what you ate the rest of the afternoon. A few quirks: The wine is a bit of a paradox. For example, the Sauvignon Blanc had the look and aroma of a Chardonnay--but, it wasn't! Had that Sauvy Blanc bite. Also, the music was a strange mix of lounge/dance/post-rock. Not the type of music for dining, but oddly enough it made me feel like it wasn't a weekday, maybe the best thing that could happen to a working drone. I'll definitely be back soon (and next time order dessert). wOOt!
