I was given a bunch of Lettuce Entertain You gift cards recently, and I decided the right way to use them was to burn them all in a blaze of glory. So that's how my girlfriend and I ended up at Tru on a random Thursday night, celebrating nothing in particular. Now though, I wish I'd split them up and gone with a couple free dinners at Cafe-Ba-Ba-Reeba or Mon Ami Gabi. Or maybe even five free dinners at RJ Grunts. The night started off great-- sitting in an SUV parked right outside the restaurant were Heather Graham and the guy who played Vern in Stand By Me. I'm not sure if that's a permanent gig for them, or what, but I really appreciated the effort Tru made to make the night seem special. Anyway, Tru gets a big A+ for service. All your needs are accounted for, and every function the staff performs is choreographed to perfection. Because of the professionalism of their servers, Tru absolutely shines when it comes to things like the cheese course and the wine list. Our server could speak at length about every bottle of wine I mentioned, and the doling out of cheeses is a ten minute experience in which you learn about things like vegetable ash and it's ability to pull the moisture out of goat cheese. Where Tru does NOT shine is the food. I don't want to be misunderstood-- it's not that I thought any of the food was bad... in fact, everything we had was very good. But make no mistake, this is one of the most expensive restaurants in the city. At this price point, you're not looking for a good dinner, you're expecting culinary artistry. And the flavors here just don't meet the expectation. We both had the Chef's Collection, a 9-course tour of the chef's abilities. It's only about 12 hours after we left the restaurant, and I'm having trouble remembering most of the courses we had. Am I being incredibly hard on Tru? Absolutely. But when dinner approaches $500 for two people, a restaurant should be held to the highest standard. At Alinea, for instance, each of the 12 courses you're served is like a revelation. You find yourself amazed at the genius of the chef, as he combines three and sometimes four distinct flavors into a perfectly balanced single bite of food. Tru, quite frankly, is just not as good. And I may not be the only one who thinks so... We made our reservation only seven days in advance. Alinea or Trotter's would have been impossible on that little notice. But even though Tru appeared to only have half of the seating area open on the weeknight we were there, we were still able to get in at 7:15.
