WARNING -We stayed over a holiday weekend - the hotel was over run by "gang bangers" who literally were shouting, screaming, fighting in the hallways. People were falling down drunk in the halls. We stayed in our room literally fearing gunfire would erupt , I'm not making this up. We will never go back to Hotel 71. Consider staying here for the excellent location and price IF, and only if, you are staying midweek for business. There is little else to recommend this hotel. Boutique? This is a 36 floor tower with hundreds of rooms! There are few good things to say about Hotel 71 other then it's location, right on Wacker and close to everything including local transportation. Given that we spent little time at the hotel, it served our purposes. We booked a three night stay at appx. $130.00 a night and requested a top floor and river view, which was excellent. The room was decorated but sparse - insufficient writing desk with poor lighting, no pad or pens provided, cheap do it yourself coffee service on desk. Nice settee and the king bed was comfy and clean, I inspected for signs of bedbugs and found none, thankfully, but always check any hotel room immediately. Blankets and pillows were slightly upscale. Bathroom was supplied with minimal soap and shampoo, and threadbare towels, barely meeting cheap motel standards. And your closet is in the bathroom!Hotel 71 has major problems. First the lobby -- there is none. Think I'm kidding? - try finding a photo of the Hotel 71 lobby; well yes there is a smallish bare bones seating area in front of the front desk but that's it, frankly I've seen better lobbies at the cheapest Motel 6. This carries over to the "bar - dining area" bare floor with IKEA style seating that has all the comfort and charm of a bus station at night. Clearly there is a cultural disconnect between Hotel 71 ownership and the expectations of the clients. However, we were not expecting to spend anytime at the hotel so for us, no problem but your expectations may not be met. But the problems went deeper. Only 2 elevators serve the upper floors and one was out and remained unrepaired over the entire time - making the trip up to the 36th floor more of a commute then an elevator ride. This is unacceptable. It's a shame that the friendly and caring staff are stuck in a physical building that is far from welcoming as possible. Stay here midweek if you need the central location and do not expect to spend anytime here. Do not even THINK about staying here if hotel accommodations and comfort are an important part of your travel plans.
