I'm an Italian-American. I know my good food. My boyfriend lived in Italy for a year: He still has dreams about a cherry-tomato pizza he ate in Rome. Simple, clean flavors, no "grease" or mounds of dairy gooey enough for Cleopatra to bathe in- just the transcendent pinnacle of flavor for simple local ingredients. He cried when he ate the Margarita here. We liked it so much we brought his co-workers, then my girlfriends, and then the architecture firm (my girlfriend's) man works for... and then our families... no one has ever been disappointed. When one of the architects tried his pizza (the illustrious prosciutto) he demanded a moment of silence. All those present bowed their heads in reverence of the master craftsmanship, the awesome culinary ecstasy.... At this point, the owner must have mistaken our silent, worshipful study as sullen disappointment because he came over to introduce himself- I think there may have been handshakes, then bowing... because at that point he pulled out a bottle of Limoncello to toast and yes, it too was delicious! I am pleased someone had the ambition to actually go to Italy, to learn about every aspect of the craft, to send actual Italian Craftsmen to build out a wood-oven for an unsuccessful storefront and make miraculous cuisine! Try the luscious Buffalina pizza, and the Fidelis Red (bottle or glass- your choice) then thank me later. ASIDE: We've lived in this neighborhood for five years. For those of you unfamiliar: This used to be a blackened, bombed out HOLE where homeless would sleep beside the rotting carcasses of various creatures (rats, birds...) and masses of garbage-strewn weeds... I would consciously avoid walking past this storefront in broad daylight for fear of catching the flea-borne plague. It was THAT scary. And it is all gone! No more lurking Thriller-zombies! What the owner takes pride in, he has great reason to. This place has done wonders for the community, and has seriously added safety to my neighborhood. What an honor to have it around the corner of where I live!
