5-Stars for the food. 3-Stars at best for the staff. 4-overall because the food is THAT good. Being treated like I am a nuisance and then being asked to tip you is one of my biggest pet peeves. That's how it felt at the Publican. The staff was VERY knowledgeable, but they were not the most approachable. The food speaks for itself. Everything was BEYOND delicious! I would suggest dining on a weeknight, as the staff doesn't seem to be able to handle the stress of a busier night. The disappointed with the staff started from the moment I walked in. After being greeted, giving my name, I was told I would not be seated until my reservation time (with an emphasis on not). Seemed a little harsh, but we were early and expected to wait a bit. They made room for us at the standing bar while we waited; this was wonderful! They controlled the limited space for patrons who were going to be dine with them. Before doing so, they asked if we wanted a drink before being escorted to the standing bar, but told we should order from their instead.  Ten minutes later, we were greeted by staff--should have just ordered the beer from the front of the house. Staff was knowledgeable about beer/wine, but you definitely got the feeling that you were being bothersome. RECOMMENDATION: look at the beer list a head of time. They provide place of origin/titles of beer, no descriptions.  Getting to our table was fine, however we were seat 25 minutes past our reservation time. So much for being seated AT our reservation time as the hostess rudely explained upon arrival. The restaurant was quite loud making an intimate dinner difficult, but manageable (we were expecting this on a Friday).  Waitstaff was slow and not terribly attentive, but she knew her menu and gave great recommendations! She told us food is served family style/small plates and will just come out as they are available. Spacing between our first 3 dishes starter, vegetable, 'entree') were great! Then we waited. And waited. And waited. Someone who's not afraid to speak up, it just took a long time to get our waitress's attention. Seeing how she never checked on us after taking our order, this should not have come as a surprise. We wanted our fourth and final dish.   Finally getting the waitress's attention, we discussed the situation, and she said she was spacing out the plates for us. Translation: the kitchen made a mistake, or she did. The chicken was still 5 minutes from making its way out! This meant that we would have had it served to us almost 30 mins after the third small plate! The moment that lie came out of her mouth, I was done. I just said cancel the chicken and bring us our check.  She apologized and with the utmost professionalism, took the chicken off (rightly so) and comped our drinks and well. I felt this was a very fair way to correct the mistake; however the damage was done. There just seemed to be too much staff. Everyone had just one job with no real oversight. No quality control. It appeared she had no clue what and when food was being brought out. Maybe it was a hard night, but that's no excuse for poor service from every staff member we interacted with. I probably would not dine at the Publican again on a weekend, but would likely try again on a weeknight.
