I love its speakeasy atmosphere and decor! It's very beautiful inside! I was really impressed with the ambiance. Although the downstairs was reserved for a private party, we took a quick peak at the room (as we walked to the bathroom, which was located downstairs) and that room was equally cool-looking. My friend and I went on a Wednesday night at 7pm. There was a 40-minute wait which wasn't too bad. We decided to take that opportunity to hit up the bar. We each ordered the Le Bar St. Germain drink. It was comprised of st. germain, lemon, prosecco. It was good but a bit pricey ($12). Before we even finished our drinks, we were seated, which was nice. From this point on, the service was pretty bad! It took forever for our waiter to even stop by to introduce himself. He was too busy catering to this one table of ladies beside us. He did say something like "I'll be by in a few minutes, I promise." And he eventually did but his attention was not with us, which was unfortunate. Throughout our dining experience, it was obvious that our waiter was more concerned about the adjacent table of ladies rather than my friend's and my table. He barely came by and when we asked for the bill, he kinda threw it on our table. Maybe we didn't indulge and order a lot but I think we should still be treated with respect. At least the food was great! We each ordered a pasta, I ordered the Truffle Pasta (truffle sauce over cut noodles). My friend ordered the Orecchiette Pasta (spicy pork sausage & herbs). At $13 and $15. respectively, it's a bit on the pricey side. But boy were the dishes delicious! We loved them both! The pastas was cooked to perfection (al dente) and the sauces were out of this world. Midway through our dinner, a band came out besides us to play. They were great! This 20s-inspired band really added to the ambiance of the place. Overall I would go back because I want to try so much more from off the menu. I just hope next time around I have a better experience with the waiter.
