One of the best places I have tried and I appreciate that it is in Lincoln Square and you can BYOB, so you can wisely choose your wine according to what you are going to eat that day.  Their food is consistantly fresh and tasty. They are very reasonable and they offer something for everyone. They also offer brown rice, which is nice healthy option.  Opart's restaurant is a Thai lover's dream. They also allow you to create your own dishes and permit special orders and modifications on some of their signature dishes. The same family are owners for years, Excellent and attentive service. I first came here in the 80s and used to hang out with Opart who was always smiling and greeting his regular customers while sharing a beer or Thai ice coffee with them. I believe he is now running a restaurant back in Thailand, but his wife stayed on to continue to offer her great skills at cooking Thai food. Her and and some trusted long time employees and her family continue to perfectly run this place. Their food is excellent, although on the weekends when they get very busy, they might seem a bit more rushed in service. To be frankt, I have yet to find a consistantly better place anywhere else in the country. I am a Thai food lover and from CA to NY and overseas, Opart stands out and reminds me why I cannot move away from Chicago.  I love manhy of their dishes, including their tasty Chicken ginger dish, many of their noodle dishes (order them lighter on the oil) and all of their apps. are phenomenal too. Try Opart beef if you like tasty beef in a salad. Their chicken masaman is tasty and unique, a great winter dish, and I have yet to find a place that can come close to even duplicating it. Also, love their other curry based dishes, including their green curry dish. However, with the Masaman, I do remind them to make sure the potatoes are cooked, because sometimes if has come out with potatoes that are a bit undercooked. But the sauce and flavor is out of this world. The Kao Say (sp) noodles dish is tasty and enjoyable too. Great and reasonable BYOB place and I love their growth and expansion into three addtional rooms all by the Western Brown line on Western and leland.
