Worst ever. Worst!  I don't consider myself a sushi snob - Whole Foods is just as good as Mirai for me - but I found this place to be awful.  The one star I've given it is for service (attentive, super friendly, help with the menu). This place is really tiny - I would have no idea since it looks giant from the outside, but really I wasn't detered by the size since it felt kind of like hanging out in someone's living room (helped by the couch-type seating, and anime playing on the wall). Also I liked that it was BYOB and the server was very prompt with glasses, corkscrew (ours was screwtop - haha!).  It was really really cold in the place - like they'd cranked the A/C, even though it was pretty chilly outside too - and I noticed everyone was wearing their jackets still. Wouldn't that be a sign to maybe turn up the heat for patrons? Ah well, that was only a tiny complaint next to what the real problem was - the food.  The food was inedible, in my opinion. Right when we sat down, the boy ordered miso soup because he was freezing his tush off. It was disgustingly salty. It literally tasted like miso + entire salt shaker. I thought that was a flaw I was willing to overlook, until I got my sushi and realized the nightmare wasn't going to stop at the miso. There are only TWO basic components to good sushi - vinagared rice, and fresh delicious fish. The sushi at Sushi X lacked both of these. The rice was totally bland and flavorless so it failed to draw out the flavor of the fish. This turned out to be a good thing, because the fish tasted less than fresh. The nigiri was disgusting, and I was then afraid to eat the maki rolls because who knows what they might be hiding with all those other flavors - probably last week's fish in those. I literally almost spit out my tuna nigiri - it was slightly grainy (e.g. likely rotting from the breakdown of the tissue), and tasted like metal. I ate 3 pieces of sushi from our giant order, and then stopped because I really could not take anymore, and still I felt a slight stomachache afterward.  I will be sticking with Izumi as my go-to for neighborhood sushi - cannot stomach Sushi X again.
