If I could I would give it four and half stars.  First and foremost I was a little skeptical coming here because it is a Lets Us Entertain You establishment. Why, I don't know. Touristy or  maybe it was because I couldn't believe that I was going to be able to get fresh seafood in Chicago, IL. Well I did and my skepticism subsided as soon as I walked through the doors. It was 6:15 and the bar was packed and with a reservation at 6:30 my GF and I had to wait for our reservation because they already had a full house. Once again, didn't believe it till we were seated.  Tip #1 - Make reservations unless you want to try and wing it in the Oyster Bar.  Once seated the service was good and our waiter was knowledgeable and very helpful. He told us that the menu changes daily because of what is flown in. Now we're talking.  Well, people have been raving about the oysters so we had to try some. Only got the half dozen, but probably could have made a meal out of them. Tried some from the west coast (salty, briny, big, meaty, delicious) and the east coast (small, succulent, meaty, delicious). We liked the east coasters better. My GF's first time trying oysters and she loved them.  On to the meal - Japanese white ale (beer), lemon martini, lobster bisque, gulf tuna, crab cakes, Nantucket scallops, garlic shrimp (butterflied), and key lime pie for dessert. All was delicious and perfectly seasoned and cooked. The scallops were perfect - buttery, melt in your mouth good. The tuna was medium rare over a bed of peanuts and fried spicy Thai noodles. The crab cake was moist. I could go on and on. The food is delicious and did not disappoint. Tip #2 - Try the oysters.  Tip #3 - Try one of Shaw's martini's. A few complaints - Our oysters came out after the table beside us got theirs and they ordered theirs a good ten minutes after us. I was not very happy, but once I tried the oysters my anger subsided. Secondly the kid at the table beside us was annoying and would not stop kicking the bench, which quite a few of us shared. Tip #4 - Make your reservations for later in the evening. I say 8pm. It's a full house and pretty packed by then, but I think the kids will be gone and you will only have to deal with annoying adults by then.  All in all, Shaw's is a great restaurant. Pricey, but once a year is worth it. The best fresh seafood I have had in Chicago.
