And as I walk into the restaurant a sign that says BYOB It should have read, BYOS! ( Bring your own Steak) They ran out of steak! on a Thursday! Clearly they need to check who's ordering stuff and have a site down. I walked in bragging to my friends about this place and telling them how awesome it was and how we always get the "Tampiquena" which is a signature tender strip of quick-seared beef, with beans, rice, enchilada and a strip of onions. This dish is probably one of their top ones...... but since they didn't have any meat we couldn't get it. We ordered the "Chorizo con Queso" as an app and there was not a let down there. They still keep some tradition alive here, when you walk in your greeted with a small basket of chips n' salsa and small plates of carne con frijoles ( stew of pork meat and beans) We ordered a few original Mexican favorite drinks like, Limonada and Orchata both came warm.. and had to ask for more Ice. I asked for a pitcher of water because they serve you water in very small glasses that make you feel like its " tea time." I ended up ordering Pork-Chops which had way too much of the fat still attached to it and the meat was very hard to chew. The beans here are different because of their technique in cooking them, but mine looked like they'd been sitting for a while. The service was ok, we did get apps and entree in a good time but quality did lack. It almost feels like they have gone down in recent years. This place has been here since 1962! either they were off their game or things aren't flowing right in the kitchen. Something that always gets to me is that an establishment that has been here so long, created a clientele... You would think that by now they would atleast take credit cards... we are in 2011! CASH ONLY??? Really? Still? I know theres fee's involved but you have space for a huge ATM in your restaurant? IDK..... It will take a lot to get me to come back here again, I didn't give them only 1 star because in past visits it has been good, but it has gone down and this last visit just really did it for me. Hasta luego!
