I don't know why this place is so popular. More importantly, why does it have such a high Yelp rating?? We had dinner with friends last night at Wildfire, and I was completely disappointed. Here's what happened. - My girlfriend and her boyfriend got there before us and were waiting in the front area. She's a tiny little thing, and the front of the house sign FELL on her. Nobody from the restaurant came to help her and my friends had to go up to the hostess and tell her what had happened. The hostess' response? "Just don't stand near it." No apology either. - We had to wait about 15 minutes before the server even took our drink order. - Cocktails are pretty watered down. I had a gin and tonic, and all I tasted was tonic. BF had the midnight storm signature coctail (this name could be wrong), but it was pure sugar. This drink is so sweet, it will give you a sugar high. - We ordered three appetizers and one of them was wrong.  - The calamari was dry and bland. Without the sauce, it tasted like deep fried rubberbands. - I ordered the cedar plank salmon. It was D-R-Y and unflavorful. The side of broccoli was drenched in butter. Like swimming in it. - BF ordered the Lamb with cheddar au gratin potatoes and creamed spinach. I tried some of it and made a face. I think they put a cup of salt in the entire dish. In the meat, potatoes and spinach... all I tasted was salt. Are they trying to kill their patrons? Or maybe just drink more?? - The apple tart dessert was just OK. The serving is large, but the apples were a little undercooked and crust was a little overcooked. But it came with a big scoop of ice cream, so it was ok. - There was a fruit fly around our table that wouldn't leave us alone for the whole dinner. + On a positive note, they didn't charge us for the wrong appetizer and sent the right one over. + The baked goat cheese is pretty tasty. + The ribs are pretty tasty. As is the prime rib - but get it medium rare. + Ambiance is warm. There were holiday lights and wreaths everywhere. The fireplace is a nice touch too. Feels like you're going into a steakhouse in a ski resort. But it's very noisy. + $300 for six people, for drinks, appetizers, entrees and desserts is a sweet price for a great night with friends. On a side note, my girlfriend told me the Wildfire in Glenview is much better than the one in the city.
