I need to start this review off with an apology. Mouth - I'm so very sorry. I simply can't always give you such incredibly delicious things like what we shared today. You'll have to make do with what I give you until we're able to go back for another brunch at ZED451. It started when I realized my girlfriend would be stuck working Easter morning, and we wouldn't be able to have Easter Brunch. I did some searching and picked ZED451 for a little "prEaster Brunch", because they do a Brunch Buffet on Saturdays as well (from 10am to 2pm). Went to OpenTable and made a reservation for 2 at 10am, just in case they were busy. We arrived in time to watch them unlock the doors. We were shown to our table and had full run of the house for 15 minutes while they finished setting up the buffet stations and eventually another group would be entering. Our server Karen was fabulous, explaining everything to us as first-timers and follow-up conversation throughout the meal. She was one of the best soda-refiller attendants I've ever had, though I suggest that a larger glass would have meant much fewer needs to refill. Basically, ZED451 is set in the style of a churrascaria (if you've been to one). There is a salad bar (called "Harvest Tables" here) where you have a lovely pick of salads, charcuterie, and the like. There is a set of "table plate" side dishes that they bring out and refill when you run out. And there is a token that signals the serving staff to stop by your table with their delicious wares for you to grab - or to stop harassing your table for the time being and let you eat your grabbed delicious wares. At churrascarias, it's a round token you flip on a red side or green side. Here, it's a bowl with stones, and you place your stone by your plate for service and back in the bowl to "turn off the meat faucet" - as I like to say. So where to begin? The Harvest Tables were our first stop. Of the 5 stations, one was covered in fresh fruits (ho hum). One was full of tiny desserts (not yet). One was full of salads, salad-type dishes, and vegetables (yawn). Then there's the charcuterie station, which featured a delicious aged white cheddar, interesting cured meats, and these cheddar-buttermilk biscuits with TANGERINE BUTTER. I never thought I'd ever encounter such an odd-sounding item. But it was insanely good. INSANE. And speaking of which, the last station featured vanilla steel-cut oatmeal and DUCK CONFIT HOME FRIES. "What", "the" and "hell" were my exact words - as I spooned the duck and potato mixture onto what remained of the space on my plate. It was fab-yoo-lous. All three times I grabbed some. But before digging into my salad bar plate, the table side dishes had arrived, and interrupted any thought at all of my duck-tatoes. Because just beyond the fritata, and past the poached egg and corned beef hash, and over beside the giant cinnamon bun - there was a small pan full of MAPLE CAJUN BACON. It was my first bite at ZED451, and I made sure it was also my last bite an hour and a half later (on our third or fourth helping that was brought out). I could write eight pages on how delicious every individual item listed so far was. But I don't need to. I wouldn't be giving ZED451 a 5-star rating if I felt I needed to "win you over". "Tangerine butter", "duck confit home fries" and "maple cajun bacon" don't have to tell you they're awesome - they're already awesome and they don't care who knows it. Which is good, because I need to move right on to the "meat faucet" portion of the meal. Homemade sausage w/ honey mustard. Citrus-dusted salmon. Buttermilk herb bottom sirloin. Panettone French toast. These are the things they brought for us to eat that I don't even feel like wasting words to describe to you. Because they need to be saved for two of the best dishes: Chicken 'n Waffles: It's NOT what you'd think, actually. Well it IS, but it's BETTER than that. It's a miniature Belgian waffle, brimming in every hole with maple syrup. And perched on top was the crispy chicken. But this was not a "standard fried chicken". This was BUFFALO-style chicken. A fabulously-flavored hunk of meat atop a fluffy-syrupy doughy treat. The combination left me... staggering to think of any other thought beyond "I need another bite of this", even to the point when it was finished and I was craning my neck to see if the Chicken 'n Waffle Man was lurking anywhere nearby to give me another. Crab Cake Benedict: It's a meaty, delicious crab cake - that alone should be enough. But no, they topped it with a perfectly-poached egg. And then, the obvious Hollandaise sauce drizzled on top. This was the item that had me mentally jotting down the actual apology written at the start of this review. I knew that anything beyond this item for the rest of the meal, day, week, would simply not compare. But as I mentioned, I finished with more Maple Cajun Bacon. Sorry, mouth. We WILL be back. I promise.
