[For the full review with pictures, see the link to my blog on my profile.] I thought my plan was foolproof: two months to the calender day as soon as 11am Eastern Time struck, I would call Alinea and presumably have no problem securing a reservation. Well, I was under a misapprehension. It ultimately took 3-5 phone calls per minute for 95 minutes before I finally made it through to a reservationist. I hated the restaurant before I had even crossed the border into Illinois. During my final class of the semester, when the subject of Chicago restaurants surfaced, one of my stats professors mentioned that Alinea delivered the best meal of his life. I found myself struggling to agree with him. It's not the best meal I've had, I said, nor is it the tastiest food I've ever had. But it doesn't need to be because it's the most fun I've ever had in a restaurant tout court. Alinea's impishness is on display from the moment one is seated, as the table's centerpiece is a large block of ice gravid with beet-hibiscus-black licorice juice that becomes a palate cleanser following an aggressively seasoned pure of scallops--intended to mirror tofu, except with flavor, of course--sitting in, inter alia, dashi. With one playful dish after another, the occasional pratfall is bound to occur. And it did, several times. Nothing fell flatter than a utensil-free course of Mangalitsa ham, squid tentacle, orange and fennel, which tasted as if the kitchen had discovered a way to transmogrify orange into a dog's chew toy, making for one of the more unpleasant adventures of the evening. And then there was the edible helium-filled green apple taffy balloon. The balloon is temperature sensitive, and due to the moderate humidity that day, on first delivery one of the balloons shriveled into an unattractive mass, at which point a collective dejection cascaded across the dining room; based on the runner's reaction and how quickly he absconded back to the kitchen, you would have thought he arrived with his pants down. Those lapses can be easily overlooked given the deep-water greatness of several items. After a few introductory courses that amount to throat-clearing exercises, the kitchen demonstrated its ability to walk on water with four courses of outright genius that detonate on your palate unlike anything you've experienced before. It started with a mouthful of spring: four torrid stones holding first of the season morels coated in the feathery baste of beurre mont, asparagus, maitakes, mushroom pure, fried mizuna, and a sixty-three degree quail egg. Next, we'd be treated to an Achatz original: hot potato-cold potato, which leaves your brain trying to conduct an expeditious inventory of details--hot, black truffle-topped Yukon gold potato (check!), cold, velvety potato soup (check!)--as it reconciles two seemingly incongruous sensations. Moving on to what would constitute the main course, first a mirror with sixty ingredients was placed in the middle of the table, soon followed by a plate with three immaculately prepared cuts of lamb: the shank, the saddle and the loin. This almost seemed like the kitchen's way of saying, "Hey, just in case you thought all we do is play around with gels, hydrocolloids and unconventional plating techniques, check this s*** out." Spacing out the classics, then came the black truffle explosion, Achatz's successful effort that lasers in on the flavor of black truffle. As if it had been read a sob story, the raviolo gushed forth its black truffle goodness. And despite instructions to seal one's lips tightly, I managed to spray truffle stock half-way across the table. Overseeing this playground was our server Kevin, a hirsute redhead. I had read that service could be on the cold and condescending side, but that certainly wasn't our experience, for everyone who made a pit stop at our table was delightful and most courteous. My one gripe is that while a meal at Alinea will leave one giddy, there's also fatigue that comes with two-and-a-half hours of instructions that precede each course--don't grab the burning end of the cinnamon stick, don't bite down on the metal ball, please don't wait too long to enjoy this dish as it is time sensitive and on it goes--such that there are points where one wonders, "Is this a restaurant, or am I in the principal's office?" One final point: it seemed to me that tables were a bit too close to one another. This wouldn't be such a problem if menu length varied by table, as it did several years ago (when the restaurant offered a 26-course option). However, since every table now experiences the same sequence of courses, there's a reasonably high probability that many of the surprises can be sullied if you find yourself gazing in any direction for too long. Notwithstanding these minor quibbles, the food is stunning. It's the equivalent of running a red light over a dozen times and not crashing, and I cannot wait to return the next chance I get.
