Full review w/ pics in blog. Explaining to our waiter that we'd be attending the conference and made a note telling us "no problem." Browsing the room I have to say I quite liked the dark woods and heavy feel of the room - the back of the restaurant actually quite attractive and mostly well isolated from the deafening noise of the bar area. Service was friendly, hip, pleasant, and vastly better than any "bar" I've ever been to. Shortly after placing our orders the server returned with a warm loaf of "Soda Bread" with salted butter on a wooden serving board - having never tasted soda bread in the past I was somewhat excited. Tearing off an end piece and topping it with butter I took a bite and was instantly impressed by the crispy crust and soft/airy insides with obvious notes of buttermilk. Braised Rabbit Salad with Crisp Rice, Langhe Robiola and Horseradish Vinaigrette the salad arrived appearing to be a big pile of Robiola with some sesame seeds and light dressing. What the dish lacked in presentation, however, it more than recovered for in terms of taste, contrast, and variety of flavors. Large in portion the savory rabbit meat was very well prepared and not one bit gamey while the crispy rice lent a nice contrast to the soft flesh. The Scotch Egg with spicy mustard - "bar food" at its best. Tasting the mix of crispy (not oily) breading, smooth and mild egg, and spicy savory sausage together was like the best sausage and egg biscuit you can imagine - sure it isn't healthy, but damn is it good. Poached Swan Creek Duck Egg on Mushroom Toast with Shaved Grana Padano and it was actually better than the first egg. First of all, if you've never had a duck egg you owe it to yourself to do-so (assuming you like eggs.) Richer, creamier, and smoother than a hen egg this average sized specimen was perfectly poached with a creamy and rich yolk pouring forth when poked and lathering the combination of smooth shaved cheese and mlange of woodsy mushrooms with an intense flavor.  House Poutine with Elk Ragout, Curd Cheese, Chips. First of all, the parts I was familiar with - the fries were great - large and cooked through with a good ratio of crunchy outside to smooth potato interior while the cheddar cheese curd was obviously quite fresh with a lot of squeak and only a mild bit of brine. Anchoring the creamy cheese and crispy potatoes was a delectably rich and savory gravy of elk - a beast I'd never tasted - and hints of carrots, celery, and smoke. Salty and delicious. I've had chicken nuggets. I've had popcorn shrimp. I've had deep fried sweetbreads. I'd never had deepfried chicken livers. Creamy, smooth, flavorful, perfectly coated and well done - but a belly bomb to say the least.  When it was all said and done our bill at The Gage was less per person than that at Blackbird and I enjoyed it nearly as much - a great surprise as I went in with skeptical expectations at best. As I've said before, I'm not a bar guy - but if bar food at home were half this good I could become one.
