The meal was a 3.5 hour experience that had more sensory stimulation than basically anything that I had ever done. You walk into a perspective hall and a door slides open to your left. I felt both inadequate due to not having a food camera, but glad that I am adequate enough to eat without taking pictures of my gluttony. I went with the wine pairings and they were great. If you have to choose between the 24 course or the 12 and wine, go with the 24 however. The wines are expertly chosen, but you don't want to miss the food. If you don't have to choose, good for you. Lemongrass - This was a kumumoto oyster will tiny chilis, ginger, and yuzu served with a lemongrass stalk as a serving utensil. Fava Beans - 'Tis the season for favas. This elaborate display started with white pillows filled with lavender vapor. Atop the pillows, the server placed a parfait of fava pure, freeze dried banana, olive oil balls, and a lavender gelato. Shaved pecorino on top.  Spring Garlic - Holding onto a ball while eating chicken jelly is not something that I am ready to admit that I have done before, but this was fun. The soup bowl was perfectly spherical and the bite that came with the bowl was lemon with chicken jelly on top. The soup was a puree of spring garlic and was great Ice Fish - Ice fish are these tiny Antarctic fish fried whole and served with fried chips of horseradish, garlic, and potato. It was a fun take on fish and chips. There also were whole asparagus and asparagus emulsion. More ice fish were ground into a tartar like paste. Lobster - This was my favorite savory course. The first setting is a large bowl filled with mint leaves. The second bowl was lobster, ramp puree, spring peas, and foam. As an interruption, we were served lobster crisps with crme. The large bowl was filled with boiling hot water to release the mint vapor and the dish was spectacular. The ramp bulbs were served whole, the greens pureed and mixed with the spring peas and lobster; it was a perfect encapsulation of spring. Not to mention the free facial. Waygu Beef - When course four was served another server came by with what appeared to be table flags. We were told to look, but not touch. When course 6 came by, we got our plate with what appeared to be a tiny simple maki piece. As we glanced at our "flags", we noticed that they were slices of beef frozen in liquid nitrogen and were now mostly thawed. The "maki" was potato with rendered waygu fat wrapped in a black truffle. The waygu was placed atop what we now realized was a very hot plate and the worked like an amazing meat tarp over the truffle and potato. Aged sherry and more rendered waygu fat topped the course. Short Rib - This course was a perfectly tender short rib boned and place with ramp puree under a gelatinous sheet made from Guinness. Atop the sheet was carmelized broccoli and peanut. Squab - By this time, I was sweating. I needed a cigarette; and I don't even smoke. The squab was decidedly controversial and, as the server noted, was for many diners. The "loin" of squab was roasted. Another was placed in chocolate and baked. The dish was flanked by pickled blueberries, hazelnut crme, and spring garlic puree. Chicken skins were ground and used as "soil". eaten. Bacon -Bacon on a wire wrapped in butterscotch, smoked by apple wood, and served with a spring of thyme. Carrot - This was a carrot cake. Not any carrot cake that I have ever heard of, but it was great. The spice strip was a Listerine type strip, but instead of making me more appealing on the CTA, this one tasted of nutmeg and cinnamon and made me think of holidays past. The cake was served with a red curry and date puree. There was a marble sized capsule filled with ginger water. The "soil" on top was ground pistachio. Chocolate - This is one of the most indescribable food items that I have ever seen and I can only compare it to Jackson Pollack or that drink that you make in a garbage can in college. It was pomelo capsules and juice, smoke capsules, miniflowers, egg yolk in a chocolate capsule, and smoke cream in a brownie brioche shell. Had we not been told to mix it, it would have been a disaster. It has so many offputtingly sexy flavors and textures that it couldn't go together right? Wrong. It was a masterpiece. Sweet Potato - How would you end such an extra extravagant affair, but with flaming cinnamon stick with sweet potato pie tempura on the end lollypop style? It was crunchy and bourbony. You'll notice that I used perfect a lot, but in truth much of the dinner was just that, perfect. The service was wonderful, the wine was great, and the food was out of this world. The creativity involved was inspirational and the valets were prompt. Don't be intimidated by the food. Be intimidated by the price. We were/are and are planning on eating plain rice for a month to pay for our next trip. If you want the unabbreviated version, PM me.
