Well it's my oldest daughters birthday, 22 years already. Where has the time gone? I still remember, just like it was yesterday, her sleeping in her little crib right next to the bed my wife and I would sleep in, in our little, one bedroom apartment. In our family we always pick a place, so where did my daughter decide she wanted to go for her birthday meal, The Bongo Room. I have tried twice before to experience The Bongo Room but to no avail. The wait is usually at least an hour plus long, and that's just too long to wait. Well this time we are told the wait will be just 40 minutes, but to check back in 20 minutes. So we wander around the neighborhood for a little bit and low and behold we get our table in 20 minutes. That seems to be a good sign, I hope. So I start by ordering the Beef Benedict with Scrambled Eggs instead of Poached Eggs. I prefer Scrambled Eggs, not really a Poached Egg type of guy. I know they are all eggs but it is just what I prefer. The beef was sooo tender and it was very tasty too. My dish also came with an English Muffin and Hash Brown Potatoes. The hash browns were really good, seasoned just right, I only added a little bit of salt. I also had a side of bacon, a breakfast just isn't a breakfast without a side of bacon (even if you order bacon as your main dish, you should still order a side of bacon, yum). My wife ordered a half order of the Lemon, Ricotta and Blueberry pancakes. She was thrilled that she could order the full order (4 pancakes), half order (which she did order, 2 pancakes) and a quarter order (1 pancake). Maria is a light eater and usually does not like that most places do not have smaller order sizes for adults. She also ordered a side order of sausage patties. I will agree with Maria her dish was very good. She of course let me sample some. Actually just about everyone let me sample some, boooo to those who didn't! My birthday, daughter ordered the Red Velvet pancakes. That was like eating desert for breakfast. Her pancakes were truly delicious!! They were a little bit on the rich side but still really good. Her boyfriend ordered the 4 Berry French Toast. He had to make a fast trip over to Walgreens. So while he was gone and his food showed up I had to give them a sample. Don't worry I told him I sampled some of his food when he got back. The French toast was sooo light and tasty. They were really good. I think I would get this next time, of course with a side of bacon (which is what he got was a side of bacon too). The Berrys on his French Toast were very fresh tasting too. My oldest son ordered two scrambled eggs and bacon. He was the only one to not let me sample any of his dish. Which is probably good since he thought it was just okay. He even left some bacon on his dish when the waiter took it. I couldn't believe it as I still had some room for some bacon. My younger daughter ordered a Cheddar Cheese and Bacon Omelette, which after complaining for a while finally let me sample some. I tell you these kids now a days, not appreciating their hard working parents. Well we both thought her dish was good. And finally my youngest son ordered a Breakfast Burrito. He never said what he thought of it but I thought it was average, I actually thought the Breakfast Burrito at Victory Banner was better. So our total bill came to roughly $120 dollars. Which for seven of us was pretty good I thought. That even included an 18% tip, I guess because of party size, even though no one ever said why. Our waitress/server Pearl was extremely friendly and patient. Even though I will say we told her it was our daughters birthday and that got us nothing. I don't say that just to get something, but come on Bongo Room the place is packed, business is going well I think you can afford something for the birthday person. I don't know maybe a side of bacon (hint, hint). And finally the food was original, fresh and very good tasting. We will definitely head back to The Bongo Room in the future, as long as the wait isn't bad.
