It was 1:45am, 15 minutes to closing time. I had about 1/3 of my Tripel Karmeliet left. My boyfriend and I had been there for about an hour and a half, drinking a few beers with his sister and her friend. Little did we know, we were about to get kicked out and told never to return. We had already heard the "It's closing time!!" yells from various staff members, and were finishing up our beers and getting ready to head out. We knew we had at least 15 minutes to finish up, since most places begrudgingly (but politely) allow patrons to stay a few minutes after closing time. So to say I was shocked when a large man on the Hopleaf staff with a scruffy beard and bandana on his head and an angry grimace came from behind the bar, his arm outstretched and his finger pointing directly at me, strode angrily toward me, yelled, "I said, 'It's closing time'!!!", grabbed my unfinished Tripel, stomped back to the bar and slammed it down on the counter, would be a bit of an understatement. My boyfriend at I looked at each other in disbelief. He looked at his watch. It was 1:57am. We looked at his sister, who was staring open-mouthed at me. What the f**k just happened? I looked longingly at my Tripel. Then I got up and walked (didn't stomp, didn't stride, just walked) over to the Very Angry Man. "Why did you take my beer?" I asked. "It's not even closing time and I'm not done with it." Arm outstretched and finger pointing again, the pugnacious staffer pointed toward the door and yelled, "Get out. NOW." Dude. It's not even closing time. GET OUT. NOW!! Then as if on cue, as if waiting, poised, behind the curtain for their entrance onto the scene, three additional Hopleaf staff converged on us, pointing their fingers angrily and yelling at us to get out. The bartender chimed in with several choice f bombs, just for good measure. We were able to lodge one more sentence of protest before the Prickly Man yelled, "GET OUT AND NEVER COME BACK. NEVER!!!" Out on the street, we walked to the car, shaking our heads, and heard one last Hopleaf Hothead yell, "Go ahead and get on Yelp!" We thought that was a great idea. Needless to say, we won't be back. [We'd love to talk to Michael and Louise (the owners) about this incident and get their take on how they think their bar is being run when they're not around.]
