OMG! I've been dreaming about this meal ever since I went last Friday night.  I had been wanting to try this place for a while and finally went with 2 of my girlfriends. I wouldn't recommend going with a large group, as they don't take reservations and the place is pretty small, but our group of 3 worked out well.  When I got there, one of my friends had already put our name in and ordered a bottle of white. We were told the wait would be an hour to an hour and a half. I was expecting this since it was 7:30 on a Friday night. We made ourselves comfortable under the heat lamps outside to wait. Exactly 1 hour later we were seated. The place was packed and we were seated at a communal table right in the middle of the restaurant. It was a bit of a tight squeeze, but nothing that ruined my meal.  We ordered a bottle of Rioja and a meat and cheese plate to start, which was the perfect beginning to a great meal. Then, in no particular order, we tried the shrimp and clams antipasti, the pig's ear, the fried manchego, the whipped feta smear, the roasted bone marrow smear, and the milk braised pork shoulder. Absolutely everything we had was spectacular. The standouts were the fried manchego (I could eat this everyday), the pork shoulder (very tender), the pigs ear (something I never would have normally ordered, but it was really unique and rich tasting with the fried egg on top), and also the bone marrow (again, something I would never think to order, but was very savory). We ended our meal with a bottle of Prosecco and the Sicilian Kiss dessert....so yummy! Basically a fried donut filled with chocolate and ricotta cheese. As fas as service, our waitress was very friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable despite how busy she was! Between the 3 of us, we ordered quite a bit because we wanted to try so much, so our bill at the end was pretty picey, but you could just as easily go here with 2 people and get a bottle of wine and 4-5 plates and have a very reasonably priced dinner.  This really was one of the best meals I've ever had and I will be making regular returns to this place for sure! It easily just took over the number 1 spot on my list of Top 5 Favorite Chicago Restaurants!
