We went to Big Jone's over M Henry only because we could make a rec the night before for Big Jones on open table. score! You know how the waits for brunch can be and I didn't want to get crabby. Well, we got a late start....a half hour late start. The hostess recognized our reservation still and took pity on us and sat us at the table they were holding for us by the window. The place was busy but not too crowded and they weren't crammed tables as at a lot of brunch places. The decor was nice, New Orleans inspired but still very light. Once we were seated they served us a platter of 4 beignets. My husband had never had one before. The only other time I had had them was at the one and only Cafe Du Monde during a visit to NOLA over 6 years before. They were as good as I remembered them, although I am sure there are variances in the recipe that a native would distinguish. With so many a la carte items at brunches, its nice to get something complimentary and much better than a plate of bread! We did not order any appetizers although if I went back I'd try the fried green tomatoes and share an entree. My husband got the cheesy corn cakes served with salsa verde, eggs any way you like it, black beans, guac and some sour cream. While not my style, he loved it. I ordered the Eggs New Orleans--their take on Eggs Benedict, subbing in puff popovers for English Muffins and adding in crab cakes with Potatoes O'Brien. Everything was great. The eggs were just the right amount! I would definitely order it again. My only wish is that the crab cake was bigger of the popover smaller so that you could take a bite and get the same amount of everything on your fork and in your mouth. I did have one whole egg tower of goodness leftover which was amazing the next day after a quick broil! Overall, I liked the menu because it was savory heavy. Unlike most women I opt for savory for brunch over sweet. Many brunch menus we looked at in Andersonville were very sweet heavy, which is fine for a bite or two but then I have to throw in the towel. I will definitely try this place again. Staff was attentive, warm, but not overbearing. And again, bonus points for them saving our reserved table! It exceeded my expectations!
