So I spent this weekend in Chicago and on the recommendation of several locals, we shuffled along hungover up Clark Street to Rick Bayless's XOCO. I was, admittedly nervous about the hype. But the line that went out the door was a little convincing. And the astonishingly delicious sounding menu gave me faith that it would really, really be worth the wait. I mean, I don't get goat barbacoa tortas in KC. I also don't get Cochinita Pibil here. And despite the fact that the atmosphere was in no way what one would expect in Mexico City, it was like eating at somewhere great and hidden in Mexico City. It was phenomenal. There might have been a food-gasm. Or several. As the slightly hungover, super starving kids we were, we let our churros come out immediately, and they were oh so good. (They do ask if you'd like them out immediately or after your food. We were just way too excited.) I know it's hard to blow a churro, but these were not entirely greasy and still had some serious texture. Then we did move on to the special torta, which was goat barbacoa with avocado and cilantro sauce, and some delicious red sauce that absolutely made me want to cry and die and stay there forever. My friend had the cochinita pibil, which I used to get at this great divey place in San Antonio, and this absolutely held up, with pickled onions and a super spicy sauce that was so mindblowlingly awesome. It was incredible. Incredible enough that we wanted to go back there for dinner. Unfortunately, the line at 8:30 PM made the one from noon look short and manageable, and we gave up. Part of me really wishes we had waited. I would have liked to try more things. But that line was a pretty big pain, and we were a party of five... That would be my only concern- the way that one waits in line to order, and then may have to wait longer to sit, is a little strange. I would think there would be a better way to seat people, especially considering just how busy XOCO obviously is at basically all times. I would recommend allotting a whole lot of time to go to XOCO, so there's no line-related stress. The food will be worth it. Or if it's after 3 PM, get it to go. If it hadn't been raining and we hadn't been pretty far from our hotel, we would have been all about that. Also, the beer selection is pretty phenomenal. I'm all about the fact that there's some Mexican classics but also big old bottles of Matilda. Anywhere that serves Matilda makes my night. Mostly, this place made me pretty convinced I could live in Chicago if I could become a regular at XOCO.
