Icosium Kafe was the perfect stop for dinner and dessert on a rainy Friday evening while shopping on Clark St. My friend and I came in to a mostly-empty restaurant; it's a fun setting, with beaded light fixtures, a checkerboard floor and belly-dance-type music floating around in the background. We parked it and were treated to cucumber-infused water (nice change from the wedge of lemon, and very refreshing), then perused the tempting menu. Since a lot of the predetermined crepes contain tomatoes, which I don't like, I was pleased that there was a "Build Your Own Crepe" option; I loaded mine with mixed organic greens, roasted peppers, caramelized onions, roasted garlic, chicken breast ($2.99 extra, but worth it), toasted almonds (these only seemed to be sprinkled sparingly on top), and goat cheese. WOW! I'm not particularly given to hyperbole but this is one of the best things I've eaten in a long time. The crepe itself was of a light texture (I ate at La Creperie, also on Clark, once and the savory crepes were thick and stodgy; yuck), yet held up to all the fillings. The fillings were delicious and the flavors married well together; the goat cheese and caramelized onions were especially well matched. Savory crepes also came with a bowl of soup, on this day pureed vegetable, which was good and had a true, fresh, homemade taste, but since I was eating an entree and knew I wanted dessert too I only ate a bit to save room. For dessert my companion and I split the Crepe Salem with fresh pineapple, honey and walnuts, with whipped cream; we also got a scoop of the pistachio-rosewater ice cream on the side. (I had originally gravitated toward one of the Nutella crepes, but then this caught my eye, and you see crepes with Nutella more often; this seemed more unusual, so I went for it.) Delicious, and the ice cream was very unusual and matched well with the pineapple (wouldn't have done so with the Nutella, I don't think). Again, the crepe itself was light and perfect. Yum. Service was okay; the waitress was young and a bit brisk, and our dessert came out before the entree course was finished. The one downer about the meal had nothing to do with the restaurant per se; it was the people behind us for the first half of the meal. One girl (at a table of three) apparently loved the sound of her own voice and was blowing her mouth off nonstop for half an hour, dropping f-bombs every other word, until they finally, thankfully, left before our dessert came. I can understand blowing off steam for a few minutes on a Friday after work and then moving on to other topics, but this was the only person I heard talking at the table, and since it's a small restaurant, there was no way that anyone could NOT hear her. Rude, really. Again, that has nothing to do with the restaurant itself, though be aware that if you eat here you might end up sitting next to her as you tuck into your crepe! The fear of that isn't enough to keep me away; I'll assuredly be back to Icosium Kafe.
