Stayed here for one night while I was in town to catch a rock show at the Empty Bottle club (maybe 3-4 miles away and Crowne Plaza is one of the closer hotels to it). Got a good deal on the room and I've stayed at CP's in other cities when going to shows and events, so I'm kinda used to them.  The desk staff, as usual for a CP, were not great, but were decent. The concierge and doormen were somewhat better. The bathroom seemed pretty clean and new, and the room had a balcony which was a nice touch if it didn't overlook a freeway/ parking lot/ garage. Nope, you're not paying for "view" here. The balcony is also secluded by concrete walls from adjoining balconies, which made me feel somewhat more secure than if it hadn't been. What did NOT make me feel secure was the doors that could be opened to connect my room to the adjoining room. The door on my side did NOT lock securely - the deadbolt would only go a little way in instead of the whole way in, causing the door to be able to be opened with a good punch, kick or vibration. Sure enough, a party of loud young guys showed up to stay in the room next door and opened the door on their side thinking probably it was a closet (same mistake I made initially). The walls between our rooms were paper thin and I could clearly hear these bro's conversation, plus I could hear when they went out on the balcony and started yelling to their buddy down in the parking lot. Fortunately they went out after that, and I didn't have much luggage with me, so I put my few valuables in the storage safe and went out to the show. I thought about asking for a room change but I was on a tight schedule so I just decided to put up with it. I got home about 2:30 am and my door was still "kinda locked" and the next door room was quiet, so I went to sleep. I woke up at 6:30 am to find that the door on my side of the room was open like it had been pushed or vibrated open. The door to the next room was shut. Nothing like my purse or money (all of which was out on the nightstand next to my bed) had been taken which made me think the door either vibrated open or the guys next door made a mistake again, realized it and then locked their door and left me alone, but it was scary, especially since some of the patrons of this hotel are kinda skeezy looking (though not all; there were some families with little kids, some budget-tourist couples and the like as well - basically a mix of what looks like budget/ family travelers and people who want a room to party all night). I told the desk girl about the bad door lock and she seemed concerned and said she'd have someone fix it right away.  On the plus side, I had the mushroom ravioli from the restaurant for dinner. It was reasonably tasty and came with some rolls and herbed honey butter that were REALLY tasty. Better than what I expected from a place like this. Edited: It's now a couple months down the road and the more I think about that situation with the door that didn't lock, the creepier I feel about what could have happened, especially given that some of the people staying at this particular hotel looked pretty dern ghetto, so in retrospect, I'm gonna knock it down a star. I really can't recommend this place at all after an experience like that.
