I'm with Meena. I was ready to be underwhelmed by this place based on location and name and specialty (I don't dine on swine). But the Dames who Dine had selected this as our next gathering place, so I was ready to give it a shot. Oh, Dear Dame Ronnie - thank you for picking The Purple Pig. Why am I grateful? Let me tell ye yelpers: 1. Antonio. While we were disappointed to have a 90 minute wait at 6:30 on a Wed night (after being told they don't take reservations and we should be fine), we were lucky to be waited on during our wait and during dinner (by special request!) by Antonio. A very nice, very attentive, knowledgeable lad. He was super. 2. The space. It's small but very cozy. The bathrooms are nicely-sized and impeccably clean. The tables are warm and seats comfortable. The "Waiting Space" they told us about was pretty disappointing because it's basically the hallway by the bathrooms and a door that exits to the building it's in so there was a lot of passersby and exiters -- but overall, a very nice space. 3. The wine. I didn't peruse the wine list for more than a minute, but I know this much: there's a range of wines from an affordability and grape standpoint. And whatever we got (can't remember but I do remember, thanks to my lingering headache, that I had too much) was delicious and fairly-priced. 4. But let's get to what this is all about: the food, bitches. As someone who doesn't touch pork, I figured my options would be limited - but they weren't. We ordered a few sides that make me aching for more: whipped feta with cucumber -- yes, I would roll in a bathtub full of you and then give myself a cat bath -- soooooo good. Also, the eggplant with goat cheese? Yes, please. Superb. Thanks to the chica waiting in line for the lady-can who recommended it. And probs my fave - the shaved Brussels sprouts with Parmesan. My god. The other dames noshed on the cured meat sampler. Not a trace was left so if you're into that, you'd probably be interested in trying this place. The night made for a slight dent in my piggy bank but that probably had more to do with devouring wine while we waited than anything else. I'm eager to go back soon with my husband so I can pig out properly. Very happy to have a quality dining place that's within my budget in the tourist village of Chicago ....I'll definitely be back.
