Having grown up in Dallas (and LA), I have had the chance to eat some damn good homecooked/restaurant Korean BBQ. So I definitely did not come here with any high expectations. I took my mother here (another tough Korean food critic) when she came to visit for the weekend. Not being from the midwest, I was definitely not impressed. However, this place is probably the best Korean BBQ you're going to find in Chicago.  San Soo Gab San gives a lot of "ban-chan" aka side dishes. They give you like 20-25 different side dishes, which is a little overboard in my opinion, but hey I didn't mind :) Now on to the Korean BBQ section of this review. Now considering this place is known for its Korean BBQ, I was very disappointed in the whole set up of the grill. They got one thing right, the use of coals. Basically there is this hole in the table where the coals go and then they place a small flat grill RIGHT ABOVE the coals. So your korean bbq is basically sitting on top of the coals and separated by a small thin grill. After a while, the BBQ ends up tasting like coal/smoke and it ruins the flavor. We ordered two orders of the Wang Galbi (the best one in my opinion). It was pretty decent. Not the best korean bbq but we definitely enjoyed it. The third order was this other Gal Bi which I don't remember, but it was extremely salty due to the heavy marinating.... it was difficult to eat. Even worse, they brought us the meat still partially frozen. I was shocked that they would bring us half frozen meat and then try to play it off like it's supposed to be that way. You can't pull that one off with Korean people who have ate korean food their entire lives. Anyways, despite my criticisms - this place is probably the best korean food you are going to see in Chicago. It's packed, so definitely a lot of people obviously enjoy it. Just make sure you bring a Korean person with you because despite the stereotype that all Korean servers are absolutely terrible at service and are racist, it is true in the majority of the cases. So just bring a Korean speaking friend just in case. To non Korean folks - this place is probably the best To Korean folks - average
