Chicago's Essx Inn was the perfect hotel for my boyfriend and I on our first trip to Chicago. We stayed for a long weekend and needed a cheap hotel that was on Michigan Ave (as to have easy access to all the sights). We checked in very late (almost midnight on a Thursday) and were still greeted as if it were a bright and sunny summer day. Our room was a little on the small side, but last time I checked the purpose of a hotel room is to sleep, change clothes, nap, and shower. This room was definitely adequate, but not 5-star quality. The bathroom was a bit small... especially the sink! I could put my hand over the sink and it could easily span the diameter. The light in the toilet/shower part of the bathroom was pretty dim, but they do have one of those timed heated lights to turn on if you'd like. The features in the room itself included a nicely sized mini-fridge, a flat-screen TV with plenty of channels (including many HBO channels, too), and a heater. The heat system is a radiator, and although it has an "auto"/"manual"/"off" switch, when it turns on to heat up the room, it made a loud clanking noise that all of us who have ever had radiators and gas heat are very familiar with. We would keep the heat on during the day while we were out and shut it off at night. The room was very very comfy (not cold at all) even when it was below freezing outside. The pool and fitness area is one of the best I've ever been to at a hotel. The pool has multiple lanes for swimming laps and goes from 3 feet to 8 feet deep. It isn't very cold, so in the winter (when we were there) it was very refreshing. There is also a lifeguard on staff, which many hotels don't have. There is a dry sauna, but no hot tub. The fitness room has a number of cardio machines, weight equipment, mats, and stability balls, along with TVs. The hotel has free continental breakfast on weekday mornings, a restaurant on the first floor (although it was being renovated during my stay), and a free shuttle bus that takes you all the way up Michigan Ave to downtown (by the John Hancock Tower, etc.). We didn't use the shuttle because location of the hotel is fantastic. There are lots of bars in the area, a few restaurants, but when we wanted to go to any of the touristy stuff (Millenium Park, Art Institute, Chinatown) we would just walk. We even walked from the hotel all the way downtown and then to Navy Pier! It was a pretty long walk, but that's city life for you! And if walking isn't your thing, there are a number of subway and Metra light rail stops nearby. It took us 5 minutes to walk to a Metra light rail stop to go south to the Museum of Science and Industry. So easy! My boyfriend and I definitely want to go back to Chicago again, and I expect we'll stay at the Essex Inn upon our return!
