I honestly cannot figure why this place wouldn't get a consistent 5 stars! ITS AMAZING! This is the second time I've been. This past Friday night, since it was my birthday, my friends said we could go anywhere and I chose Purple Pig. We got there a little later so we were told it was a 3 hour wait (which we only waited about an hour and half). By the time we sat down, they were all a little peevish because they were so hungry but by the end of the meal everyone unanimously agreed that the food was SO worth the wait!!!!! We rolled ours eyes and "mmmmmed" and "aahhhhhed" through the whole meal. We shared everything. I can't remember everything we got, but I've found that the best way to order is to ask your waiter what they recommend. I've never been steered wrong! We started with a few appetizers and then we had 3 main courses, the turkey leg, the chicken kabobs and the lamb. We didn't even talk we were so in love with what was in our mouths. Then came dessert........ They way they sit you inside the restaurant is at long community tables so you're sitting next to someone. We were sitting next to this couple and by the end of the meal she told us that they were ordering based on our reactions to the food. When we got to the dessert she said that it reminded her of that scene in When Harry Met Sally -- "I'll have what she's having....."  Oh My Word!!!! We got the lemon panne cota as I love love love panne cota -- amazing! We also had the nutella, banana and marshmallow sandwich (weird sounding but good - but not our favorite from our trio of sweets). AND THEN! I had been sitting looking at a menu above my head the whole meal and when I read the description, I had had had to get it..... it was called the Sicilian Iris. AAAAHHHHHHHH! We were literally fighting over the last bites. Its this beignet type thing stuffed with ricotta cheese and chocolate chips. I can't even explain the taste. YOU HAVE TO GO - YOU HAVE TO TRY WHAT THE WAITER RECOMMENDS - YOU HAVE HAVE HAVE TO HAVE THE SICILIAN IRIS! PURPLE PIG - I am SO proud that you're in Chicago!!!!!!!!
