I feel as unqualified to write a review on Alinea as I did dining there. I am no chef, critic, or connoisseur and can only make the ranks of being a "foodie" in the most amateur sense of the word. My roadtrip to Chicago was just me tagging along with a friend and this privilege extended to a Dining Experience at this Formal Jacket Required establishment. And, yes, oh yes, was it an experience. From the get go, Alinea stands out in my memory because of its exceptionally unexceptional outward appearance. A slate colored, nearly-residential front with no name and dimly lit windows you cannot peer through. Going through the front door places you in a red-glowing, seemingly dead-end hallway. A timid venture inside surprises you with an automatic stainless steel door that zips aside for you to enter this new world. Everything here - the decor, place setting, service, taste, presentation - is immaculately precise and a fabrication worthy of reverie. FOOD // It's just beautiful. The menu is set, though I do believe there are 2 different options varying in number of courses. Passage of time and culinary ineptitude prevent me from reviewing the food itself. On a tastebud level, it was an enjoyable meal. There were a couple courses I did not care for and left unfinished, despite each course only being one or two bites (or slurp in the case of the tapioca pudding tube). The array of tastes and textures is vast and it doesn't stop there; courses intermingle with scent from a mysterious misty vase or an air pillow that releases aroma as the weight of your plate slowly deflates it. What entranced me the most was the architecture of each course. It is never simply food on a plate. Perfect cube of steak with micropackets of seasoning, strip of mapled bacon hanging from a wire, fragments suspended on pinheads, a landscape of roe. The dessert was an action painting of cream, gele, freeze-dried ganache, nuts, and syrup akin to Pollock with the duo team of chef-artists explaining along the way. Just amazing. I think Alinea should've made that the showstopping finale, but there were two additional, less exemplary sweet dishes. More bang for your buck? SERVICE // The level of service is equal to the size of the hole in your wallet dining here leaves. Table and chair pulled out for you every time, appropriate utensils switched and placed in specific orientation for every course, waiters that not only notice your actions but read your emotions. There was one snootier waiter who seemed disappointed in me (not the restaurant) when I did not finish a course. Another reviewer stated that the waiters will mirror your own attitude, but I was intimidated and overwhelmed more than anything else. I don't front, baby! Everyone else was great though. Special mention for the sommelier. I only drink to get drunk and my date does not imbibe at all, but I'm so glad our hosts did opt for the wine pairing. There were about 6 or 7 wines and each one came with an anecdote of origin and character the whole table could share. I wish every one of my meals could be served with a story. And the sommelier was a red-head with a certified afro. Love it. An experience I will remember forever, I recommend it for anyone in town who can afford it. Celebrate there after you make it on Wall Street or get your sugardaddies/mamas lined up. You're gonna need 'em.
