Came here as out-of-towers an on the recommendation of a friend. We asked her for: simple, unique, cheap and not full of drunk college kids. She and Irazu both delivered. We were initially hesitant to ride back up from an earlier trip starting the in Loop, but in hindsight it was the best move we made all week. Irazu is a tiny place. It looks like it could have been a coffee stand at one point except someone figured out they could cover and heat a giant patio out front. It works perfectly but be warned there was a 45 min. wait when we went and, as I'm told, there often is. Once we got there, Irazu's uber-sweet hostess (wanted to be her BFF she was so nice) sent us down a block to the Green Eye, a good little bar. We left our name, traveled down there, noshed some chips and had a brew, then headed back. We were seated quickly and, despite it being cold and windy, their flame heaters did a fine job of making the enclosed "patio" warm. It took us a bit to decide on food, though I knew there was an oatmeal shake in our future no matter what. Honestly, I doubt you could go wrong with anything on the menu. Hell, I'd come back just to try everything on the list. The night we went, my husband opted for a $15 combo that included a sandwich, appetizer and the infamous oatmeal shake. I ordered two tacos. Chips came gratis and we over-indulged in a basket and a half. Our appetizer, Chifrijo, came out first. It was a nice-sized, sharable bowl of hot rice with black beans, diced veggies (think salsa w/o the sauce base), fresh avocado and fried pork pieces layered on top. It also had what I take to be Irazu's special sauce swirled on top. Let it be known I could have eaten JUST this with the chips. God, it was good. Fresh and delicious. The oatmeal shake came out next. This was the only "wahh?" part of the meal. The shake rocked but next time I'd ask for it to come last. We wanted to savor it more as a dessert than a drink. It was fantastic though and much like a giant blended rice pudding. No lumps, no whipped cream...nothing weird. Just a bit of allspice and cinnamon swirled in. Entrees: The hubs said a steak sandwich, per his meal deal, was great. I had a bite and while it was a little "safe" for me, it was indeed good. I opted for two chicken Taco Ticos. They came rolled (not folded), fried and topped with fresh, shredded cabbage, mayo, a little ketchup and that awesome sauce. Again, maybe it was because we were on vacation, but I've never actually had good cabbage nor have I ever enjoyed mayo-until now. The toppings were a great salty-sweet addition to the tacos though. It worked. Like many here have said, we had leftovers. Lots of leftovers. So, not only is Irazu a place to get fresh food on the cheap, but if you nab an appetizer, chances are you can make a second meal out of it. Sadly, we didn't have a fridge in our hotel room. Since we've gotten back, I've asked to make a four-hour drive to Chicago twice (jokingly, obviously) just to have lunch at Irazu. If it was two hours, we probably would have actually done it, that's how much we liked this place. I've also sent recommendations to two other people in the past month. Give it a shot. Wait the wait (at the bar down the street). Try the food.
