I was pretty excited for friday night. A group of 10 friends from work were going out for a Co worker's birthday. Despite all the hoopla around Carnivale I hadn't ever been there and was very excited. Unfortunately I was disappointed from the beginning- I was there to check in early- When i told the hostess we were all here she gave me a buzzer and said it would be a few minutes...it was about 10...at the time I was a little miffed our table wasn't ready but decided not to sweat it. We were all in a festive mood...the room is loud but really very cool. I was a little disappointed to be seated by the kitchen when we had made our reservation well in advance but we weren't too crowded so again i decided not to sweat it. Now to the part when i start sweating....Our server...comes over all jolly with his big ol' rehearsed schpeal- we try to order drinks and are told "i need to get someone else to help me take this order or i'll get fired" Really? Hmmmmm..... Drinks come, they take a while but are absolutely delicious...we dont see our server for a while... We order apps-- he isnt too much into listening...more in to upselling.. apps come out super quickly and we take to eating.... Then we dont see our server for about 20 min....oh he's walking by us...he just wont stop to talk to us...I started to get the distintive impression that since we were going to be an automatic gratuity we werent high on his list of priorities. We finally flag him down and order....then we wait....and wait.... and wait for our food....no "sorries", no "i'll check on the kitchen", nothing from our waiter because we didnt see him....We had an empty table with no drinks and no server. BOO! I finally get up to go to the bathroom and on the way talk to a floor manager...even with that push i was able to go downstairs, go to the bathroom, and look around for a few min before our server got to us....and we didnt really see him much the rest of the night. another floor manager came and comped our guac and gave my friend a b-day dessert but it proved to be too little too late and the the whole group lost our spunk.  Net: Drinks: 5 stars (cava rita...i love you) Food: 4 Stars (really good but not amazing or innovative) Atmosphere: 4 stars (fun place!) Floor Management: 2 stars (ummm no sense of urgency...hello! ) Our Server: -2 Stars (never even apologized) I would say go with a smaller group and hope for the best, because with the right server the floor management wouldnt be a big deal and everything else is well worth the trip!
