I've eaten at Irazu twice now, once outside on the patio and once for take out. My man took me on a date to Irazu at the end of the summer when we could still sit outside. The patio was packed and we waited for a table for about 15 minutes and then once we were seated, waited another 15 for a server to speak to us. Normally I would have had a hissy fit and demanded free food but the atmosphere at this place was chill and instead I enjoyed the weather and our bottle of BYOB two buck chuck. Also, when the server finally greeted us, I could tell he felt really bad and actually really cared about our service so I let it slide. We ordered a bean/pork dip (or something like that) with chips for an appetizer. I usually don't like pork but let me tell you, this was phenomenal. I had to stop myself from ruining my appetite for my main meal. Next I ordered the garlic shrimp with vegetables. The shrimp, although small, were very tasty, the veggies were great, and the beans, rice and plantain sides were a perfect combination to complete the dish. Lots of food for not a lot of money. So other than the really slow service, this place was great and a must-visit if you are in Chicago and want some authentic Costa Rican food and flare. My second visit was for take out. I ordered a salad with cabbage, beets, avocado, some other veggies, and chicken and my bf ordered a steak burrito. Again, the wait was ridiculous and we waited in the tiny waiting space for almost a half hour. I left the restaurant really annoyed with the place but once I ate my salad, I forgave Irazu. The salad was HUGE and was plenty for dinner and lunch the next day. It was really really tasty too, the beets were a must. I also tried the steak burrito and although it was also really good, it didn't beat the steak burrito at La Pasadita down the street. So all in all, I give this place 3 1/2 stars but rounded up because of the great atmosphere, nice people, low prices, BYOB option, and really tasty food. I took away a star for the long wait, period. Best bet is to order ahead for pick up and if you eat in, bring lots of wine to get you through the wait.
