Rule #1: Do not come in a large group here. Rule #2: Reservations don't mean anything if you are more than 5 minutes late. Rule #3: If you're being neglected, go to Chilapan instead - 5 minute walk, a lot better food. ------------------------------ When I went with one other on a weeknight, this place was smooth sailing, food is alright. When I came with a group of 10 on a Friday, even with a reservation, it was an absolute shitshow. While it may be a fluke event, its still something we can all learn from. We missed our reservation by 7 minutes (as in, the final three people in the party arrived at 8:37). The hostess gave up our table and told us to wait a short while. Twenty minutes. Thirty minutes. Other parties getting seated. Forty minutes. Other parties who are just as large as ours. An hour. It was an hour and fifteen minutes; our reservation didn't matter. I'm sorry to be so blunt, Ms. Hostess, but you really messed this one up. I'm not sure exactly what happened on your end, but for me, it was basically being lied to when you: took my reservation, later promised me a table in 20 minutes, and later told me that my table is just about to be cleared. We were getting up to leave for Chilapan when the owner decided do something about it. The rest of the night was like tumbling down a mountain. Two free appetizers? Thanks, that's a $15 savings (i.e. $1.50 a person) You're sold out of the entree that 4 of us ordered? (Wouldn't have happened if we were seated on time.) You gave us your best server and then took off the gratuity? (Not a cost saving - he was great and it wasn't his fault, so we tipped him just the same.) How would I handle this? -Fire the hostess or otherwise assess her job skills -Don't take reservations for more than 5 people -Notice how long people have been waiting -If this happens, offer more than 2 free appetizers - you lost only $15 in revenue upfront, but you also lost 10 potential repeat customers, not to mention the people who we convince to go elsewhere.
