Now this is a story all about how my life got flipped, turned upside down. And I'd like to take a minute so just sit right there. I'll tell you how it came to be with this Crisp-y love affair... Okay okay, bad Crisp pun. But really now, folks. Crisp is for real. After the many reviews that I've read and the number of times that I failed to get there by their 9PM closing hour, I finally found myself standing in line to order some of the most delicious finger food ever. EVER. Now I've had my fair share of chicken, wings in particular. Crisp takes poultry to a whole new level. Something about the crunchiness, or "crisp"iness if you will, of the wings makes them so divine...and they aren't, like, breaded or anything. Weird. But that's not all! Crisp offers three sauces. On this visit, which was also my first, my girlfriend and I tried the Seoul Sassy and Crisp BBQ. Out of all the chicken that I've eaten, the Seoul Sassy somehow manages to leap over almost all of the competition. It's a simple, but perfectly executed, sauce that consists of ginger, soy sauce, garlic, and other seasonings and is topped with scallions. Maybe it's the familiar flavors [I'm a Chinaman], but it definitely hits all the right spots, and then some. The Crisp BBQ was, how do I say this, unexpectedly hot. It wasn't over-the-top ghost chili pepper hot. But it did have an interesting smokey taste to it. Yeah, smokey. We also ordered the Baby Buddha Bowl with beef. The reviews are a little much on these bad boys. It's a real simple dish with rice, veggies, and your selection of meat. It's really hard to mess this one up... Now about halfway through the meal I began to think about how this review would turn out. I liked the wings, but the Buddha Bowl was just okay. Do I give em a four? Are they worthy of the five star status? The deciding factors were the chicken and............. SERVICE!! The guys here rock. They were very welcoming and offered personal opinions and fan favorites. The Crispy Men answered questions about ingredients and even made small talk to pass the time. Stellar service and delicious food. I'll definitely Check-in again. Until next time.
