Sprout is the epitome of modern cuisine done right. Walking in I was struck by the chic decor and the beautiful exposed stone walls. The menu is cool as well; one side features their tasting menu (amuse bouche, eight courses and mignardises for $85) and the other side consists of the a la carte options. Each item lists the focal ingredient in capitals with a few other key ingredients in lower case underneath. Glancing at menu really piques your interest as there are some unusual options (i.e. among the appetizers there is a dish titled LICORICE and another titled SEAWEED; an entree is titled NEW YORK and desserts include RHUBARB and ZUCCHINI among others). The combinations of ingredients sound bizarre, but blend amazingly well together; your taste buds receive a P90X like work out! Chef Levitski (Top Chef Season 3 runner up) is so creative and such a genius at concocting these whimsical, unique dishes. I strongly recommend opting for the tasting menu. At $85 it is a great value. The food at Sprout is so outstanding and creative that it would be a shame not to sample a wide variety of the offerings. The tasting menu is only about $30 more than ordering three items a la carte, so you receive nearly triple the food for less than double the price. In addition to fun flavor combinations, each dish looks beautiful, the ingredients are ultra fresh and high end and everything tastes outstanding. I literally scraped every morsel off my plate the food was that good. There was not a single mediocre dish in the entire tasting menu; each course was a star. Service is on point at Sprout as well. The servers are attentive, do a nice job explaining each course (without becoming too verbose) and show some personality. The pace of the meal is leisurely (we were there for over three hours), but the experience is so nice that the slow pace is welcomed. There is a nice playlist in the background; loud enough to add to the ambiance but not so loud as to interfere with conversation. The restaurant can become a bit loud though when full and tables are somewhat close together. Sprout has a nice wine list and several great cocktails to choose from. Like the food menu, the cocktails are listed with the featured ingredient in capitals and accompanying ingredients underneath. I ordered the WHISKEY with spices and egg white; this was outstanding. The egg white sweetened the whiskey and the spices made for a pleasant and sweet aftertaste. After cocktails our table shared a bottle of a Malbec called Durigutti that is one of the best inexpensive wines I have had ($40 per bottle at Sprout). The coffee with dessert was good as well, but it would be nice if it was served in a French Press to match the elegance of the cuisine. The tasting menu was the perfect amount of food; while the portions are a bit small they are large enough that they add up to a good amount of food; we left full but not uncomfortable. I had been highly anticipating my dinner at Sprout since seeing them featured on Check Please; it really looked like it would be up my alley and ended up exceeding my expectations. There are so many top notch restaurants in Chicago (I have been doing my best to hit as many as I can to do my part in stimulating the economy), but Sprout will be one of the few that I will try to make it to every few months. It is that good. Sprout is the perfect place for a romantic date night, for celebrating a special occasion, or just for an amazing dinner. Michelin really dropped the ball when they did not star Sprout when the 2012 guide was released and I will be shocked if they do not rectify this gaffe next year.
