This place is amazing--for BRUNCH. I've come once for lunch and the options aren't as good as the brunch items, so come on Saturday or Sunday instead (and come early, because they close at 2pm on weekends). But be prepared to leave in a complete food coma and be rendered useless the rest of the day. Seriously, the portions are so big and so good that you just HAVE to finish all of it, but you'll be so stuffed that all you can do is go home and sleep the rest of the day. Every time we come here we have every intention of fighting the inevitable food coma and try to make big plans for the day, but who are we kidding? We always go home and pass out. So on to the food--the eggs benedict with spinach, roasted red peppers, feta, and poached eggs on two toasted English muffins, all smothered with a delicious hollandaise sauce. It's TO DIE FOR. It's sooooo good. And it comes with a huge side of "hash browns," which are really like roasted red potatoes, but they are perfectly seasoned and crisp on the outside. Yummm. It's hands-down the BEST brunch food I have ever had, and definitely the best out of all the brunch places I've been to in Chicago. Another favorite is the breakfast burrito (also with a side of potatoes), which comes with this amazing seasoned sour cream and salsa. I don't really know what's in it but it's so freakin' good. Don't forget to order one piece of the white chocolate-caramel pretzel pancake (you'll be too stuffed to finish an entire order, and it's more of a dessert-type dish so you probably wouldn't want it as your main entree). It's seriously heavenly. One bite and you can't help but smile. I don't even like pretzels but they're really just there for a bit of crunch. It's ooey gooey melt-in-your-mouth yumminess.  I've also tried the chocolate tower french toast, which some people love, but it had too many bananas in it for my liking. The strawberry-banana pancakes are basically just that--normal pancakes with fresh banana and strawberry on top--so nothing special...but the strawberry whipped cream on top is really good. Also, the omelettes are pretty standard--you have your choice of toppings but you can get that anywhere. Stick to the specialty brunch items instead. The waitstaff are hit-or-miss...the same people are always there, but it just depends who you get. No one is rude or anything, but some people are more attentive than others. But with food this good, it's a minor point that I'm willing to overlook. There's always a wait, even near closing time, but I've never had to wait more than 30 minutes for a table. And believe me, it's worth it.
