The boyfriend and I were given a couple hundred dollars worth of Lettuce Entertain You Gift cards and didn't feel like going anywhere fancy, so we decided to try this place seeing as it was a couple blocks from our apartment. We went on a Sunday night (bad idea) and the place was jam-packed with entitled suburban yuppy types. A woman in a fur coat wanted to get through and because we were packed like sardines in the (tiny) waiting area started yelling at me to move. I told her that I was trying to- and she gave me a sarcastic 'oh, really?' Ugh. I wish I'd had a glass of red wine in hand to pour on her ratty dead-animal coat. The hostess told us it'd be an hour wait, which was fine, since the football game was on television at the bar. We waited maybe twenty-five minutes and were seated in a (small) booth near the back. Our waitress was nice enough (and pretty cute) but the service was slow (they were busy, so I understand). Boyfriend ordered nachos as an appetizer for himself (I can't eat dairy) and a barbecue bacon cheddar burger. I got a veggie burger (no cheese) with the salad bar. The nachos, according to the boyfriend, were good, and he enjoyed his burger (he's pretty picky about his burgers, so this is a good sign). My veggie burger had good flavor, but was crumbly and dry. I also wasn't fond of the potato chips that came with it- they were cold and somewhat soggy. The (2-tablespoon) side of coleslaw was more like a sample, but flavorless, anyway. The salad bar was nice enough, but being used to Whole Foods salad bar, definitely left something to be desired. A lot of the stuff on it was very basic and there were no crunchy things (like croutons, sunflower seeds, nuts, et cetera) so I felt like I was missing a key element in my salad. The French dressing also tasted watered down. I would not pay $11 for this salad bar- I felt lousy paying $6 for the salad bar as my 'side'. My drinks were refilled pretty promptly and the server was nice enough, but it wasn't the greatest dining experience. The tab came to around $50 with drinks, which isn't so bad, I suppose. I wouldn't return, it just wasn't exceptional enough to brave the obnoxious clientele, cramped space, and wait time.
