We've lived in Logan Square for years and were very excited when hearing about Revolution opening up. You could exhaust the options for going out in this neighborhood on one hand (El Cid, Dunlay's, Lula Cafe, Hachi's Kitchen) until recently. Now there are many options (Rocking Horse, Logan Bar & Grill, Brand BBQ Market and thankfully Revolution). We tried going to Revolution a few times on the weekends but it was always just too damn crowded and the wait was too long. An hour and a half? My fiance and I had the day off on Monday so we figured we'd give it a try for lunch. They had a decent crowd but no wait. A few patrons sitting at the bar and about a third of the tables filled up. The decor is very minimalistic and modern. The four giant fists holding up the bar in the middle of the room are pretty fucking cool and match their tap handles. We started with the chicken wings which were ok. They were really crispy and a few were charred/over-cooked. But the blue cheese potato salad that came on the side was fucking amazing. I wanted to lick the plate clean. I had the Workingman burger (bacon & cheddar) and she had the pulled pork sandwich. Both sandwiches were massive. The burger was cooked perfectly and was super juicy. The pulled pork was succulent with just the right amount of tangy sauce slathered on it and the crunch of the cole slaw was a great contrast. She got a huge portion of crispy french fries on the side and i got a big pile of creamy garlic mashed potatoes which were awesome. Thankfully the beer was just as good as the food, considering they are a brew pub. I had the "Eugene", which was a delicious, malty, chocolate porter. She had the "Bottom Up Belgian Wit" which she seemed to love. They also let us sample about 3 ounces of the "Coup D'Etat" which was a great representation of a Saison. Also had the "Iron Fist Pale Ale", it was good but not hoppy enough for me. The service was great too! Very friendly, super-attentive staff that are willing to give honest suggestions. We can't wait to go back and try the rest of the beer/food. Highly recommended going for lunch during the week.
