Ok, so I read a lot of reviews on yelp and another site before writing my review. I agree with everyone that said the beds are wonderful, they truly are. On our king size bed we had at least 5 pillows and there was one in the closet. I love having plenty of pillows! ELEVATORS The elevators are small, very small. Not a negative, since they move quickly. I was very cramped when I was in there with 2 guys , a mom, her mom, and her kid. Yikes, I was afraid the cables wouldn't hold.  CHECK IN/OUT The lobby is small, but the staff was very pleasant and welcoming! I was pleased that we were able to check in early and check out late. We checked in at noon and out at 1:00, huge plus! They also kept our bags until we caught the train home later that day at 6.  STAFF Everyone that we had contact with was sweet and polite. The consierge (sp???) was great! Super helpful. RESTAURANT ON LOCATION Unless you got the Groupon that we did skip Mei Fornetto, it's not worth it for breakfast. Pretty expensive. We didn't eat there for any other meal. The food we had was really good, though. ROOM Our room had a horrible view, but whatever, I could really care less. I prefer to walk in it instead of just looking at it! We had no issue with the shower at all. We had no issue with hearing anyone around us. The room was a little on the dark side. The TV is in an odd location for watching TV in bed...until my husband figured out you can slide the doors in and pull the TV out. Again, the beds totally rock. Everything was clean. I'm pretty leary about taking a bath in a hotel, but I did-several times and didn't worry about it at all. I didn't like how we didn't have a coffee maker in the room. I get up earlier than my husband and the first thing I like to do is have some coffee in my jammies. I couldn't, unless I wanted to brave the lobby that way. It also really pissed me off when they took the coffee away before 11 AM!!! It's supposed to be out until then, but was taken away by 10:40 one of the mornings, grrr. Don't mess with my coffee. The coffee situation is the only reason they didn't get 5 stars from me. The internet was included with our Groupon. Had I paid for it I wouldn't have been to pleased, it was pretty sketchy. SUGGESTIONS We ate at Nuevo Leon in Little Village (we are in the Detroit area, and here it's called Mexicantown). The food was great! Cash only and out of the way, but we were kid free for a few days and it was not a big deal. We took the 151 to State/Lake and then got on the pink line to 18th, walked a few blocks and were there. Get a Metra pass for the time you are there, it's so much easier and the locals are very helpful for which bus you need. We got ours at Union Station when our Amtrak came in, it was $14pp for 3 days-totally worth it!
