Back in July I picked up my boyfriend one night from work (he works nearby in the neighborhood) and he told me the guys at his work rave about this place so we thought we would give it a shot......BIG MISTAKE....We get there at about 11pm and we were the ONLY ones in the place. We place our orders (2 steak tacos for me) (steak burrito for him). After we placed our order we took a seat while our food was being made and in walks about 7 wannabe gangsta cholos, probably 18 or 19 years old. basically they were flirting with the 2 girls behind the register (also probably 18 or 19) every other word out of there loud mouths were f bombs and it was starting to get really annoying...Besides that, i look at the time and start getting a little impatient with the food taking so long seeing it as it was 11:20 and was starting to wonder how long it could possibly take to make 3things?      Anywhoooo, i see one of the cooks give the girl in the front a paper bag with food which i thought she was going to give us but instead she hands off to one of the little thugs she was flirting with and out they go with the food. (They never placed an order or payed for anything)    By this time im already pissed off. I look at the time and its now 11:30. I go up to the girl and ask her what could be possibly taking so long, she looks at the other girl says something in spanish and then looks at me and says, oops i accidently gave them your order. I wanted to smack this chick in the face. She then yells to one of the cooks sumthing in spanish again and then tells me, " he"ll make you new ones". I simply tell her i dont want the food anymore and would like my money back now. She tried convincing to wait five more minutes and that it would be ready fast. PSSSSSSSHHHH, 35 minutes in that dump waiting for food was enough for my boyfriend and me. I look at her and say just give me my money please. She hands me the money and even has the nerve to start speaking outloud in spanish and start laughing.  All I have to say is we will NEVER be back and this place dosent even deserve the 1 star rating.
