It was my 3rd date with this guy, and we are both into food, especially pork so we really wanted to try this place. The wait was surprisingly not that bad. We were able to order wine while we waited, and so many people were scared off by the hostess's "hour wait", that it ended up being about 30 minutes. We had never been inside the restaurant, so we were kind of shocked when they sat us at a large communal table with several other couples. This would have been fine, but the table was so wide that since we were sitting across from each other in the middle of the table, we couldn't hear each other talk! This maybe is ok for friends, or even a couple who had been together for years, but it totally ruined our early-on date. Most of our date was spent either yelling something and saying "what?" back, or overhearing all of our neighbors' inane conversations. The food was good, I highly recommend the pig ears - but really how can you go wrong with fried pork bits. It was so crowded that our order got mixed up with the people next to us so we were accidentally given their pate (which we ended up loving, so thank you random couple). The server was apologetic and kept it off our bill, which was great. Wine list was a bit overwhelming (and the server had no clue about wine to offer suggestions), but if you pick a region and stick with it, you'll find some good gems in there. I do agree with the other reviewers that the timing of the plates coming out is off - sometimes too rushed, sometimes a huge wait - and they really try to rush you out of there, but we were so anxious not being able to talk that we were alright with them hurrying us through our awkward date. All in all, I would say if you're going to try this place with one other person, ask to sit on the end of the table so you can have a conversation... or just try somewhere with a better atmosphere. Food was good, but nothing that really floored me. Very similar style menu to Girl and the Goat, which I wasn't really a fan of either. I'm glad I tried this place, but doubt I'd go again.
