Swung by last night with the gf as I was in the mood for some steak. We had the groupon as well, and I was looking forward to trying this place out for the first time. We were quoted about a 20 minute wait just before 8pm on Thursday, which to me is acceptable and we sat down at the bar. About 5 minutes later we were acknowledged and asked what we wanted. Well a peak through the drink menu first would help, so we asked for that. The menu showed Thursday's special - $5 mojito's (full price $8). I had one of those. The gf had a glass of sangria for $6.  After 15 minutes or so we were told our table was ready. I wanted to pay off the tab at the bar first, which is were the night got a bit awkward. The tab had the mojito at $8. I mentioned the menu said $5 and figured it was a slight oversight and they'd correct it. At this time, one of the employees grabbed the drink menu and switched it. Hmm interesting - look, in the new menu there's no more special! Ha. There was quite some confusion with not just us but another couple as to what happened. The employees initially said now we had to pay the full price of $8. Well, the reason I got the mojito was bc it was on special. For $8 I'd rather get a Caipirinha! A few minutes passed and our bartender said he'd take care of it. He seemed nice and it just looked like he would of happily changed it had it not been for another employee. We sat down at our table and ordered the combination and the skirt steak. The food was really good, extremely flavorful and really tender. The plantain was amazing too. 4 stars for the food. The waiter/bartender took care of the situation when the bill was presented and actually only charged us $10 for the drinks at the bar ($1 less than I would have paid). So that was nice to see.  I deduct one star just for the weirdness and initial reaction to the mixup. I just don't think you can switch menus with different prices. That's all.  I have a feeling they may get overwhelmed with Groupon, but it is a good deal - I'd just wait a few weeks while the initial Groupon rush is over and they get their kinks worked out.
