Went here with a group of 9 people the other day. Overall, a nice experience. The goods: 1) Free shuttle service!! Picked us up at our friend's apartment, and dropped us back off again after our meal. When we called for the shuttle, we said we had 8:30 reservations and the shuttle was outside at 8:15, waiting for us. Didn't have to wait! Also didn't have to wait longer than 5 minutes for the return trip. 2) The food. Lots of variety for all walks of life at the harvest tables (5 tables of gourmet salads, house-made truffle butter, house-made focaccia, cheeses, meats, sides, and appetizers ranging from a bean salad with duck compote, to a veggie pad thai, to penne puttanesca, to sauteed wild mushrooms, etc.). The actual meats that come by are very good as well, although the red meats are pretty rare-medium rare. So I mostly stuck to the salmon, chicken, duck, and venison. With some end pieces of sirloin thrown in since those are the most cooked parts. Bread pudding for dessert was great, the triple chocolate mousse was just ok... wouldn't spend $10 on that again. 3) The ambiance. Very low light inside, which made for an intimate experience. You hardly notice the tables of 10+ people to your left and right. The inbetween: 1) Service. Got a wide range here. The host was ok enough... we had to wait around for almost 45 minutes at the bar for our table, even though we had a reservation and the place didn't seem that busy. There wasn't a line of people waiting or anything. Not sure what the hold up was. Our waitress was also extremely nice, but very slow. She would leave us hanging when we had questions (they ran out of the mushrooms :( the kitchen actually ran out!) or needed fresh plates. It also took quite some time for our bill even after clearing dinner plates and after eating our desserts. But the other random servers running around (not waiters or waitresses, but more like support staff) were excellent. Constantly refiling your drinks and bringing new napkins, etc. Never said a word to us since they are probably meant to be like background music, but still, extremely attentive nonetheless and made up for our near absent waitress. The annoying: 1) The bathroom. Unisex and oddly placed. The speaker is literally right over your head while washing your hands and Rihanna was blasted into my ears. I don't know why they need to make the music so loud? Overall, great place for carnivores and I would return. Good for a relaxing, long meal if you have no place to be (since you can easily spend 2-3 hours eating dinner here!). For 9 people with a few drinks and 2 desserts, the bill ran around $500 something.
