Dana is like a stereotypical fashion model: wonderful to look at but sorta empty on the inside and a strange mix of narcissistic and insecure. Let's do the math: Upon arrival I was greeted by the always friendly door men at the entrance (+1), and then waited and rode one floor up in an elevator to the lobby (-1) where I was summarily ignored by the two people sitting at reception. After attempting to use the strange computer kiosk check-in I finally flagged down someone to help get me my key (-1). This person was openly rude and disparaging to me for no particular reason, spending five minutes lecturing me on how not to book a room through Expedia - note that I was not the person who booked the room. This became an even larger problem when, despite taking both my ID, credit card and a signed form - they booked me into Colleen's room (-1). I'll let her explain the appalling shit storm that ensued after this mistake but needless to say, they need to hire hospitality staff and problem solvers, not petty people who hate their jobs.  The room itself was tiny and dark, the only natural sunlight came from a door to a small balcony (-1). I'm a sucker for balconies (+1). While that shower head could bring world peace with the perfect rain of water that flows out of it (+1), the shower itself was cramped and the complimentary toiletries seemed cheap (-1). But they did provide plenty of towels, cotton swabs, q-tips and a strong hair dryer so I just used the products I packed and went on my merry way (+1). The bed was comfortable (+1) and room service came fast and fresh (+1). Stay away from the in room snacks, despite looking tasty and locally sourced, they are old and stale. All of them. But the mini bar prices are super reasonable so I know you'll be tempted. Overall, it was decent. There were a lot of flaws but it was a comfortable place to stay and certainly not grimy or crappy in any way. Just a lot of smaller details and customer service issues that they could improve on. Let's hope they do!
