I've been frequenting Longman & Eagle for quite some time now, and the food has always been consistently fantastic. However, I've noticed quite a decline in the service over my past three visits, and I hope the trend does not continue. A few friends and I went there last night for dinner. At first, things seemed okay, we all had ordered drinks, and two out of three arrived within moments of ordering. There was a delay in one drink, but it was an unusual cocktail and our server explained that there was a backup at the bar, which is understandable, but the 15-20 minute wait for the drink to come out after our server had apologized is not. After my friend received her drink, more problems began. We placed our starter and entree orders.Our first appetizer, the mallard pate, came out at a timely manner after the amuse. The second appetizer, the duck rillettes, did not come out at all, however. Our food runner, 20+ minutes later then brought out two correct entrees, and a pork cheek small plate which was actually supposed to be a pork shank entree. She apologized for the lack of rillettes and for the pork cheek. I in no way was being difficult about the slow timing, or the missing and miscommunicated orders, but our server came back to the table with a clearly unhappy expression, and almost angry tone of voice saying "You wanted the shank? Because you ordered the pork cheek. Just checking". In the event that it was my fault, and it wasn't a miscommunication, which I assumed it was, (and immediately forgave it, assuming it was just a miscommunication) because it could be hard to hear the difference between cheek and shank, you do not correct a client, especially in the manner that she did, especially to one that's not even giving a hard time about the mishap. The FOH manager came to our table and apologized for the misunderstanding, and comp'd the duck rillettes, which was nice. The evening also seemed to improve after we had finished our entrees. Dessert came out on time, and our server had returned to the attentive, helpful server attitude she had when she began to serve our table. All in all, Longman & Eagle is still a great place to go, and I still will recommend this place to friends, but I sincerely hope that the service improves back to the level that it once was.
