If I were to use one word to describe Revolution, it would be kinky. As in the food options they offered were kinky and interesting. And they have some kinks to work out with service and quality. Let me explain. First, the owners of Handlebar decided to open a brew pub, but went more upscale then its sister restaurant. The overall decor of the place is gorgeous. Artistic and well thought out, the flow of the place is great and there is a big, welcoming bar in the middle of the room. It connotes a higher end brew pub feeling, without being pretentious or under serving of the locals. However, while their constructivism logo is good(fist pump!), the color and the font don't fit in with the place. This is a small detail, but made bigger by the fact that they provide the menu with the typeface spilled directly across the top, on these over-sized, laminated paper that belong more at a chain like Fudruckers then a classy brew pub. Kinky. Second, the beer is good, not great as many people have noted in their reviews, but still unconventionally interesting. I sampled almost all of them and thought the Wit and the Iron fist was good, but nothing to write home about. Conversely though, the Willie was incredibly delish and aromatic. It also went well with the beingets for desert, since it had a nice smoky flavor. Who knew a beer could be smoky? And, their cocktails were good. The Manhattan with whiskey cherries and liquor was great. Third, food was good as well, and also had some striking options: Bacon Fat popcorn? Sounds awesome. But we stuck with the PEI mussels with white ale and shallots which was probably the best dish I had there. Next time, going for the mussels with hard cider and blue cheese. The roasted beet and feta salad was large and a fair price at $9, and easily enough to share, but I felt like the romaine lettuce, since it isn't in season, was too light. It would have been better placed with spinach, even a little bit, to even out the taste and color combination. Also, too many onions that left you with a sharp taste in your mouth for the rest of the night. The fish and chips were real good! They served it in a basket with chips underneath, and honey jalapeno slaw and roasted red pepper remoulade, which was great for dipping the fries in. Oh, and the newspaper they used for the basket to catch the oil? The Onion of course. Brilliant. And for desert, as I already mentioned were beingets and a mocha nip. I thought that it was only going to be 4, but it ended up at 8 pieces. They were fried a little too much. Not like the light and fluffy beignets I remember from New Orleans, but hard and dense. Kinky again. Finally, service was...eh. We sat at the bar and there were 3 tenders on all night, but there were many times that we had to flag someone down for water, or to order drinks. They weren't very attentive, and they weren't crazy busy either. Kinky. Overall, 3 stars. The place is nice, and the price points are high enough to keep the waning hipsters out and allow this place to become a nice establishment. I hope the hype they have received lately hasn't gone to their head and they will actually make some positive changes that will surely keep their customers coming back. Work out those kinks, and increase the other edgy, kinky qualities, and this place will become a Chicago staple, just like Handlebar.
