I really, really wanted to like this place. I called and placed a delivery order tonight and was told that they were super busy - delivery time was an hour and a half (this was at 7pm). I was fine with that. Finally, at 8:45pm (1 hour and 45 minutes later) my pizza finally arrived. When I open it, it was COLD!!!....not even luke warm. I still gave them the benefit of the doubt because they told me when I order that they were really, really busy so I reheated my pizza. I decided that I should call them, just to let them know that the pizza I received was very cold.When I called the restaurant, the girl who answered the phone was said that she was sorry. After talking with her and telling her that I ended up re-heating the pizza (because she asked if I still had the pizza, really???) , she said that she'd credit me 1/2 of what I'd paid. I wasn't looking for anything, just letting them know that they were delivering cold pizza (I've been in the restaurant business and I know how some nights go!). She then asked if I wanted to speak to a manger, and I said yes (because I got the impression that she really didn't care). She came back less than 15 seconds later and told me that the manager wasn't available but she'd credit me for my full order.I told her that I didn't want a credit and at this point I wanted to talk with a manager. A few seconds later, the manger was on the phone (where was he less that a minute ago???).  He too said that he was sorry but they were really busy (I don't think that's an excuse for cold pizza and bad customer service). He said that he's send out another pizza and I said no thanks because it was already past 9:15pm. A little too late folks!Bottom line......terrible customer service, which is really sad because after I reheated my pizza (over 2 hours from the time I ordered it), it ended up being pretty good. I could only imagine what it'd be like if I had gotten it hot. There are a TON of great pizza places in Chicago and if the employees don't care, then I don't want to order from there! Sorry Calo but you lost my business!
