How do you mark 4.5 stars here? That's what I meant,,,,anyway here is my review:This is one !of the most bizare "non-chain" group of chain restaurants you will find in Chi-Town. Look for 3 small yellow taco stands on Asland near Division, across the street from each other! They serve the most DELICIOUS steak tacos, burrito's, tostadas etc in Chicago (other locdations have opened up with varying names) and found one in DesPlaines! Absolutely LOVE them and wish I had the money to find the owners here and buy myself a chain. But would it stay the same? Good question, and definetly not if I am in charge of cooking anything.The meats (my favorite is the steak, must try) are totally tender, extremely flavorful, juicy, mouth watering (seriously) char-grilled (steak) did I say delicious yet? They also serve fantastic Chili Rellenos (peppers stuffed with cheese, deep fried and in tortillas (with fresh cilantro and onions), Orchata (Sweetened Rice Water), Top-of-the-line guacamole with homemade tortilla chips. I could go on and on, the pico (dry salsa?) is so fresh and flavorful. Great, now I am hungry!What would make me happier? Having them stay open aroundthe clock. They also seem to be a favorite of many of Chicago's finest, you will see them pop in regularly for a quick bite and we know its good if they are regulars. Yes, the competition has an extensive menu and really good carnitas but they just cannot measure up to the consistent quality and unique flavors in everything they do make here. If you can find better please drop me a note because I must try them as soon as possible. If your right, I owe you a meal. Late or early hours a plus!If you do stop by the yellow building that's next to the other yellow building that's accross the street from the other yellow building, please tell them you read it here and Lisa (Blonde hair, blue eyes, driving a Mercedes...... will be stopping by for a least one free taco??? Pico and chips? Maybe my very own Super Fan T-shirt? Enjoy and keep in touch yelpers.Always,LAF
