Schwa, in many ways, is the quintessential Chicago fine dining experience. Fresh, rough around the edges, loud, and, yet, absolute genius. Our experience at Schwa wasn't without its issues but for an overall experience - you really can't beat this place. As everyone mentions, we had our issues with getting a reservation, but it eventually happened and that was that. Now, onto the important stuff. As you walk into a nondescript storefront on Ashland you walk into a singular square room with dim lighting and booming rap (Wu Tang) and a golden hue. Clean, neat table arrangements - I counted 26 chairs total. The furniture is sleek and sturdy - it seems they spent a lot more money on furniture than they did on room decor. Big unavoidable glass window in the back lets you see the chefs as the size up what to prepare next. We were greeted by a hipster-looking guy in skate shoes - I think this is Carlson's brother. He takes care of our wine, is funny, and very laid back. The 'waiter' here is almost singly handling the entire room (about 18 people) and does it without skipping a beat: water and wine always filled, new cutlery brought out for each course, new glasses for each new bottle of wine. He gives you the feeling that he'd rather be doing something other than managing the tables, but he does an excellent job overall and looks like he enjoys himself at work. Other than him there was, of course, Chef Carlson - big bearded, fila shirt wearing, quiet but friendly. Lastly there was a bald guy - tall, muscular, and mean-mugging but also nice enough. In short order after seating and getting our drinks started - the food train begins. Bringing out plates was the elaborate process - all three staff members come out, food is placed very neatly, and a short, succinct description of what we're about to eat comes out. The pace and spacing of the meal is ideal - never so fast as to keep your from enjoying your meal and never so slow that you get bored. The courses: 1. 'cherry covered chocolate' - short and sweet, the warm alcohol burn complements the sweet, rich tastes and gets things started well. 2. octopus, pancetta, microbasil, balsamic vinegar, and macadamia - clean and flavorful. Acidic tastes and fragrant smells. 3. baked potato soup with scallions and bacon - rich and savory - my 3rd favorite course 4. Surprise course - Quail egg ravioli, brown butter, truffle - INCREDIBLE - as good and rich as everyone says. Fat tastes really good. 5. Roe in many forms - passionfruit gelee with roe, some kind of roe-paste, and some fried roe/shrimp thing. - I loved the passionfruit taste with the roe and the contrasting textures but overall this wasn't the most impressive course. 6. Chicken livers, risotto, pomegranate sauce - the raw, gamey, iron-y taste of the chicken liver was off-putting for most of us although the risotto was perfect and went well with the pomegranate. 7. Scallops - outstanding but unfortunately overshadowed by the next. 8. Pork (belly?) - absolutely incredible course!! perfectly cooked and so so savory - beautiful caramel and orange colors - tasted as good as it looked and was the best course of the night. 9. 'Smores" - beef shortrib, graham cracker, something creamy: this was the most creative course of the night. Its presented as a cup on top of a cup. The upper one contains the ingredients while the lower one is filled with 'campfire' smoke. You lift the upper cup and release the smoke from the lower one. This was also an amazing course and the beef was the right combo of savory and sweet. Genius! 10. Cheese course - a small bite - tasted like some ricotta inside some bread. A nice palate cleanser of sorts. 11. Dessert - celery for dessert! I have no idea what the actual forms of celery that comprised this dessert but there was definitely a fried plantain and something that resembled a panna cotta. I loved this dessert with very clean flavors and not overly sweet. We left this place in a daze - having had one of the best meals of our lives. Anyone that lives in this city needs to try to make it to schwa at some point to experience this thing because it may not be there for too long. Honestly, I don't see how these guys make money considering the types of ingredients they use and the high level of effort needed to prepare most of these things. Nonetheless, it's an incredible experience and a must-have for any fine dining enthusiast. Advice: 1) don't use your phone unless absolutely necessary - it brings some unhappy faces 2) bring plenty of stuff to drink because the meal lasts a long time. 3) Also bring something for the guys in the back to enjoy - I brought some beer for the chefs and they appreciated it. 4)Lastly, just enjoy yourself! This place isn't pretentious, stuffy, and is absolutely informal. If you want to know more about something or how its made the guys like to explain it - Carlson himself goes into great detail about how a course is made if you just make the effort to ask!
