I have to tell you about my amazing experience at Grand Lux Cafe yesterday. I have always loved Grand Lux -- they have great food, a huge menu, awesome desserts, and professional service -- but yesterday was truly the type of service that you expect from a 5-star restaurant/hotel. I recently discovered that gluten, dairy, and soy are all migraine triggers for me so I've been on an elimination diet. Avoiding one of these is tough, but all three can be impossible. If you walk into a restaurant and tell them that you are allergic to all of those things, they usually freak and tell you that all they can give you is a plain chicken breast and a side salad. So at Grand Lux I tried to order the Lunch Enchiladas without cheese or sour cream and timidly mention my allergies. Of course, at the mention of the word "allergy", the server immediately called over the manager who I later learned was the head manager of the entire restaurant. He listened carefully to my allergies and told me that most of their dishes would be a bad idea because most of their sauces contained thickening agents with soy or gluten. Instead of freaking out and leaving me with the dreaded tasteless plate, he asked me about what I liked and told me that he'd take care of me. About 15 minutes later, the most beautiful and enormous plate of food arrived. It contained a pan-seared chicken breast, not totally bland and plain, but amazingly tasteful and well-seasoned, fresh-steamed and seasoned broccoli spears, the most delicious, flavorful carrots, and mashed sweet potatoes. On the side, they presented me with two allergen-free sauce choices: one was a spicy tomato salsa, and one was a sweet mango salsa. The manager said that he had double checked both of them to ensure they were both OK. I was completely speechless (because I was holding back tears of joy) and completely satisfied. Oh, and my server was great too. Thanks, J! If you're reading this review and thinking, "I don't get why what they did is such a big deal," compare it to these two other experiences. 1. The ONLY thing that's safe for me to eat at Panera is an apple. They put gluten, soy, or dairy in EVERYthing else. 2. A restaurant that had both "hand-made" pub chips and potato salad on the menu was unable to bring me a plain baked potato. When I left the restaurant, I was so happy and relaxed that I felt like I had spent the afternoon at the spa. Thank you, Grand Lux for making my day!!!
