Every time I go to Anterprima, I am transported back to Italy. On a recent windy, blustery spring night, I imagine myself in sunny Umbria, surrounded by grape vines and gnarly olive trees. Ok... back to reality. In my opinion, there are 2 restaurants in Chicago that really makes me feel like I'm back in Italy. Anteprima never fails to give me that feeling. The small storefront is always packed and bustling, and one hopes for when their back patio is open, to give some breathing room. After you sit down, an amuse bouche of zucchini tart welcomes you. Then, the bread basket arrives. OMG I can live on that alone. Crunchy dense house-made bread sticks, good sourdough, and crumbly foccacia with a soft interior. There is a regular seasonal menu, and a smaller daily specials menu. All told, there are about 15 antipasti to choose from. Certain smaller ones you can even get as a mixed platter. All pasta and risotto can be ordered in full or half sized options. Anything that comes out of the wood burning oven is always a sure bet. On this visit, I had the Chicken Liver Crostini with pickled okra; wood-grilled Iroquois Polenta with fava, ramps, and English peas; grilled Octopus with potatoes, red onion, chile, parsley, lemon and olive oil. For our mains, I had the wood-grilled Rabbit with roasted artichokes & fennel, olives, sun-dried tomatoes, and pine nuts. My partner had the Stuffed wild turkey breast with spinach and prosciutto. The smooth Liver was a sharp contrast to the crunchy, oily bread underneath. Batons of radishes on top brought bursts of freshness. The pickled okra provided a good counterpoint to all the richness. The Polenta looked almost like a piece of steak with all the grill marks and woodsy aroma. The ragout of spring veggies underneath, in a light tomato sauce, was a perfect foil for all the creaminess. One of their signature antipasti, the Octopus, was next. Wood grilled tender octopus chunks, in a salad of punchy flavors and textures. The only dish that could rival this would be the Pulpo con Patatas at Mercat ala Planxa. Wood grilled vs confit octopus? I can't decide. Our entrees really brought us back to the rustic cuisine of Italy. So, rabbit. Haters stop here. If you can't imagine having little Peter for dinner, that's cool. I grew up eating rabbits and would jump on the chance whenever they are on the menu. Anyways, the rabbit were presented as cutlets, quiet a departure from the usual leg-and-loin-on-the-bone preparation. It was grilled ala diavola style, with a mess of herbs and tons of pungent black pepper corn. The accompanying veggies provided a symphony of complements to the meat. The artichoke was toothsome, the fennel nicely caramelized and sweet. The wild turkey breast was a similar variation on the same theme as the rabbit. A turkey breast, stuffed with spinach and prosciutto, rolled and crusted with tons of herbs. Perfection. We washed all the food down with a Nebbiolo, the 2000 Bianchi from Sizzano. Medium bodied, yet dark and murky. It was perfect for that night's weather. Dessert was the usual liquid route. I had the fig infused house grappa. I felt the burn as always, but now the edge has been tempered a wee bit by the sweetness of the figs. I was ready to snuggle up in bed. Why 4 stars? Anteprima transports me back to Italy, time and time again. They serve a lot of dishes that are not available elsewhere in this area. Their cooking method is grounded in the Italian tradition, using fresh seasonal ingredients. That is the spirit of Italian cuisine. Mr Fosse the owner is ever so gracious. The all-Italian wine list offers a wide range of varieties. The room is charming (a bit tight), and it is truly a neighborhood gem.
