The food here is definitely worth 5 stars. I got the oxtail and my boyfriend got the steak special; both were super tasty, flavorful, and just the right amount to be filling. They came with beans, rice, and plantains (yum). The reason I did not give 5 stars is because the service left a bad taste in my mouth. Our waiter ("Call him the waiter with the Ceaser haircut," says BF) was nice, friendly, and eager to please, but I think there was just a big communication problem. For example, I asked for hot orange spice tea and he kept saying, 'Raspberry tea," and I said, "No, orange spice" and he said, "Yeah, raspberry" and I was like "what" and he was like "They're all same" and I was like "Raspberry, green tea, orange spice, and earl gray fusion?" and he was like "Yeah" and I was like "OK whatever" Then when he brought me the tea, it was ICED TEA. And at this point I figured pointing out the mistake would just lead to more communication headache. Also, I asked for the coffee menu at the end of dinner, so I could have this coffee con leche I read in all the Yelp reviews, but he said "we don't have a coffee menu"... even though I know they have plenty of coffees on their menu, even if it's not a dedicated coffee menu... Also right after we sat down in the heated patio (this was back in April when it was chilly), purposely under a heat lamp, the heat lamp went out. And we asked our waiter if it was on and he said yes, but it was obviously not on. Finally after fiddling with it a while ourselves throughout dinner, we asked a passing waiter if it was on. He tried to turn it out but said there was no gas, and left. Finally towards the end of dinner, somebody showed up to replace the tank, but didn't turn the lamp back on. We tried to ignite it, but I guess they didn't turn the gas on because it wouldn't ignite. The sun had gone down and I was feeling chilly so I got a stomach ache from sitting in the cold. The lamp was never turned back on. Also, there were several things that we tried to order that were unavailable (this was at 7 pm and we were one of the earlier diners, so I doubt it was because they ran out). One was the Grouper Soup and the other was the avocado side. I'd go again because the food was great and it's nice out now so I don't have to worry about freezing under a non-functioning heat lamp drinking iced "hot tea"... I just hope I end up with some more cooperative service next time.
