I really want to love this place, but I'm just not convinced I can. The idea is really cool: a hidden cocktail club-type place. They have some really creative interesting cocktails, and the menu is set up by type of alcohol. The first time I went here was on a date, and I really loved this place. Iw as really looking forward to going back, but then I thought it closed (maybe I'm mistaken, but I used to drive by it all the time, and one day there was a huge mural of a monkey on the front...).  I was so excited to go back again, but my second time was disappointing. Getting in was a huge pain, but I wasn't even rewarded with a good experience for all that we went through to get into the place. We stupidly waited till the busiest time on a Saturday night, the wrong time to go, but the wait was so much more horrendous than it ever needed to be, or than I'd ever expect. For one thing it was the beginning of October, yet freezing cold and raining, and about half the line was outside. I think we waited over an hour total outside. Plus, there was some kind of wait list you could be put on, but it was not clear how it worked, and it seemed that people who were friends of the host were the only ones allowed on the list. By the time I finally got so fed up that I went to complain about all the assholes just walking right in, I had to stand there for a good 5 mins before anyone even paid any attention to me; they told me the list had just closed. Yeah right. It was the most miserable experience ever, and to top it off, we were put in the back room when finally allowed to be seated, where more than half the tables were EMPTY! I used to live in NYC and I'm fairly accepting of a place wanting to make it appear more exclusive by letting a line form outside, but this was ridiculous!! Violet Hour is not a night club! There were people my parents' age waiting in line. I jsut don't get this place.  The cocktails we had were decent, and probably nothing like I'd ever had, but that's about it for the positives. They have some small plates, but they were disappointing for the type of place this tries to be, as well as the price. They expressly prohibit budweiser, light beer, grey goose, and comsopolitans, but they have potato wedges and tater tots. I love these things, but it's like they're trying too hard and in the food you see that they're really just pretentious and not good at it.
