I have been wanting to go to Graham Elliot for about a year now--and that desire has been particularly acute since we stopped in for cocktails over the summer... The truffle parmesan popcorn was fantastic, as were the cocktails. Our waiter helped us pick out a series of dishes, and we put the drink pairings into his hands. We started with the Italian beef tartare and the beet salad, which was paired with a nice ros. Monica loved the beet salad, I thought it was just okay (there was kind of a cloying top note that bothered me, but I couldn't put my finger on what it was). I thought the beef tartare was awesome. It was served on a little roll with finely chopped giardiniera and provolone foam. There was some sort of red pepper sauce too, and it all worked together fantastically. The ros paired nicely with both dishes. Our hot courses were risotto and duck confit ravioli. The waiter paired the duck with a madeira and the risotto with a hard cider. The risotto was an homage to Wisconsin--cheddar cheese, artesian sausage, apples and Cheez-Its. Rich and creamy and perfect. And the cider took the whole thing to the next level. This was a superb dish. The duck confit ravioli, however, was nothing short of spectacular. The raviolis were steamed then baked? And they were topped with some blanched greens and pomegranate seeds and accompanied with a pomegranate sauce. Now, when this was served I must admit that I thought "sigh, pomegranate seeds are so 2008." Well, pomegranate like this exists outside of what happens to be popular at the moment. Transcends it, in fact. There were so many rich and varied textures and the tastes were well matched. This has to be one of the best single dishes I have ever had in my life. Fantastic. Our main courses came with a black beer. Again, it worked well. We had the lamb and pork belly (Yeah. Again.). The lamb was excellent--flavorful and exquisitely cooked. It was served with chickpeas. The dish was again complicated, but whimsical and well rounded. I really liked the pork belly. It's funny, though I enjoyed the pork belly at Kith and Kin and at Publican more, the Graham Elliot pork belly had a completely different taste and was a much more complete dish. It came served with a root beer barbecue sauce. It was cooked sous vide and then seared--which resulted in a crispy outside and a buttery inside. Very good. The waiter comped us a couple of glasses of sparkling wine, and talked us into a dessert--some sort of pumpkin spice cake. Excellent. Graham Elliot was better than I expected it to be (and I had pretty high expectations). And, to be honest, you'd be hard pressed to find such fantastic food in such a fun place.
