This is like a miniature, more inventive version of Quartino. Huge fan. The food is simple, and the dishes are not massive. I love Italian food, but I do not love that most places give you like three times what you should be eating. It's also not your typical pasta/salad/steak place, which is refreshing. They have interesting, well thought out things like truffle egg toast w/ asparagus (my favorite dish here...I love truffle and I love eggs.) I also really enjoy the 3 for $14 formaggi + salumi. I am a huge fan of cured and salted meats, particularly pork, and could easily overdose on them here. I've also enjoyed the pizza here. The one that stands out is pizza della fattoria, which is egg, pork belly, potato, scallions, and asiago cheese.  No red sauce. It was overwhelmingly good, and I'd definitely order it again. I love eggs on stuff, and this was no disappointment. My friends have had burgers from here, they looked good and said they were good. The bacon jam is awesome, as are the fries. Plus they have a night (forget which one) where a burger and a beer is $10. The beers on tap are lacking here. I feel like they could have a few more. It's a fairly busy place, and I feel like they certainly have the crowd to support it. The wine list is good, and they also have some pretty awesome cocktails that sounded good. That said, I haven't had any, since I usually drive here. I like the atmosphere, it's got a nice aesthetic and it's kind of bustling. It's sort of rustic vintage and earthy. The only awkward thing is that there isn't really a waiting area so when it's busy, you're kind of moving around and standing awkwardly behind peoples barstools, which can be a little annoying if you have a drink. I suppose they did the best they could with the space though. It's a good casual date spot or place to eat a light meal and enjoy some wine with friends. Not really appropriate for large parties or gatherings. I don't frequently get to Little Italy, but it's definitely one of the better spots I've been to over there that isn't traditional pasta/salad/steak, not that that's not good in it's own right. The parking situation is hit or miss, there's been times where I've parked right across the street, and other times where I've had to walk a few blocks.
