Quick note on the salad bar: Yes, most of the items there are to fill you up so you consume less meat, but there are several items up there (make sure you ignore the SALAD completely, for it really is a waste of stomach room) that go great with the all-you-can-eat meat and side orders they'll bring to your table. The mushrooms are great, and they've got some tasty cheeses that pair well with the rolls they'll bring you and some thinly-sliced deli-style meats and tasty smoked salmon that go well with the cheese. Quick note on the meat portion: You've got a little card in front of you. Red means "stop bothering me, I'm eating my meat" and green means "meat meat meat *growl* gimme some meat". Be forewarned, the first time you are here, you'll need to get used to the Meat Storm effect of turning your card to green for the first time. Not only will three servers hit you up with their meat sticks (long metal sticks/skewers lined with one meat per server), but the first green signal will lead to you getting the tasty all-you-can-eat side dishes of fried polenta, fried bananas and mashed potatoes. Just make sure you've got room on your plate (or a clean plate) for the many different cuts of beef, pork, chicken and lamb! Quick note on the side dishes: The mashed potatoes are nothing to write home about. The fried bananas and polenta, on the other hand - I have written home about. Seriously. I love them so much, I was taking 10 minute breaks of meat just so I could focus on the warm and caramelized bananas and the crispy fried polenta sticks. I'm sad that they only give you four polenta sticks at a time - but then again, if you keep eating them and emptying that dish, they'll keep bringing you more dishes with four more polenta sticks!! Quick note on the quick service: This is another thing you'll have to get used to. If you're like me and are more likely to hit up a diner or Applebee's than this fancy churrascaria, you're used to waitstaff checkin' up on you maybe three times during your meal, if you haven't waved to flag one down otherwise. At Fogo de Chao, prepared to be catered to approximately once every three minutes, whether you've got your card at red or green. It's either someone coming to refill your water, someone to refill your side dishes, someone to check if you need a fresh plate, someone to ask if there's something special you need or are waiting for (my response would be, "yea, get that lambchop guy back over here"), or someone just to come and scrape any food bits from the tablecloth. I had my chair pushed in for me almost every time I had stood up for something - which is something a large hunk o' man meat like myself doesn't get used to easily. Quick note on the bathrooms: They are large and in charge. Fanciful, spacious, nice muzak, spiffy sink setups, and forget paper towel machines or wussy air blowers - these bathroom have stacks of dainty yet sturdy napkins for drying off your hands. Now that I'm done with my quick notes, we come to the end of our meal. I was convinced to get some dessert, mostly because they found out it was my birthday. And once the man said "flan", I was locked in. Luckily, I have two stomachs - and my meat tank may have been filled to the brim, but the reserve stomach had enough space amid the fried polenta sticks and tasty fried bananas to wedge in a delicious helping of flan - complete with a lit candle placed in a strawberry and "Happy Birthday" written in strawberry syrup. And talk about classy - they charged me $0.01 for the "birthday flan". Take my advice, heed these above notes and keep in mind that the BEST time to go is the weekday lunch period. It's the exact same food that you'd get at dinner, and half of the insanely-huge price. I also advise you have a gift card for the place so you're only paying for the generous tip for the exemplary service - if you can get your hands on one. Just keep your hands off mine - there's still enough left for one more lunch trip!
