With a smile on my face, an optimistic disposition and an empty stomach I walk into yolk with high hopes. The good reviews and my snobby cousins ravings about Yolk's excellent cuisine has lured me in to the Oz like atmosphere yet again. I have my mother at my side for moral support as we are escorted to a booth by a friendly host. So far so good. I sulk down into the booth and order a large OJ. The drinks arrive promptly and the orange juice tastes fresh squeezed. I think to myself "Hey, maybe everything is going to be okay." Now you may be confused as to why I am so weary of this mornings breakfast but this is not my first time at Yolk. It is actually my third and even though the first two experiences were less then stellar. I decide to give it one more chance. "Maybe this time it will be better, was it really that bad? How could so many Yuppies get it wrong?" But No my friend, I can no longer make excuses for the shotty food at this dive joint parading around as a hot spot. My first experience there was about a year ago. I live about a block away so I walked over with a friend and we decided to treat ourselves to a nice brunch. I had the Countryside Skillet and my friend indulged in the Cinnamon Roll French Toast. The skillet was greasy and the French toast was dry. My second experience I ordered take out, an omelet and crepes. The omelet was bland, overdone and the worst part was someone had the grand idea to put an orange slice as a garnish on my omelet. "Mmm there is nothing like an egg white omelet with spinach, bacon and orange!". The crepes were thick and rubbery.  My third and my final experience, because I do not plan on returning was just a few days ago. I was a bit hung over and incredibly hungry. I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap. My mother ordered the Huevos Rancheros. The Wrap wasn't horrible, the dressing was a little heavy and the chicken didn't feel crisp, but all in all it wasn't half bad. The Huevos Rancheros though, I thought was sub-par. It had some kind of ground beef masquerading as chorizo that reminded me of the meat you got on Taco Day with your school lunch. It was also incredibly greasy. Besides the food being horrible which I think it the most important part when eating out, It was over all clean and the wait staff was friendly.
