Worst Customer Service. I've been here twice, and they have f*d up my orders three times, including the second time after they f'd up and I returned to get my order corrected, they wouldn't give me what I actually ordered and made me order again, which they STILL F*D UP! I had been walking by this restaurant for six months to and from work by the time I decided to stop in and pick up a quick dinner on the way home. I was excited to try this cheep Mexican restaurant so close to home and work. The first messed up order I chalked up to my mis-reading or not giving enough directions. I ordered beef tacos, no special directions. The menu, that I was ordering from at the counter in front of the cashier listed tacos with lettuce, tomato, onion, cilantro, sour cream, and your choice of meat. I returned home to discover my beef tacos only held ground beef, onions and cilantro...but it was delicious, so I returned next week to give a more detailed order. The second time I ordered I asked if tomato, lettuce, cheese and sour cream came with tacos and burritos. She told me lettuce and tomato did, but you have to ask for cheese, sour cream, avocado etc... So now, believing that cheese, sour cream, avocado etc., were optional add ons, and they just forgot the lettuce and tomato by mistake last time, I ordered "three ground beef tacos with cheese and sour cream, and one veggie burrito (with nothing added)". I got home to discover my veggie burrito had both cheese and sour cream...so this time I returned with the the veggie burrito in tow. I placed the bagged, wrapped, untouched burrito on the counter and explained this was not what I ordered. They actually argued with me, and refused to exchange the item. So I ordered again, "One veggie burrito, no cheese, no sour cream". I walked home, hungry and annoyed to discover sour cream on my burrito. Then opened my tacos and discovered they had avocado on them. By now it was an hour and a half after I ordered the first time and I still didn't have what I ordered. If they had been apologetic, or even were indifferent by exchanged my order, I would have been fine. But they wouldn't admit a mistake that cost me additional time and money. Sorry La Pasadita, but I won't be wasting any more money or time at any of your establishments.
