I'm almost compelled to create a separate yelp account and give Publican an additional five stars so it equals ten, but even then, it would not be enough to articulate the time I had here. Now, I know what people are saying about this place. It's silly. It's ridiculous. I understand the need to hate on a hyped restaurant, and I can't speak for everyone's experiences, but if you walk out of this place with anything less than a five star review- you're doing the publican wrong. Alright, that volcanic eruption of praise, why is it so good? Get ready, this is going to be a long one. I went here with my dad on my birthday, a wednesday night in December. We showed up at roughly 5:00 and the hostess sat us right away. We were informed that the dinner menu hadn't been printed yet, but they gave us their lunch menu. No big deal, we only had to wait 30 minutes for the Dinner menu, so we ordered a Chef's selection of Oysters and a couple beers. Dear god in heaven. These oysters. It was a complete tour of East Coast/West Coast oysters. We could taste the difference from each perfectly shucked shell. But oysters are delicious, you'd have to be trying to mess up oysters. The dinner menu came, freshly printed, and my father and I gave it the once over. We decided that we had to have the ham plate. Get the ham plate. Get the ham plate. Why aren't you eating the ham plate? It went from a Virginia Ham to an Iowa Ham to this Spanish Ham. The first two, unremarkable, I mean they were good but I live in the united states, I am aware of what Virginia/Iowa Ham tastes like. It tastes good. I like ham. But the third ham. The spanish ham. This ham is for real. This ham plays for keeps. This ham is the Jamn ibrico. I can describe the thin, fatty, salty, delicious components that make up this remarkable ham to you here. I could tell you it's the greatest piece of pig I have ever tasted in my life. I could tell you that if you were a vegan you are an idiot for missing out on this and should convert immediately. But I wont (and I already did, see what I did there?). Read the wikipedia. Google it. Bring a cup, because you're going to be salivating. No amount of text on a community review site can begin to explain how I felt while eating it. It may have been the beers, it may have been the company, but my father and I both started laughing while eating. I have never laughed BECAUSE food was so good before in my life. Up next, Muscles. This broth that was on the muscles was unreal. Outstanding. It was light, lemony, spicy, had a vegetable medley, and just absolutely floored me. It came with a baguette and my dad and I sopped it up until the bowl was clean. Exquisite. By this time, the beers, the laughs, the incredibly accommodating, friendly, and knowledgeable wait staff had brought my dad and I into a pork frenzy. Everything was so delicious, we decided to give one more plate a go. I want to say it was the Pork Poulet but it's not on the menu anymore, and google seems to think a Pork Poulet doesn't exist. It was Pork three ways and it was exceptional. Stuffed! I was STUFFED! Remember that Monty Python sketch where the guy couldn't even eat a single, solitary, paper thin wafer? That's how I was feeling. How could I go on to order a dessert? However, it was my birthday, and gluttony was our friend, and so my dad and I decided a waffle was in order. This may have been the lightest, crispiest, sweetest waffle I've had in my entire life. It just straight up destroyed any waffle I've ever had. The crunch was beyond satisfying and the aroma it gave off was intoxicating (as if I wasn't intoxicated already). It was, like everything I had, prodigiously wonderful. That's right, I just thesaurus'd that word. Take that. We walked out of there dropping roughly 200 before tip. For two guys, tons of beers, and tons of good times -- only 200 bucks? We must have been taken care of, because I thought this place was supposed to be overpriced! The service was top notch. Everyone was wonderful, informative, and generally focused on making sure we had a good time. Service comparable to their quality of food. Perfect. Look, I understand why people are highly critical of this place. If you aren't into pork, fish, cheese or beer then this definitely isn't your jam. On the contrary, If you're looking for a memorable meal and want to share the wonderful experience of great food with those close to you, I cannot think of a single better place in Chicago to do it. Fantastic.
