Longman & Eagle NEVER disappoints. I came here last night with some good company and had a fantastic time, as per the usual. We arrived around 6:15 on a Thursday to a bustling atmosphere and grabbed a drink while we waited for a table. The beer list is absolutely amazing--they have about 10-15 beers on tap and a very large bottle selection. Also, their whiskey/bourbon selection is also noteworthy, but I have yet to dive into this as I always get distracted by their beer list. We were seated about 30 or so minutes after we arrived and our party of four began to pour over the menu. I like how the menu is divided up into "bar snacks", "small plates", and then "entrees". There really isn't much of a difference between the bar snacks and the small plates, except that the portion sizes may be a teensy bit larger with the small plates. We each picked one of the following to start out with (and share, obviously): 1) Swan Creek Rabbit Pat, Giardinire, Sourdough Tartines: I feel that it's important to mention that this was wrapped in bacon, so it immediately gained a star in my book. It was rich and flavorful and paired nicely with the peppers of the giardinere. It wasn't visually appealing by any stretch of the imagination, but it was tasty. 2) Buffalo Sweetbreads, Aerated Ranch, Hot Sauce, Thumbelina Carrots, Micro Celery: My, my, my... I could've eaten an entire entree of just this. Imagine your favorite chicken wings amplified and taken to the millionth power. Yep, not kidding, that good. The aerated ranch was exceptional. I didn't quite know what to expect but it was delicious and incredible. 3) Roasted Marrow Bones: These are always delicious--nice and fatty and fantastic with the jam and salt. The presentation on this is amazing. 4) Fried soft-shell crab: This was extremely flavorful and was devoured within minutes, I unfortunately can't find any mention of the exact details of this on their website, but if it's on the menu, get it! We then decided to share three of the entrees between the four of us: 1) Suckling Pig: This dish literally fell apart, it was that tender and succulent. It had a bacon corn grit type of base to the dish that really brought out the flavors of the meat. Fantastically prepared and beautifully displayed. 2) The Fish Special: The chef was out on the east coast the past weekend and flash froze some striped bass to bring back, so it in essence was 5 hours old. It was a tad fishy tasting in spite of its freshness, but it was still enjoyable. It was served with some fried green tomatoes, which I had never had, but were quite delicious. 3) The Quail: There were 5-6 pieces of lightly fried quail served with cornbread and beans. This was outstanding and incredibly flavorful. The pairing of the cornbread with the beans and the tender meat of the quail was to die for. Any pork dish that I've had from Longman has always been solid, so do yourself a favor and pick anything as they change their pork offering frequently. We sadly didn't have room for dessert, which I was unfortunate as their desserts are incredible. Our waitress gave us a free mini shot of a featured whiskey and a piece of a chocolate cookie which was a nice touch. If I could, I'd frequent Longman a lot more, but it always does a fair amount of damage to my wallet so I'm glad it's a hike from my apartment! Also, as an interesting aside, "No Reservations" was filming there last night sans Anthony Bourdain.
