I was something of an orphan on Easter Sunday, so my ex-boss took pity on me and invited me to join him for lunch since it was also Greek Easter. He's practically Greek mafia so we've gone to just about every Greek restaurant in the city. His favorite was Costa's, but since sadly that place burned down, I knew there'd be somewhere else in the offing. There's enough other Greek restaurants that are quite good, so I was a little dismayed that he chose Greek Islands, but hey, one can't look a gift horse in the mouth. I've been to Greek Islands and every other restaurant in Greektown many, many times. I am a lover of Greek food and have been since I was little and my mom dated her own Greek mobster. My issue with Greek Islands is that it's always seemed like Greek cafeteria food. It's not bad, it's just that other places do the same things better. GI used to be around the corner on Jackson, east of Halsted, before it moved to its present location. It was smaller then, and maybe therein lies the rub. It expanded, was able to accommodate more diners, and thus had to churn out more food, more swiftly. We started with saganaki, natch. One cannot NOT have this in Greektown. Theirs is good, but it's not a difficult dish to master and it's the most ubiquitous appetizer on a Greek menu. Next we all shared taramosalata, which I took a pass on. I cannot get down with whipped fish. I was assured it was good, so I'll have have to take that under advisement. Greek salad, spanakopita and avgolemono soup followed. Again, these are all standard items and GI executes them as well as anyone. For my entre, I decided this being Easter and all, and since I was in a Greek restaurant, to go traditional and get lamb chops. These little beauties were great. Perfectly cooked, juicy, and flavorful. And they come with rice and oven browned potatoes which make this a portion big enough to share (not that I did this, mind you). For the table, my friend ordered horta (sp?). This is something they make off menu for him. It's basically boiled dandelion greens. It's actually quite good squeezed with lemon and reminds me of spinach. Apparently my ex-boss used to pick dandelions by his mother's grave on Easter and go home and cook them so that's why he ordered them. Yeah, I thought it was a weird story too. We drank a few bottles of Boutari and Roditys and camped out for the better part of three hours. The place was festive and packed to the rafters but no one rushed us and let us sit there as long as we wanted. Greek Islands is more than adequate and I will go back; but for my money, I think other places do it better.
