I am extremely torn about this place. That being said, I gave it four stars because I believe that restaurant ratings should be based on quality of food concept and culinary execution. It was Friday night... and of course they were busy, which is great and fine... we were not in a hurry, just wanting to enjoy an evening out. At the door we were quoted 50 minutes, which was fine - but there was ZERO room at the bar, so we decided to go to the tapas place next door for a drink. Left our phone number with the hostess and said we would definitely be back. the phone rang not even a half hour later (which was only annoying due to the fact that we almost considered going somewhere else - and we had barely finished our drinks.) We pounded our drinks and ran over to L&E to avoid them giving our table up. We were seated - and then we waited and waited and waited. Someone came by with water, which was great, but no "hey, i'll be with you in just a minute" or even an acknowledgement that we were at the table. annoying. When the waiter finally did come over it was the typical what can i get you to drink and are you ready to order... IM SORRY!?!? what?! The drinks took at least 10 minutes to arrive (and NO i'm not exaggerating... i worked in the restaurant business for 12 years). The drinks were lovely however... We then started by ordering 3 plates and a dinner entree. The waiter then asked if we knew what we were having for our main course. We explained that we wanted to start with that and see how we felt afterwards. We also explained that we understood that it meant that it might take us a little longer to get the food and we were fine with that. He seem overly annoyed... which made me annoyed.  We had the marrow, the scallops, the sweetbreads, the ricotta gnuddi, the soft shell crabs (amazing), and the cauliflower entree. All of the food was delicious and innovative - the flavors were fantastic... the marrow was perfect and the sweetbreads were accessible even to those who wouldn't normally enjoy or venture to taste it! I give 5 stars to the food / drinks and 2 stars for the service (at least that of the server) the support staff (i.e. food runner and bussers) were extremely helpful. It's hard to tell if it was just the server just not being a good server, or if he was extremely overwhelmed and needed more support... either way it took away from the experience. I would come back for the food, only if I knew that the service would be better.
