Summary: Great outdoor seating, tasty food, fun atmosphere. The portions are tiny and the offerings are not exactly "authentic" - the dishes tend to lean more to the trendy side of things rather than the Spanish side. The food was all overpriced given the dainty servings and the service was . . . limited. Overall, I had a great time and a couple dishes were memorable. However, I don't think I'll be going back anytime soon. Here's how the meal went down: Now I don't know a ton about Spanish white wines, so I asked the waiter for a little help and described to him what I wanted (crisp, refreshing, minerals, on the dry side, not sweet). He pointed to two different whites helpfully stating that they would be less sweet than the others and then annoyingly saying that they were the two most popular whites on the menu. Umm . . . I'm not looking for what the most popular whites are - I'm looking for crisp, refreshing, minerals . . . didn't we just go through this? Anyway, his suggestions were at a very reasonable price point (which I appreciated) and I ended up selecting one of them mostly because he didn't have anything really to say about the other whites. It was the 2006 Gran Vinum Nessa Albarino and ended up being pretty good - not as dry as I'd like, but definitely worth ordering again. Moving on. We ordered 7 dishes - a number that I thought was going to result in leftovers since there were only three of us. One of our choices was the "mixto" cheese plate that included a selection of three cheeses. When I asked the waiter what the selected cheeses were like, he looked like I'd asked him a ridiculous question, snickered and said "one's goat, one's sheep, one's cow." Now I wanted to murder this guy. After some prodding, he finally came out with the following: "Two are more mild and one is a little stronger." Come on. If you're going to devote a whole section of your menu to cheeses, then your waiter better know how to describe them at least a little. When our food finally came (I'd say it took about 30 minutes for the first dish to come out - even the cheese plate took that long), the results were as follows: Mixto Cheese Plate: Three good cheeses, but all very similar. All pretty mild, no soft or semi-soft cheese, all wedged, all about the same off-white color. Not much of a "mixto." But they were delish and the fruity, tart relishes served with them were excellent. Sopa: I can't remember the description of the soup we got - I wasn't part of that decision. Suffice it to say the soup was excellent. The broth was rich tasting (and green), but felt light and velvety. There was some kind of delicious croquette served in the middle of the soup which was to die for. And there was definitely truffle oil. Enough said. Ensalada de Pulpo: I love octopus. And I love it char grilled at a Spanish restaurant. But this was a big disappointment. Despite the name, the dish was a few pieces of octopus sitting on one side of a plate and a small pile of bibb lettuce and frisee on the other. The octopus was a little too charred and had pretty much no seasoning. It was bland. Tortilla Espanola: This is my fave dish in any Spanish restaurant and I demanded that we order it. Again, a very small crabcake sized portion, but delicious and dense. Served with some kind of saffron sauce that was good, but was too overpowering a flavor for the eggs and potatoes.  Bacon Wrapped Dates: I fell in love with these things at avec and now when I see them on a menu I have to have them. These were very good versions, much smaller than avec (about half the size) and with no chorizo. Instead, there were slivered almonds in the center of each date which gave it a nice, satisfying crunch. Unfortunately, before I could stop them, they set down the plate of dates and poured some kind of white ranch sauce over all of them. Bogus. They were delicious, but I wiped off most of the sauce. Porcini, Sausage and Manchego cheese flatbread: This was neither Spanish nor flatbread. It was pizza and pizza is delicious, hence this was delicious. I don't think they used Manchego cheese - tasted like good old mozzarella to me. Grilled Barramundi: Tiny portion, not enough seasoning. Boring overall. Dessert: The croquettes are excellent - like little churros served with marshmallow. But go for the homemade helados. The cream cheese, rosemary and sweet pea were AMAZING. The bill came to $80 a person and we all felt satisfied, but not stuffed. I think in the future, when I want tapas, I'll save my money and go get the real thing at Cafe Iberico.
