I went here for Restaurant Week with a friend. Our reservation was at 7:30pm and we ended up waiting a little over 15 minutes for our table. The place was packed. I didn't realize there was a second level either, which is where we were sat. It was a cute set-up and dim lights. The only problems we seemed to encounter right away was my friend's bread plate was dirty and there was something still on the bottom that left dirty marks on the table cloth. But have previously working at restaurants, sometimes that's something you don't really notice until after someone tells you, unless you inspect every single dish and silverware top and bottom. My friend's soup spoon was also dirty and it took awhile for the waiter to replace it, which was weird. But we both started off with the Louisiana Shrimp Gumbo soup which was pretty good, can't say I've had it before. But I think I was expecting jumbo shrimp for some reason. The shrimp reminded me of the dried frozen shrimp I've had at home in my mom's cooking, not one of my favorites, but the soup was still good. For my main meal I went with the 12 oz. Ribeye. I also got the mashed potatoes. My friend got the filet and sauted mushrooms. When our meals arrived, they smelled so good. I love the smell of steaks! So our steaks came and they came sizzling hot! Usually the server will tell me that the plate is hot but I'm one of those people who have you find out for myself if it's really hot. It was. So we dug in! Oh my golly goodness, so gooooooooood! I haven't had steak in awhile so I was in steak heaven. My friend and I switched some pieces. I wanted to see if I could taste the difference between the ribeye and filet. I could. And I liked mine better. The filet was softer and not as juicy. Mine was perfectly delicious! I was so sad when I got down to my last piece, I didn't want to eat it. I just wanted to savor the taste forever, but it had to go down. And yummy it was! For dessert we had chocolate mousse in a chocolate cup paired with fresh berries in sweet cream. Dessert was excellent as well. I'm a huge fan of anything fruity and the fresh fruit in the cream was delicious! The chocolate mousse was really good too. It was like in a Reese's cup...but made out of chocolate. Overall the experience was really good. I'd go back!
