If I like you, chances are that I'll like your birthday and therefore either bake you a monstrous triple-tier 10lb. cake or take you out for Chinese and order enough food for 10 people. Food = love. Anyway, one of my friends turned a year older and I promised him duck to celebrate. We ended up ordering a Beijing duck and then I got a little too excited and added on: crispy skin roast pork, soy sauce chicken, bbq spare ribs, egg rolls, garlic pea shoots, stir fried lotus root. This, plus a duck soup and fried rice, is a lot of food for 4 people... but since Chinese celebrations always involve large extravagant meals, I felt this was appropriate. :) Everything we had was wonderful. - This is a Chinese BBQ place so you can't go wrong with any of the items. The soy sauce chicken is one of my favorites, my friend said the spare rib was one of the best ribs he's ever had, and crispy pork skin? Do we even need to discuss this? - Egg rolls deemed by egg roll expert Mr. N to be the best he has ever had. - Garlic pea shoots because you need to eat your greens. Don't worry, they go down real easy. - The stir fried lotus root dish blew my mind. Vegetarians be warned, there is BACON in it. And snow peas. And wood ear mushrooms. - The duck itself is pretty much the same thing that you would get in Beijing. (Believe me, I eat about 10 ducks by myself every time I go home). The only difference is they serve it with soft, warm buns instead of the thin pancake. Fine by me. The buns are more filling away. So, yeah, this was a fantastic birthday meal. Stuffed to the brim, leftovers galore, perfect. 5 stars now because somehow it has managed to remind me of two places when I am homesick: Beijing and Hong Kong, and successfully too! What a feat. Bravo Sun Wah! Some tips: - They are now in a much bigger space than before, on Broadway. - Don't be fooled into thinking you can just waltz in and get a table though. The word is out about this $32 duck. This place is PACKED on weekends with most tables eating duck. Call ahead and make reservations and order your duck. Even if you're coming in for an off-peak hour meal, call and order your duck anyway. They sell a lot of these and I wouldn't want them to run out on you. - Ask me to come with you! :)
