Excellent coffee, great pastries, and a nice study area (along with free wifi) make this one of my go to places for studying and snacking. Things I have tried thus far: Crossaint - Flaky, buttery, airy. Near perfect. Almond Crossaint - Stickily sweet... more dessert than breakfast, but delicious. Blueberry scone - Now this is a scone... none of those crappy Starbucks bricks has the right to bear the name of scone, but this soft, moist, sugary treat? This is a scone. Macaroons - Mind you I have never had a macaroon before, but these things have been delicious. White chocolate raspberry was delightful, and the chocolate ganache smeared in the banana chocolate one was very memorable. Cakes - You know, I brought a cake back for my parents for dinner one evening, and the differences textural layers and separate but complimenting flavors was phenomenal. This was not a standard cake, and I'm not sure what the name was, but it made me a lifetime fan of Alliance. Lemon Bar/Lime Bar - Tasty, and very flavorful. You can tell the purity of ingredients from the flavors. Almost too tart, but I'm a fan of tart over sweet at times. So why four stars you ask? I noticed that their bakery items definitely carry over to the next day. I had macaroons one night, and stopped in again the next night to get some more, and noted that the same macaroons along with many other bakery items were still there. As a business person, i fully understand the need to sell all of your items, but this makes me wonder how long the items are sitting in the display case before they are tossed or given away. Now I could be wrong and they may have turned over all their items in the 24 hours that had passed, but from my inspecting eye, it sure didn't look like it. May I suggest an Au Bon Pain approach and discounting your items between 8:00 and 9:00 PM right before you close? I feel like you may draw the local crowd and it would help relieve your items and make way for fresh items the next day. Of course, it's important to make a profit (which I have no doubt Au Bon Pain does even discounted) but this may be the cause of people's complaints that the brownies/cupcakes/cookies are too dry...
