My last visit to The Diner was an enjoyable one. The patio was open, it was a nice, summer day, and our server was friendly and mostly attentive. Our menu: The Reuben Sandwich (a Diner classique) - consistency varies from visit to visit with this one, but rarely does it disappoint. The 'corned beef' has a great texture and flavor and the portion size isn't something to joke about either. Country Fried Steak - I think I ordered this because, honestly, of the word 'gravy'...I love gravy. This gravy was grand; perfectly creamy and rich flavored, a touch of made-at-home spice: oh yeah, this gravy was what I wanted. And it covered the country fried chicken/steak (whatever it was), which reminded me of an earthy Salisbury flavor. Um, let's throw back to the days of school lunch with Country Fried Steak, or Chicken, or some such thing...The Chicago Diner gives me this and more: the seasonal vegetables in pesto were perfectly prepared. A heaping portion of beautiful, bright, green broccoli florets, cauliflower, and vibrant squashes made my Country Delight a stage for a garden girl's dream ballet - I would eat those vegetables alone for the rest of my life and be happy. And the gravy business? Agony. I had to eat as much as I could, it was that satisfying. There was an a la carte pancake ordered, which did *not* meet our expectations or needs, but the blueberry compote with which it was served was really fabulous - not too tart, just sweet enough, and bright flavor and color. There was a dessert ordered: the black forest cake. We peeped one go by earlier in the meal and made a mental note, 'for later.' At first bite, I wasn't impressed. The carob/cocoa action was flat. The second bite, however, re-convinced me, as I let the creamy texture melt in my mouth, the chocolaty flavor wash over my tongue, the little bit of crust crunch lightly between my teeth -- I could have done with a lot more cherries. And not just the gelled ones on top - fresh cherries and more cherry flavor would have made this cake sing, rather than just hum. I did, however, find the strength to eat it all with my counterpart. So...it wasn't all that flat in the end.
