the wicker park neighborhood is slowly shedding its highly appealing urban outerwear, revealing questionable yuppie undergarments. speaking as an old schooler where wicker park was my jam, i'm not sure what to think of wp's new clothes. ...visiting home a few weeks ago, i was shocked to stand at the busy intersection of damen, milwaukee, and north avenue, only to find two establishments that i could recognize, as well as learning that an american apparel opened up down the street. despite my feeling like a stranger in a once familiar part of town, i thought i'd give it a chance. people and things are constantly changing, after all. outside of fabulous yelp elite events, i've been fairly stingy w/dishing out five stars. i tried to find at least one point of criticism for the violet hour, but no such luck.  boarded up on the outside, i walked right past the entrance. audrey, a hometown friend, motioned me back, and we approached a guy, foot propped up against the wall, checking texts. she asked him if there was space for three inside. he went inside, immediately came back out, and told us to go to the right after the first curtain. oooh, i love speakeasies! i was greeted by an attractively sophisticated interior w/a slate gray/muted ice blue theme and high backed chairs to match. the space is separated into a few areas. - - the bar remains one long, entity, all sectioned off by curtains. a fireplace subtly illuminates people's faces and hand gestures.  the three of us chose to sit at the bar over sitting at a table so that we could watch the bartenders as they made our drinks. i did a double take as i noticed that our bartender had a remarkable resemblance to the character, billy, in 'six feet under.' he was nice enough to make my other friend a second drink (on the house) b/c she didn't like the 'vincent's ruin' (bulleit, lemon, st. germain, la muse verte absinthe). i ordered the 'gilded cage' (tito's, lemon, honey syrup, egg white, peychaud's bitters) which was absolutely delicious and well worth its cost ($12). it tasted similar to a lemon meringue pie! ...that said, i had two of them. : ) it was refreshing to get together w/old friends and reminisce at an exceptional speakeasy like violet hour. i'm definitely coming back here next time i visit home.
