Please do not stay here. I was born and raised in Chicago and often peered at this hotel from the outside and thought... "Hey, that place looks nice, I'd like to stay there one day." I spend a lot of time in downtown chi and rarely feel like driving home after a fun night. I remember, one night in July, I walked into this Westin with my girlfriend Lydia to inquire about the room rates for the night. We were spoken to (very rudely) by a humongous and very unattractractive manager, (I feel bad talking about him because he didn't make himself and everyone has flaws, I'm not a hyocrite) but I feel that he was taking his unhappiness with his appearance out on us. He told Lydia and I that there were no vancancies at the hotel, but a white couple walked in behind us and he "magically" found accomodations for them. They stated that they had not made pre-reservations and were walk-ins just like us. I wish I had gotten their info. I wrote this experience off as being a "glitch in the system". I returned to this hotel with my clubbing and dining buddy Lydia again after having a "girl's night out at Ruth's Chris" where I picked up a $350 tab. We were unable to finish our meal and had 95% of it wrapped up for enjoyment later at the hotel. This didnt happen. Due to stress, I had a panic attack and Lydia drove me to the nearby Northwestern Memorial Hospital. I stayed there for about 7hrs. When I returned, Lydia called me and said that our dinner had been either thrown away or eaten by the hospitality staff.      Talk about a waste of money. Lydia complained to Sean, the manager on duty, and she and was given a meager $25.00 credit to be used at the bar downstairs in the lobby. The food at the Grill was nice. However, the very next day Chicago Police was called on me because the $5,000+ charge that had been authorized on my account for an approximate 2 week stay had exceeded by daily charge limit which is only $5,000 per day. I was told by the same manager, Sean and head of security, Ray Parede,s that my credit card was stolen and that "those people" and "n words" do this allk the time at this hotel. They said I had placed 2 different addresses on file. Did they ever think I have 2 residences???????? DUH, or are black people not allowed to OWN multiple properties? Are we not allowed to blow 5K on a 2 week hotel stay. The police showed up, verified my identity, and basically stayed in my room for 2hrs until I could call the bank and authorize the card for more money. In the interim, I missed a very important business meeting and a relaxing 4hr spa treatment. OMG, hope I don't have another panic attack. And to think Westin claims this hotel offers a retreat feeling. I feel worse than I felt at the hospital. A $440/night waste. But I feel like a young MLK doing a PEACEFUL DEMONSTRATION to take a stand against the unjust treatment of ANYONE, regardless af gender, sexual orientatation, race, culture, religion, etc. Feedback is welcome.
