This "little dream" is one that I do not plan on forgetting!!!!    It took about 15 minutes or so for the service staff to get their stride after we were seated, maybe they give you that time to take in the extensive wine menu, wine novel is more like it. However once the meal started to progress they stepped it up and ended up doing a great job; attentive, friendly, and efficient.  Once we settled our cocktail and wine selections we started our feasting. For Antipasti we selected "Burrata con Culatello"(prosciutto with fresh mozzarella), the two staples of Italian cuisine, and they were both marvelous. We also selected the "Griglia Mista" that included calamari, octupus, and shrimp. The shrimp and calamari were entirely perfect with that wonderful grilled flavor and a hint of lemon while the octupus was good but nothing in comparison to the shrimp and calamari. Lastly we ordered a white pizza from the specials that had rosemary and mushrooms on it, I wish they delivered... enough said. For primi piatti (first course) we ordered three small orders of pasta. I love that they give you a choice between small and large portions, the small was just the right size for all three of us to try. We ordered the following pastas (listed in order from extraordinarily delicious to plain delicious): Pappardelle with porcini mushrooms and asparagus (this was from the specials), "Gnocchi di Spinaci" , and the "Ravioli piccolo sogno". All of the pastas were clearly made fresh which makes all the difference. I definitely suggest ordering anything that has the pappardelle noodles, they were a highlight of the entire meal.  Secondi piatti (second course) consisted of the "Pesci Interno" that happened to be an Italian sea bass that day. It was cooked perfectly, seasoned with just the right amount of sea salt that really balanced well with the pieces of citrus fruits they garnish with and the grilled whole pieces of fennel served on the side; seeing that empty plate after the fish had been devoured was a sad moment for everyone at the table.  I Postri (desserts) were an important selection, as it was my birthday, and the servers selection of chocolate cake with hazlenut gelato was an excellent choice. We also ordered their sorbet. I think that their gelato and their sorbet were the shining stars of the dessert course. Lastly, let me say that it was refreshing to walk into a restaurant that is well lit; I could see everything on my plate, no candlelight necessary. I enjoyed sitting inside with a view of the open kitchen, but next visit I will definitely remember to ask for a table on their patio as it is absolutely gorgeous! Summation: Marvelous!
