Pure gluttony and I loved every aspect of it! Last night I was craving Greek food after passing by Greektown the day before to a friend's place. Of course, first step is first. In a quest for top of the line Greek food I checked yelp for the highest rated Greek restaurant in Greektown. Greek Islands was the winner with 4.5 stars and 170 reviews. Ok so it's a go. When we first arrived, I noticed it was already busy at 4:30pm on a Sunday. The restaurant is relatively large compared to its neighboring restaurants and we were seated right away (plus 1 star).  Where to begin.. I'm not that familiar with Greek food but I do know the gyros and lamb is their specialty. Also, you can't come to Greektown and not try their Greek salad. Too many choices on the menu and my eyes become fixed on the Family Style Dinners for $20.95 per person. The great thing about prix fixe meals is that you no longer have to exercise your brain to make a choice and possibly regret later AND you always get more food than if you had ordered each separately. So I've narrowed it down to Family Style #1 and Family Style #2.  Both include - Starters of Saganaki and Taramosalata - Greek salad - Gyros for the appetizer - Side dish of rice pilaf and potato - Baklava, Galaktoburiko,and Karidopita (dessert & coffee) The main difference between the two is their entrees. Family Style #1 consists of roasted leg of lamb, mousaka, dolmades, and meatballs and Family Style #2 consists of chicken riganati, pastichio, dolmades, and meatballs. Back to first thought process, Greek is known for their lamb. Family Style #1 it is! Now on top of this order, we each order a cup of soup. I ordered the Avgolemono (chicken broth, rice and egg-lemon) since I had been craving this soup ever since I quit my job in Hoffman Estates (used to frequent Greek Village Taverna). My boyfriend ordered the Psarosoupa (seafood gumbo). Yes, it does sound like a LOT of food, doesn't it? But keep in mind we had each only eaten a half bagel all day. The first to arrive is our soups. Hmm yumm. We're happily munching on the bread and dipping it in our soups. Then we get our starters. The Saganaki (grilled cheese) and Taramosalata (Greek style caviar spread) were both excellent. We start to realize we're in trouble with all the bread and pita we've consumed and tell the waiter to pack the rest to go since it was soo good. Next came the gyros. We take a few bites and ask to wrap up the remainder so we could still have room to eat the main course! The waiter is just about to bring the entrees when he realizes he forgot the salad. The salad was a great balance to all the bread, cheese, caviar, and gyros we had eaten.  At last the main course (this plate is a full meal in itself and probably all I needed to order). The lamb, eggplant casserole, and rice was extremely good but sadly, I was too full to enjoy. Again, took to go. The waiter asked if he should just put the desserts in a bag and bring out the coffees. We decided to be troopers and asked him to bring out one share of desserts and packed the other half to go. I'm happy we did because the desserts were amazing and I was able to enjoy a few bites. We left with a total of four baggies. A little embarrassing but excellent money spent! FREE valet parking if case you missed it from the pictures.
