This review begins a new era: The one when Matt L. attempts to not write reviews that either get flagged or personally offend anyone. God damnit, this era sucks, I can tell already. So The Gage... it was pricey, with bang up friendly service, but mixed execution on the food. It deserves a 3.5 for a creative menu. Poutine: This was the first poutine I ever tried. I'd get it again here or elsewhere. The Gage's had little bits of elk meat in the gravy, consistent with the rest of the menu's exotic offerings (antelope tartar, saddle of elk, fried bald eagle, braised baby seal, tuna net dolphin carpaccio, etc.) Mussels (in vindaloo sauce): Not bad. Not amazing. Sorry, that's all I got. Scallops: Served with something else that gave them an interesting smoky flavor. I only had a bit of one, but I'm not sure I could eat a whole lot of this dish. The smokiness was a tad overpowering. Risotto of the day: Since I've become a bit of a risotto slut in recent months, I had to ask our server about this dish. Turns out it was broccoli rabe, salsify, and radish. It sounded a bit bitter, but the server assured me it wasn't. He was right, but I'm still not sure it was a proper vegetable pairing for risotto. The plating of the dish was abysmal though, which kind of troubled me. Granted there aren't too many ways to put damp rice on a dish, but this looked like the lunch lady in the cafeteria with a cigarette hanging out of her mouth slopped a bunch of mystery food on a plate and passed it over the counter to me. There was no garnish (outside of the radish which I believe was left raw), nor any grated parmesan offered. Coffee and Doughnuts dessert: Again, a rather original idea that could have been better. Small dark chocolate profiteroles arrived in a dish. The waiter poured the "coffee" on top of them tableside. The coffee was a creamy, sweet, coffee-flavored sauce. It sounded excellent, but fell a little short in the flavor department. I also had a cup of real coffee, which was magnificent. I had to ask the waiter what they were brewing. Turns out it was Julius Meinl. Damn you Julius! Why won't you open up a shop in Ukie, you selfish bastard??? In conclusion, I'd come back to try some more of the fun meats offered at The Gage, but it's a little pricey, so I'll probably wait until my Enron stock bounces back.
