Short Version: I am very torn about this place because there are some great things, but then there are things that I think are pretty bad for how much it costs to stay here. I booked three nights for a standard king. Long Version:I'll start off with the good:1. The door man, and I cannot remember his name but you'll know him when you see him: he was suuuuper nice and remembered my name after the first time we met. The valet guys and the guy who helped me take my luggage to my room were all nice and accommodating.2. I was afraid the location was a little too far north, but it was actually at an ideal spot. I was able to run to the lake, walk to Millennium Park and there are stores everywhere. It was really convenient for me and at night it was nice to just walk around the neighborhood.3. The bed was so comfortable and the tub was great for relaxing. Part of the reason I chose the hotel was for the tub.Now for the bad:1. As someone else said, this place needs a "facelift." My room showed a lot of wear and tear, especially the shower. I had to forcefully open and close the door every time because it had this weird rubber stopper on it that was falling off.2. You have to pay for wi-fi: $10/day. I just think that's really steep, especially since other hotels that aren't as fancy give it to you for free.3. The bed doesn't have a fitted sheet. I think that is so weird and you can just see the mattress from certain angles. And flat sheets never stay put, so with one pull you're all of a sudden on the mattress.4. I paid $45 a night for parking and I found out later that they just park the car outside somewhere nearby. I thought it would be indoors at the hotel. If I had known that I would have just parked in a parking garage because the whole point was so that my car would be in a building and close by. I had to wait 30 minutes for my car (even though I called down for it 15 minutes before and they assured me it would be there in 10 minutes). Also, my clock and radio surface is warped so I can barely read the time.None of these things are horrible, but for a place that touts itself as a luxury hotel and charges that much money for a night, I just don't think it's worth it at all.
