All I have to say is...considering this place is on the Mag Mile, it's a pretty decent bargain. Table of 3...8pm on a Friday night. No wait! I will say though...I believe this place is a cross of Avec and Mado. Communal tables. It was ok...a little cramped...and I didn't really bond with any other people sitting at my table...nor did my companions. Communal dining? I'd say I'm not really a fan. If I were at a cheapies place like Wagamama in London, I'd be fine...but seeing how I spent more that $10 on dinner...no. As for the menu... --A bottle of wine? Yes, please. And bc we were all indecisive about what we wanted, the waitress (friendly service!) allowed us to taste a couple types before we ordered. --Started off with the carrot, avocado, fennel salad. Honestly, I ordered this for all of us so we wouldn't feel so bad about eating meat...more like, "Let's get our serving of veggies in now!" Good salad though...I'd like to learn how to make it on my own, --Bone Marrow Spread...I have NO idea what it's truly called. The presentation...definitely was not expecting a couple pieces of bone with marrow still intact to which we had to dig it out with a little fork. I was expecting a little square side of pate. Was it tasty? Yes, delicious. My companion decided to suck all the marrow out...I would understand chicken bones but these were huge! And messy! --Pig tail. So disappointing! This could have had so much potential. Main downside. So much vinegar. That's all I could taste in the meat. Vinegar. --Pork Shoulder. Served on a bed of mashed potatoes. Tender. Melted in my mouth. Comfort food. I don't care how fatty it is or how big my hips will get after I eat a couple orders of these! Give me more!! --Pork pate. Typical pate. Yum. Pate. Mmm. Pate. I'm not really a good judge. I love all types of pate...so don't really take my word for it if it's good or not. Mmm. Pate. No dessert. Though I did picture something delicious like the chocolate bark at Mado. Well, after shelling out $ on retail therapy, I only spent $40 on dinner...just my portion. And we split it evenly...so three ppl, tip included, $120. Score! I'll be back again when I'm in the loop again.
