Our server told us that a lot of food was coming and he wasn't kidding. The 5-course Gilt City tasting menu was loaded with so much food. Yup I left at the end of our meal with a food baby. We started with the chop chop chicken salad. The salad was light and the peanut jalapeo dressing was tasty. By the size of the salad, we knew we were in for a lot of food. They happily boxed up anything we couldn't finish. If we had actually finished everything, I would've slipped deep into a food coma before dessert. The next course were the apps. The rock shrimp tempura was a really good version of honey walnut shrimp from my favorite Chinese take-out place. Crunchy small nuggets of shrimp with glazed walnuts and a creamy honey aioli. We also got the lemongrass beef lollipops, which were ny strip slices wrapped around some lemongrass. The beef was very tender and was good with the spicy chili sauce. Stomach capacity = 50%. Then the sushi course - a Mushroom Lover's Roll and a two-way spicy tuna roll. One roll for true mushroom lovers and the other for spicy fans. Both rolls were good and very filling. I'm now at about 80% and our main entrees are now rolling out. The Chicken Tobanyang was good, but my favorite dish of the night was the Adobo Braised Black Pork Belly. Hell yah! Two huge mouth watering slabs of pork belly in some tasty adobo sauce. It was pull apart fork tender with crispy edges and I wanted to eat more and more, but had to tap out. The leftovers made for an awesome lunch the next day, followed by some food coma. I had no idea what the dessert would be, since it was chef's choice, but I was happy when I saw the mochi ice cream platter. So full, but must... eat... balls. The mochi was super soft and were filled with some green tea, vanilla, red bean, and strawberry ice cream. My favorite was the vanilla mochi with the hot caramel sauce. At the end of the meal I was at 110% stuffed. The service was great and very attentive. Also as part of of our tasting, the chef de cuisine stopped by our table while we were feasting on the pork belly. I saw that crispy pata on the regular menu and I definitely want to come back to try some more porky deliciousness.
