Went here with the gf for Valentine's Day. I was pretty excited since I have never been and have heard rave reviews from close friends. -Reservations made via Open Table about a month in advance, no problems, seated immediately. Our waiter was excellent, very funny, knowledgeable, attentive. -FOOD: --Started with their signature chopped salad (as recommended by friends). The salad tasted great, had a variety of ingredients (chicken, blue cheese, bacon, avocado) that provided varying textures and tastes. My only complaint with it was that it was soaked in their vinaigrette. Some of the greens were getting a tad soggy and losing their crispness. Though overall, was pleased with the dish. --The gf ordered the lemon pepper chicken, she loved it. I tasted it, it tasted great, nice citrus kick. Our sides were the macaroni and cheese (excellent) and bbq baked sweet potato (huge!). --I ordered the filet medallion trio (I chose blue cheese, baked potato, and mushroom as crusts). I ordered them medium, though that's not exactly what I got. I cut into the first one and it was between medium-well and well-done. I cut into the second one and it was between rare and medium rare. I cut into the third one and it was definitely rare. I showed the 2 that were underdone to the waiter and he didn't seem to acknowledge that they were undercooked (to my preference), just simply asked if I want to have them re-fired. I said "yes," knowing in my head that they probably would come back out well done. I got the filets back and sure enough they were well done. I didn't really feel like asking a second time to have them cooked properly so decided to just eat what I could. --For dessert we ordered the trio: (peanut butter pie, ice cream sandwich, key lime pie). They all tasted OK, nothing I was overly impressed by. In conclusion, I hope this was just an "off-night" for the kitchen (since it was Valentine's Day). It would be pretty hard for me to return when there are so many other options for steak in Chicago.
