My boyfriend and I were visiting Chicago from New York City and Maryland respectively. While I work with recipes and food for a living, I have to say he does not normally eat at restaurants like this, so I wanted to find a place that abides by my food philosophy of local and organic eating whenever possible as well as finding a place that wouldn't be too off the wall with crazy combination that my boyfriend would never again trust me to make the food decisions in a new city. Sprout was hands down one of the best restaurants I had ever been to, and my boyfriend agrees wholeheartedly. I would say the only downside (and obviously this might be subjective and it didn't bother us but could bother some people) are that the seating is in close quarters, and the ceilings were high, creating quite a loud atmosphere. My only suggestion is 1. Don't bring children...they will be annoying to you, and most importantly to the people around you eating. Just don't do it. Don't be that guy. 2. Don't expect to go to Sprout for an intimate, QUIET dinner. Don't get me wrong, we enjoyed it. But we werent sharing our most intimate secrets with such close quarters and above average noise level. Having said that, prepare to hear nothing but AMAZING things about this meal. The menu is pre fixe. But I can tell you that there would be something for everyone on this menu since each appetizer has around 5-6 options ranging from frog legs and foie gras (not really my style) to cod and scallops (just our style and what we got). The appetizers are small, but don't think the rest of the meal will be that way. (Besides as Americans we are trained to think we only get a deal when our plates and cups runneth over instead of what we should actually be eating). The only reason I was sad my appetizer was small was because it was amazing. A seared scallop on a berry sauce of some kind with sauteed onions, fennel. It was delicious. My boyfriend had a fried circle of cod over a creamy green pepper corn sauce. Probably the best fish dish I have ever tasted. You could choose a wine flight pairing with your meal but instead we got a very reasonable bottle of a white spanish wine that was very complementary to what we got. A small course between our app and entree was a lemon and chamomile shaved ice. Served in a small bowl with a small spoon. It was refreshing and creative and, of course, left us wanting more. For an entree I got the braised short ribs over pureed parsnips and caramelized brussel sprouts and mushrooms. GOOD GOD. The Maryland eastern shore girl in me wanted to pile that on a fresh roll and enjoy what would be known as THE BEST BEEF SANDWICH in the world and pureed parsnips, although entirely underrated in the food community in my opinion were the perfect complement. My boyfriend got a rubbed bone in pork chop with pureed cauliflower (which I identified myself) and caramelized quinces. It was epic to say the least. After the entrees, we had a cheese course. Some cheese on a plate with some sort of cracker to spread it on, right? Wrong. Probably the most life changing grilled cheese sandwich that you will ever eat. Sharp (what appeared to be) white Wisconsin cheddar cheese liberally draped over oven crisped bread, with Honey crisp apple slices served with a raisin whole grain mustard dipping sauce. Did you read what I just wrote? Not only that, but they intentionally left about an inch of cheese on all sides to melt and burn off the outer edge of the sandwich. I cannot describe the deliciousness any better than I am, and I know I'm doing a piss poor job. My boyfriend was like, "YOU NEED TO MAKE THIS AT HOME" haha. I will try...but come on...that was THE best grilled cheese i've ever had. To top it off, they served it with a BEER. Victory Prima Pils to be exact. Delicious and perfectly complementary to our epic grilled cheese. Dessert was creative and delicious. I got the "corn" which was some sort of corn/bread pudding with delicious ice cream, caramel sauce, and freshly popped popcorn pieces and chocolate on top and my boyfriend got some sort of sweetly prepared beets (yes beets! He didn't even know why he ordered it) with a chocolate mousse, ginger bread cookies (i think) and ice cream. SO good. To TOP all of it off, the staff was inviting, knowledgeable and not stuffy. They knew everything about the dishes and menus when prompted and were able to give great suggestions of the wine selection for our choices. The manager, Brittany, even came over to ask how we heard about sprout, what brought us in and where else we had been to dinner while in town. (See also, my other reviews). When we are in Chicago again, I have no doubt Sprout will make our short lists of places to go. Even the price ( at $60 per person for all the food) was entirely reasonable for the culinary experience that I am not sure will be rivaled anytime soon.
