Monday was my birthday, right ... so aside from having to go get a new State I.D. and be spoiled by some long-time friends at Grand Lux for lunch ... I drank. I mean, come on, what do YOU do on your birthday ... or any day you have off? Me, I get crunk drunk! It's fun! So what in the world made me make a 9:00 reservation at Kinzie Chophouse on a Monday night is beyond my comprehension. I knew I was going to be pretty loaded by around 7:30, never mind that my bed time is 9:45! Somehow I managed to don a shirt and tie and get both shoes on the correct feet, then my date and I cabbed it the few blocks to the restaurant. I recall liking the room. It has a kind of gentleman's club feel to it, verging on warmth, but not warm like Capital Grille is. The menu is pretty basic: this is a steakhouse so look for appetizers, soups, salads and a stunning selection of steaks. I started with an impossibly wonderful Ahi tuna appetizer that came with a basket of homemade flour tortilla chips. If I hadn't been so loopy, I might have been able to accurately get the perfectly fine brunoise mixture onto the delicate chips. The tuna was perfectly seasoned and even though I was quite out of it, I remember it with my taste buds and still crave it. For the meat I ordered the bone-in Delmonico, medium rare. It was also perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked and perfectly huge. I noticed a family portion of creamed baby spinach leaves on the table, but did not try it. I had part of a warm martini to start but can only drink impossibly cold vodka martinis ... and a glass of Pinot Noir with the steak. I was hell-bent on ordering dessert, which is not in the least bit typical, but there had been no birthday cake and I knew there was no ice cream in ... but after looking at the dessert menu crossed-eyed we both declined. The service, as I recall it, was very friendly and professional ... and fast. I remember saying "Fastest steaks in the west" when the steaks came out. They took no time at all. And really, why would they, it was 10:00 PM on a Monday night and we were the only ones there. If you've been to all of the Chicago steakhouses but haven't tried Kinzie Chophouse yet, get over there. I'll see you at the bar.
