"People who count their chickens before they are hatched, act very wisely, because chickens run about so absurdly that it is impossible to count them accurately." --Oscar Wilde, Letter from Paris, dated May 1900 Why the quote? Why not? It's funny, it caught your attention, and now is about the right time to transition into something of relevance. I am a mac 'n cheese and burger eating type of guy. Irrelevant statement? Maybe, but hear me out. I love fine dining from time to time. I enjoy inventive flavor combinations, interesting plating, hard to find ingredients and the ambiance of higher end restaurants. But more times than not, I just want a big tasty burger, and a heaping, sloppy pile of cheesy pasta. Throw in some bacon, a cold beer, and some friendly company and you will find me very happy to be alive. So, it was this past weekend where we found ourselves in the dubious position of picking either being responsible by eating at home where we could eat fairly healthy and on the cheap and follow that up with a good run (we are in training for an upcoming 5K), or go out for a burger and a beer. Mr. Wilde would have been proud of our "live life to the fullest" attitude (pun intended). Mac 'n cheese is damn good here. It has been talked about ad nauseum before so I will skip that. The Wilde burger was good, but in my opinion was lacking some bite. Maybe a pickle? Maybe some sort of tangy sauce? Not sure- but it was just shy of really good. Decor is great- and the space is quite large. There was a lot of noise, but the booth we were in was cozy enough to where we weren't straining our vocal chords too much. One problem I have with this place though is that Guinness is on tap for $6/pint- and it wasn't poured very well (no waterfall). So what of my decision to blow off working out and eating healthy on Saturday night? It is probably best summed up once again by one of 19th Century's best writers, Oscar Wilde: "Good resolutions are simply checks that men draw on a bank where they have no account."
