BEST. MEAL. EVER. We made reservations 3 months ago. I saw how much it was going to cost, and it was going to be more than any meal I had ever eaten in my life. And I had heard amazing things from everyone who had been here before me. My expectations could NOT have been higher, and I'm VERY happy to say that I walked out even more satisfied than I could have imagined. Every dish was imaginative and creative, all featuring different ingredients -- very few of the components of the 20 dishes were repeats -- and a wide variety of preparations. Many of the dishes had a whimsical feel to them, and the food runners all had a light sense of humor that kept the meal from being too stuffy, which you would expect from a place this fancy (JACKETS REQUIRED!!). Only our sommelier was a bit too serious, but I guess that was understandable. As an example of the whimsy, there was a big pumpkin sitting at our table when we got there. When we were ready to start our meal, it looked like the waiter was taking the pumpkin off the table to make room for food, but when he lifted the pumpkin, there were four little squares of the most delicious pumpkin cake that I had ever had, with a bit of Thai chili for kick -- great way to start off our meal. That was followed my more and more delicious dishes, and there wasn't a clunker in the whole menu of 20 dishes! My favorites were a razor clam appetizer with XO sauce, the mushrooms with red wine sauce (probably the best mushrooms I've ever had), a Sicilian "swordfish wheel," and the famous "Hot Potato, Cold Potato" and black truffle explosion. Some dishes were small, some were larger, but the meal had so many of the best bites of food I've ever eaten before. The meal ended as uniquely as it started. The waiters came out and put a fancy, rubbery tablecloth on our wood table. Then, two chefs came out with two coconut-sized spheres (made of chocolate) and steaming, halloween-like steins (filled with liquid nitrogen). The two chefs poured the liquid nitrogen into the balls, and then followed that by covering the table with some mind-blowing fall-themed sauces -- a lingonberry sauce, a butternut squash syrup, and stout (or porter) reduction. The chefs then picked up the balls and dropped them on the table, chocolate bits and random stuff inside the balls flying everywhere on the table. It was like a frozen pinata, full of little treats like frozen french toast squares, nutmeg cotton candy, meringues, frozen cream cheese bits, and some other interesting, delicious bites that we dipped in all of the sauces. We ate it all right off the table, mostly with our hands.  The meal took four and a half hours, but felt perfectly paced with impeccable service. We got the menus at the end, but I've debated many times whether I liked seeing the menu at the end, or whether I would've liked to have known what was coming. We had heard that there were 24 courses so we kept counting them, and didn't really know how many more savory dishes were coming before desserts.  Only two drawbacks on the night: (1) they don't have a full bar, so you can't have a cocktail before or during your meal, especially considering all of the amazing cocktails I've heard are served at Aviary; and (2) the wine pairing was a ridiculous $260 per person, which was even more than the meal. While I love wine, I can't justify paying that much for a wine pairing, especially when the meal is already expensive. We did, however, enjoy two delicious bottles of red wine that the sommelier helped us pick out. I cannot recommend Alinea highly enough for a once-in-a-lifetime meal and overall experience.
