I'd been wanting to check out Longman & Eagle since I had their amazing 1st place winning offering at Baconfest last April but the opportunity didn't present itself until last weekend. I was meeting up with a friend in her hood of Logan Square and we decided to pop in for brunch there. First off--I was surprised that there was no wait. Maybe it's normal there for brunch but I come from the land of Lakeview where all the good brunch places have a half hour wait minimum. At L&E we were seated right away which made my growling tummy VERY happy. The menu had many a delicious sounding item on it but I've been attempting the whole "eating healthier" thing so I went with the French toast with apples and bourbon maple syrup rather than eggs Benedict I'd been eyeing. And because I can't go without a little salty at breakfast I also got a side of the breakfast sausage. The meal was good. Not great. The French toast itself was pretty basic, nothing special. The apples on top were spiced well and the honey crme fraiche that came with it gave it a nice sweet and soured bite. The bourbon maple syrup was delicious and it was just the right amount (a little coated on the plate, rather than drowning the whole dish). My biggest complaint were my sausages--they were cold and not really that interesting flavorwise. If I had realized that the side of those was going to set me back $5 I would have sent them back and asked for them to be reheated but ah well. The servers were on the ball and kept our water glasses and coffee cups full which is a plus. My friend got the eggs Benedict I had been itching for and she was a fan. I took a bite and the heirloom tomatoes were a nice touch but they weren't the best eggs Benedict I've ever had (although not the worst). Perhaps I went into the brunch with my expectations a bit too high after the awesome Baconfest dish I had and the excellent scores I've seen on here. I'd definitely go back here for another meal because it wasn't bad in the slightest. Just not really reaching my favorite brunch places in Chicago level yet. But I'll give it another shot. I'd also really be interested in trying it for dinner since most of the rave reviews seem to come from that.
