I passed this place constantly for the 4 years I lived in Edgewater and just never ventured in. I think it was the covered windows that threw me off. Fortunately I listened to a few seasoned Yelpers that assured me that San Soo Gab San had some yummy eats waiting for me. San Soo Gab San was such a great kick off restaurant for our new Hot Heads group. I called in a reservation for 20 people a few days before the event and though there was a bit of a language barrier the woman on the phone was very friendly. Alas the evening for our event was here and I arrived at the restaurant with my husband and another Yelper and were seated at a few floor seating tables that the restaurant provided. Wow, the restaurant smelled good...my stomach started getting rumbly as soon as I walked in. While we waited for the rest of the Hot Heads to arrive we took a gander at the menu. Quite extensive but we had pretty much decided that we would be getting the Korean BBQs...we just had to decide which ones which took a bit of time as they had quite a few to choose from. Once the bulk of our group arrived we soon found out that the tables that we were given wouldn't accommodate everyone in the party. After a brief conversation with the hostess we were given a bigger area. Score! 22 of us filled the 3 huge tables we were given and then we happily started deciding what yummy eats we would be getting. Once orders were placed, drinks and side dishes started coming out and soon the meats! There is something about a grilled meat that just does it for me. They put charcoal grills right in your table and you just start tossing meat on. Love it. Along with the BBQ you also get various small dishes. Sauces, lettuce, rice, kimchee, potato salad, soup, etc. The food was so good and very satisfying. We got a good tip from someone who had been to the restaurant before...always order one less Korean BBQ then the number of people eating the BBQ. There were 8 of us at a table so we ordered 7 BBQs...great tip because that was just enough food to fill our bellies. I have to say that this is definitely a great place to hold a big event. Even though we had a group of 22 they took care of us very well. The only snafu was that we thought we had arranged for there to be one check per table and in the end they split up our three tables onto two checks. What? We ended up just having each table put in what they owed and combined the money which worked out fine. Will I be back? Hell yeah! Would a bring a huge group? Hell no! Oh, no...wait...I mean...Hell yeah! Thanks San Soo Gab San for making this event go off without a hitch!
