So last year around this time.. I was planning a trip for our 8 yr anniversary... since I hadn't been to Chicago in awhile, I decided this is were would would go. So I get on the trusty ole' computer and sign on to my faithful YELP.COM... I look up the Chicago sight, and BAM! at the top of the list... Alinea. I read several reviews and I am sold! I get on the phone and make a reservation, about a month and half away from our anniversary I was fortunate enough that they have an opening the day prior to our anniversary, so take it, these guys are booked solid, can't pass up this opportunity, right? I pretty much have the trip planned, this is going to be a foodie journey, Alinea, Moto,Blackbird, Avec, Burt's Place, Perry's, Silver Palm, Super Doug's and then fly back home.... so Alinea is first, the plan is to fly out the morning of the reservation, get to the hotel freshen up relax and get ready for our special evening, we can hardly wait.... So the morning of our departure... we wake up late and miss our 6:30AM flight... okay let's not freak out... we'll standby hopefully we can get on the next one... 10am... nope, 12pm... nope...2pm...:(... 4pm... announcement "next three flights to Chicago are canceled!!!!!" WHAT!!! We have no choice but call the restaurant and cancel our special anniversary dinner :(... they are booked solid for the next three days that we'll be in town...we get a new flight for the next morning same time...and figure oh well maybe next time... So we arrive on time and fly out... we arrive relax for awhile, walk downtown go to Perry's for an awesome Pastrami sandwich, and my wife makes the obligatory trek to H&M.... while we're there I get a call from Alinea... they've had a cancellation for 6:30pm tonight... it's 3:30, I say YES, and drag my wife out of the store and hurry back to the hotel so she can take her mandatory 2 hrs to get ready journey....finally we make it! (had to cancel reservations at Avec, but reschedule for lunch the next day.) So we arrive at the brownstone building with really nothing to identify it as Alinea, other than a valet guy right outside... we walk in to Star Ship Enterprise's walkway... I have no idea where I'm going, LOL we walk a few steps and a door to the left opens, we are greeted by name at the door by the hostess and follow her to our table, a bottle of wine is waiting for us as I had this arranged earlier. Let the experience commence.... English Pea, Shad Roe, distillation of thai flavors, Pork Belly, Sturgeon, King Crab, Duck, Hot Potato, Tournedo, Black Truffle, Earl Grey, Chocolate... and bubblegum... our menu.... AMAZING. The best meal I have ever EXPERIENCED, not had, EXPERIENCED! Don't think there is anything else I can say..... I will say this... I can't believe it took me soo long to write my review, I almost feel ashamed, but I did it because after watching Andrew Zimmern's Bizarre Foods this past week, and seeing him experience what we did when went, it's as if I relived the entire experience again. The words he used to describe this place were 1000% exact. Everyone must try Alinea.
