There's little that requires emphasis in the description of a Wine Bar operating as a Restaurant. Of course, Bin 36 humbly embodies the principles of establishing itself as a fine dining establishment, while holding true to it's wine bar roots. The decor: The interior atmosphere of Bin 36 is best described as posh meets tranquility. The spacious and somewhat cavernous establishment is segmented into three primary sections. At immediately entry, patrons will be greeted in the "store" area of Bin 36. In the store front section, patrons can also view the various array of wines available for purchase. To the immediate right, is the hosting area for the wine bar and cheese station. At the cheese station, the various arrays of cheese offerings ranging from Pecorino, Gorgonzola, Bree, etc are on full display for patronage view. In the final segment of Bin 36 hosts the dining area. The widely spacious interior of the establishment helps to embody the lively vibe the restaurant is offered through its general consumer base. Patrons will find the decor of Bin 36 to have a vibrant yet humbling feel, whether they're attending the establishment for a glass of wine or an elegant dinner. The Wine: Sampling Flight of "Sexy Reds"... 1st Sampling: 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon/Cabernet Franc, Anjou Rouge, "Clos Fremur", Loire Valley, France - The least potent of the four offerings in the sample, the Sauvignon/Franc blend contained a well balanced texture that's complemented extremely well with a subtle taste of berries. The wine also offered a sublime hint of mineral notes, which aided in the enhancement of the subtle but elegant texture of the wine. 2nd Sampling: 2006 (Zweigeit) Zantho, Burgenland, Austria - A transition to a medium body wine than that of the Sauvignon/Franc blend, the Zantho offered a proper balance between subtle and brash. The taste of the wine offered a medium body and rich texture from the dark grapes in the application. Patrons will also note that the Zantho offers a luscious berry taste that's enhanced by a mild tobacco spice. 3rd Sampling: 2006 Petite Sirah, Windmill, Lodi, California - A more full bodied wine, the Petite Sirah offered a more luscious black grape flavor, thus enhancing the body and structure of this sampling. Patrons will find that the black fruit used in this application are enhanced by the bittersweet chocolate. What brings the Petite Sirah to full compilation is the mild detection of minerals to the tasting. Although the black fruit did offer a milk contrast to the bittersweet chocolate, both elements worked to enhance the full body nature of the Petite Sirah. 4th Sampling: 2007 Zinfandel, Grayson, Central Coast, California - Perhaps the highest embody in both texture and flavor of the "Sexy Reds" sampling, the Zinfandel did not disappoint. With a robust and hearty texture that engulfs the palate, the Zinfandel provides the proper finish to the sampling. Rich dark colored grapes found in the Central Coast of California gives the Zinfandel it's dark pigmentation and fully bodied flavor. Patrons will find that the tasting of this Zinfandel offers a heavy scent of pepper that's accompanied by a mild detection of oak. Cheese Sampling: 4 Cheeses... 1st Cheese: Buffalo Mozzarella - Failed to deliver the essence of a truly fresh Buffalo Mozzarella. At first bite, patrons will find that the coarse texture of the cheese to be palpable in comparison to its soft and buttery nature. In addition to the textural disparity, the lingering essence of the brine used to soak the Mozzarella di Bufala further distorted the taste by diluting the buttery and creaminess of the cheese. 2nd Cheese: Brillat Savarin - Perhaps the most "burdensome corpulent" of the cheeses, the Brillat Savarin did not disappoint. With its 75% butterfat content, the cheese simply melts when it meets the palate. Aiding in the butterfat of the cheese is the contrasting unami flavor that's derived from a mild detection of mushrooms. The fungi produced a subtle earthiness that helps balance out the heavy nature of the Brillat Savarin. 3rd Cheese: Robiola Langhe - A mildly bittersweet and older counterpart to Fresh Robiola, the Langhe contained the smooth texture that's commonly noted from this cow's milk cheese. Patrons will find that although the cheese possesses a mild bitter nature, the texture derived from the cheese's creaminess allows for the palate to welcome such bitterness. 4th Cheese: Parmigiano Reggiano - Failed to introduce the essence of a true Parmigiano Reggiano. This younger version of the cheese lacked the robust flavor and saltiness that's common of an older (ie: 3 Year or 5 Year) version. With its lack of crystallization, the Parmigiano Reggiano failed to deliver the pungent and brash flavor for which the cheese is known. Ultimate, the cheese felt bland and contained a mushy texture. Lasting note on Bin 36... Go for the wine, avoid the cheese!
