I would NEVER come back to this place again. The place is cramped, loud, and the service was terrible. Where to begin.... We were seated pretty quickly and that was the high point of the evening. We finished looking at the menus right before the tables on either sides of us just got seated. The waiters brought both tables glasses of water except for us. We sat there starring blankly at each other until 10 minutes later after the waiter took the orders of one of the couples next to us did he decide to come up to us and ask us what we wanted to drink. We ordered drinks and food at the same time, we ordered the egg roll special (a combination of 2 veggie rolls and 2 meat ones), I ordered Pho and my boyfriend ordered the pineapple calamari per the suggestion of one Yelper.  The egg rolls came out and by that time I was starving and have lowered my taste standards dramatically. To my disappointment it was not low enough to like their food. Their egg rolls were bland and tasted the same from one another. At this point I was a little peeved that the waiter gave two free cocktails to the table next to us on the house because of their long "wait" time. My boyfriend and I looked at each other with the most confused look ever and we already knew what we were thinking....how the hell did they get a drink on the house for a long wait time when we they sat down about 10 minutes after us and was served first? After that the food came and the pho portion was quite small compared to other pho places that I have been to, tough it tasted OK but definitely not good. Here's the comes the point when we felt that the place absolutely sucked: When my boyfriend was halfway through his pineapple calamari he found a big piece of plastic shard in his mouth and showed the waiter. The waiter took the shard walked to the front and came back 5 minutes later and asked us if he wanted something else. By this time he has already lost his appetite so he declined.  We were thinking that the owner would decide on comping this one but nope...no apologies...nothing. He could have choked or cut his mouth on that! I was in awe that people actually liked this place, I would drive the extra minutes and hit Argyle for more authentic food and better service any day! After that night we have decided to name this place "Simply Sh*t".
