Although I have been here before this is my first trip experiencing the main dining room (in the past I neglected to make reservations and was shunned to the Oyster Bar... Not a bad look but not the main dining room either). Determined not to repeat my past errors I reserved my table via Yelp! and I am happy I did so; it's packed in here!! I received a confirmation via email within minutes and when I arrived I was escorted to my table. My server, Amee, was impeccable! Her drink knowledge was extensive and she even introduced me to Effen Black Cherry. Her demeanor was confident yet welcoming and her service was both attentive and expedient. When it came to my meal I had no dilemmas, however, I did wonder about the Stone Crab and she immediately chimed in, "Do the 1 piece since you are doing the Oyster Sampler" and she was correct! Not only did I not make myself look like a glutton I also appreciated the single claw all the more. Dinner consisted of the Nantucket Cape Combination (Nantucket Cape Scallops, Garlic Shrimp, Maryland Style Crab Cake) and I could not have been happier! The scallops were seasoned and cooked perfectly! Often scallops are over or under cooked and appear hard and rubbery. This was not the case. They were melt in your mouth good and the only thing wrong with them was there weren't a plate full! The Garlic Shrimp and Maryland Style Crab were equally good but I am a sucker for a great scallop and they won me over at first bite. I was seated next to a couple celebrating their 1st anniversary. They were a cute and rather entertaining couple who have undergone some major challenges in the past year but did not let that deter them from seeing the silver lining. The trip to Shaw's was planned a year in advance as they are natives but decided to spend their anniversary as a "stay-cation" of sorts with a hotel room downtown and a trip to their favorite restaurant. We chatted throughout the meal and they were extremely pleasant. Their meal concluded with Amee bringing out two desserts with the Happy Anniversary inscribed on the plate with chocolate. As I finished my entree Amee returned with Shaw's signature Key Lime Pie and exclaimed, "We didn't want you to feel left out" as she placed it on the table. I was flabbergasted. floored. shocked. and amazed. I didn't know what to say. I was surprised beyond imagination and all I could muster was 'WOW!!' and a bewildered thank you. Typically not a fan of key lime pie I decided to indulge out of respect and humility. I am glad I did! It was sweet and not as tart as I expected or have previously experienced. This was the perfect crescendo for a wonderful meal. Amee was great and I can't wait to make my next visit to the Chi to take a seat in the dining room once again. (Naturally, I will reserve through Yelp!)
