I stayed at the Palmer House for my wedding last weekend. The experience was just fine, but not outstanding. If it were just me and my husband for a weekend, I might give it 4 or even 5 stars, because -It's beautiful -The rooms are lovely and clean, albeit a bit dark -Beds are super clean and comfy -Great location -Friendly, helpful bell staff -Great room deal However, I was arranging lodging for my wedding party with 5 rooms. The very cool and detached attitude by the staff left me nervous that my older/international guests would have problems with the impersonal service or that the end of my stay would be marred by a billing problem . We booked 5 rooms for myself and my wedding party and our guests booked another 6-7 rooms. When we booked and paid for the 5 rooms, I asked if any of the rooms had a mini-fridge (for my cake) and the front desk agent looked past me and said, "no that's an extra $40/night" After spending $2500, I felt a little put out. Later, I was checking a room quote for a friend and noticed that the rate for an executive level room was just $15 more a night. I wrote the concierge and asked if I could upgrade. I was initially told that I would have to pay an extra $40 to upgrade. Unless of course I cancelled and re-booked. I had to write 3 emails to get a response to this. I would have paid for upgrades for all the rooms at $15, but that was not an option. The final resolution was a free upgrade for myself and the assurance that the concierge was available to handle any needs I had.  I needed to change the names on a couple rooms and each time I called the Front Desk, I was on hold for 20 minutes. Each conversation started witht he agent telling me they couldn't change it because I booked it elsewhere, then I would insist that I confirmed and PAID at the Palmer directly, more time on hold, and then changing the name. Finally, I emailed a list of guests to the concierge a couple days before the event, in case people got lost or had a problem with their reservation. It was met with radio silence. All in all, everything worked out. But it was nerve-wracking! Great hotel for a romantic weekend, but try a smaller one for a group.
