This sprawling meat metropolis had me at Texas. Of all the South American meat enclaves I've frequented in Chicago over the years- --Fogo de Chao, Brazazz, Zed 451 and the place that used to be Zed 451--- Texas de Brazil wins, hands down. I met Aise W. there on a not-so-busy Monday night and we were ready to put a serious hurtin' on our bellies. However, she had a plan of action to make this task more enjoyable and I did not. Will explain later. Our first order of business was to tag team the salad bar. Fresh salads, asparagus, olives, smoked salmon, lobster bisque, a bevy of dressings and other choice salad bar fixins got us primed and ready for the meat ambush. I took a few sips of my refreshing caipirinha and inhaled deeply before flipping my disk into "bring on the meat " mode. Handsome Gauchos wielding long, sharp knives appeared from everywhere with garlic steak, filet mignon, lamb chops, sausage and more. Even after I flipped my disk for them to stop, they came anyway! So I ate and ate and ate until I just wanted to roll myself up in a big 'ol ball and die.  I looked over at Aise, who calmly told me she had a plan which included eating lightly throughout the day and then pacing herself once she got there.  Gee, I wish I would have thought to do that. As she happily flipped her disk back over and partook in round two, I sat there wistfully and nibbled on the scrumptious plantains and creamy mashed potatoes. Even though I gorged myself early on and had to tap out, I still really enjoyed this meal. The meat was seasoned perfectly, our server was charming and delightful, the gauchos made it rain with meat and the ambiance and decor were exquisite. I visited two churrascurrias when I was in Rio and the only difference is that those restaurants had seafood, as well. I ain't gonna lie--TDB is expensive, but Aise had a Groupon which we went half on so it was affordable. This place is a class act, great for dates, groups and even families with young children. I will be back!
