Sadly, I'm deducting two stars for a once-beloved venue that featured one of the better incarnations of my not-so-guilty pleasure: fried chicken. I had one of those $10 A La Cards that would expire on 12/31. I hate seeing coupons wasted so I made a reservation for BJ for a Tuesday night in December, which was the night they featured their vaunted fried chicken special. I hadn't been there in a while, so I called the day before to confirm that they were still serving fried chicken on Tuesdays. Turns out that they serve it 5 days a week! The bad news: it's now served at lunch, M-F, as their Boarding House prix-fixe lunch. Well, I work M-F, as does a good deal of the population, so that posed a problem; I canceled my reservation and had to figure out an alternate plan. The week after Xmas is slow in our office so I decided to burn through a vacation day that Friday, all in the name of feasting on fried chicken and using up my soon-to-be-expired coupon. I enlisted my fellow-fried-chicken-fanatic friend, Jennifer I, to embark on the feast with me. We made a reservation and we were all set. She arrived before I did and already had an iced tea and I ordered their lemonade. After about 10 minutes, I had to politely remind our server that I still hadn't gotten it, and after another couple of minutes, he brought it over. All would be forgiven once I dug into my fried chicken... The Boarding House lunch, at $16, is a pretty sweet deal, featuring fried chicken (duh), biscuits and cornbread, mashed potatoes, red beans and rice, voodoo greens, and sweet potato pie for dessert. The only caveat is that it requires total table participation. Momentary panic set in when it occurred to me that perhaps Jennifer would not be in the mood for fried chicken that particular day, leaving me no choice but to order something else and well as tearfully have to end our friendship on the spot. I needn't have worried; she is my comrade in all things fried chicken, so we both gleefully placed our orders. Our server proclaimed it would take 30 minutes, which we were fine with; we weren't in a hurry and good fried chicken takes time. The odd thing was that it seemed like he was trying to talk us out of ordering it. As if! The chicken arrives and looks fantastic. 8 pieces of plump, golden, crispy fried chicken are set down in front of us. We both immediately reach for a breast, help ourselves to the sides (except for the biscuits which hadn't arrived; more on that later) and dig in. After the beautiful crust was eaten, we started in on the rest, only to realize it was undercooked. It wasn't chicken tartare, but I'm pretty sure properly cooked chicken isn't supposed to be pink. As much as we didn't want to, we had to send it back. We called the waiter over and had him take a look at the chicken. He acknowledged that it looked pink and took our plates away. In all fairness, the rest of the pieces were fine so we ate those while we waited for the breasts to be replaced. He came back several minutes later and explained that chef told him that they go by the internal temperature of the chicken and that they were satisfied that it was cooked properly, but as a courtesy, they dropped it back in the fryer for a few more minutes. We still maintain that properly cooked chicken should not be pinkish-grey, but we appreciated that they "humored" us by cooking it a bit longer. When our plates were brought back, the sides that we previously heaped on them were gone, but no offer to bring more was made. Bummer, but I wanted to concentrate on my chicken anyway. We weren't even sure we were brought out our respective pieces (how did they know whose piece was whose?) but again, we let it slide. Luckily, Jen and I often swap spit (no, not really) so we're okay with each other's germs. Again, the chicken was STILL undercooked. We didn't want to deal with it again, so we just ate the parts that were okay, but really, wtf? It's also about this time that we realize we hadn't yet gotten our biscuits, so we ask about them. Server promises they're coming. Another 20 minutes go by and he assures us that they're "still baking." By now we've long since finished our food. After that every time our server passes our table he won't make eye contact with us, because, as you guessed it, there's still no biscuits. Oh, but we're not giving up. We want our biscuits! By now it's almost comical, but we still decide they're worth waiting for. Server drops off our dessert, which oddly, has now turned into bread pudding instead of sweet potato pie. The bread pudding is sprinkled with nuts (which I can't eat), so I push my bread pudding to the side, still eagerly anticipating those biscuits. Biscuits finally come with the check. We asked to get them wrapped and settle up. They didn't end up taking the A La Card as it's not valid with prix-fixe, but comp our drinks. Fine, but after 2.5 hours and the other issues, it was too little, too late.
