I was blown away by the negative reviews that this hotel has.  Yes, it was previously a Days Inn that just happened to be situated in between the prettiest waterfront in town AND the magnificent mile. Yes, the glitter wall with the giant W at the driveway (which was very poorly designed, by the way) was very tacky, as were the (skankily dressed) non-hotel guests and visitors of the Living Room who loitered around the reception area on Friday and Saturday nights, making it almost impossible to navigate through the crowd and into the bank of elevators. As a side note - the vibe that I got from the lobby is very similar to that of the V Bar at Hotel Valencia, and the skankily dressed non-hotel guests and visitors remind me of San Jose's Santana Row's clientele: cougars on the prowl and 50-y.o dudes with 20-y.o golddigging arm candies. Nothing beats the feel of home when you are a few thousand miles away. And I do think the attempt to put a "W" on anything and everything was a tad overdone.  But in all fairness, they did a good job transforming a dying and derelict Days Inn into a hip hangout joint. The cacophony stopped right there in the lobby. I got the peace and quiet that I wanted in my room on level 20th, with an amazing view of the frosty Lake Michigan and Navy Pier. The bed was comfortable (although the odd-looking soft black furry cube soon found its place on the floor), the toiletries are from the phenomenal Bliss Spa, and there was lots and lots of natural light. I even like the window to the bathroom - although I don't know if I'd feel the same way if I wasn't traveling alone, since I'm not much of an exhibitionist. The service was consistently satisfactory. Need a dental kit? Done - someone was already at the front door with an assortment of toothpaste / toothbrush / dental floss / mouthwash within 5 minutes. Need a late check out? Done - 2PM. Want more of those awesome Bliss toiletries (who doesn't love freebies)? Done - no questions asked. Lastly, those who complained about lack of proper storage system need to spend a week in a Manhattan hotel and then revisit their assessment. And oh, 9 out of 10 hotels charge for wi fi. Get over it.
