After a scheduling snafu (the Redhead's) and car trouble (the Blonde's), the second dinner outing of Yelpettes finally took place. Even gale force winds and torrential rainstorms couldn't damper our enthusiasm at finally making it to Davanti Enoteca. Thankfully we chose to go here on a Monday night of a holiday week, wishfully thinking we'd avoid the throngs of people that have descended upon this place, but despite the weather, the holiday, and the fact that it was a traditionally slow night in the restaurant world, this place was packed. First off, I wasn't aware that DE didn't offer valet parking and shame on me for not checking into that before. I did know that most of this area was permit parking only, so I just assumed that they'd have valet, as a result, I lost a few precious minutes driving around looking for a spot, regretfully keeping my two lovely dinner companions waiting, which always makes me antsy and anxious. I arrived to find both of them sitting at the bar, already enjoying some wine, and then I was duly informed that we were still in for quite a wait for a table - I believe we were quoted 45 minutes. Since we were already committed to eating there, we decided to suck it up and wait, which gave us time to enjoy some more wine and catch up. The heavens apparently parted and our table was ready in about 10 minutes, which was a welcome relief than the original length of time we were told. The hostess led us to the back of the restaurant and we were seated by all the bottles of wine artfully stacked under the brick archways. I absolutely loved the rustic, but charming layout of this space. Our server came over and brought menus and explained to us that their concept is small plates meant for sharing. He also made some recommendations of his favorite items and then left us to our decision making. We immediately zeroed in on an insalate of burratta, roasted tomatoes, and pesto to start and then began tossing around suggestions for the rest of our shared feast. The salad was brought out quickly and it was a big hit with us, but really, when is burratta not good? Every bite was creamy from the cheese, smoky from the tomato, and salty from the pesto. Winner! After much back and forth, we knew we wanted to try as many components of the menu as possible and settled on an antipasti of truffle egg toast / fontina / asparagus, a giant raviolo of ricotta, egg and spinach. a sausage and rapini pizza, and an oven roasted strip steak with arugula and sea salt. All of our selections began arriving and we began to dig in. We loved the truffle egg toast, which had just the amount of truffle oil and a perfectly cooked egg yolk nestled in a thick piece of eggy toast. That was probably my favorite dish. The strip steak was flavorful and juicy, and made even more delicious served alongside the peppery arugula. The raviolo was a Flintstone-sized square of pasta with a light filling of spinach and ricotta in a pool of creamy egg yolk. It was rich, but not overpowering. My only "meh" was the pizza, but by the time I got around to eating it I was plenty full. I love rapini in all its bitter glory, but I think they were perhaps a bit heavy-handed with it because that's all I tasted. I was too stuffed to really savor dessert but my two dining companions shared scoops of vanilla and hazelnut gelato as well as a torta bacio (chocolate-hazelnut mousse) and encouraged me to try some. Judging by their oohs and ahhs, I'd say they were enjoying it, but as I looked around, I noticed that I wasn't brought a spoon, so my pleasure was momentarily delayed while a spoon was sought out. I only sampled the vanilla gelato and while it was good, it sounded like I should have tried the other dessert they ordered, but it's just as well; I didn't want to start any fights over the last spoonful. All in all, Davanti Enoteca is definitely worth trying, especially with a group so you can sample as many of their offerings as possible. Wine prices are reasonable - they sell bottles at retail + $7.00 corkage. I will be back for sure. Highly recommend!
