How overrated. I have been to Meli's twice and left with nothing but disappointment. And I wanted it to be good... I moved 3 blocks away! My first visit was during the week. As a result, there was no wait. However, we were told upon being seated that the credit card machine didn't work... so we had to walk down the street and come back with cash. Upon being seated everything seems clean, cute, and cozy. I order the *pancakes with berries and my friends gets the *Eggs Benedict. The coffee was poor. The food average. The worst part was the service. Despite not being busy at all, we had to ask for coffee refills and were never asked if everything was ok. Visit number two. Sunday morning- I should have known better? We arrive about 11 and are told it's a 20 minute wait. Seems short for as many people are standing outside so- awesome! 30 minutes later we ask for an update and are told 15 more minutes. At this point I'm upset, but willing to wait. There was clearly a preference to seat tables of larger parties first as tables were combined and held to seat large parties before couples. Additionally, when seated the list at the podium had at least 4 other couples who had arrived 10 spots or further down from us, crossed out. I would assume they had just left and stopped waiting; however I was watching people being seated and know that's not the case. I ordered the *Chevre skillet. It was deflated and absolutely loaded with sundried tomatoes. They drowned out any other flavor. The chevre was in a giant gob in the center. Maybe this was intended? It wasn't balanced. My potatoes were also way underdone. To be sure, I made my boyfriend eat one because he claimed his were fine. I suppose my skillet was done first and shriveled while waiting for the potatoes. My toast was served practically as bread too. I was too upset to complain at this point though. I wanted to offer a saving grace to them and ordered a mixed *carrot juice to go, since that's soooo good? Good thing I eat things only because they're healthy sometimes! The boyfriend's *Steak and Eggs were good. He thought the eggs tasted "off." He suggested they may have honey in them. I wouldn't be surprised at this place. Gross? He said his medium breakfast steak was really good. While I found it flavorful, it was clearly a cheap piece of meat VERY tenderized. His toast was done properly though! Jealous! Our waitress was great for what it's worth. The combination of poor seating and mediocre food with a $20/head price tag was just such a disappointment. Go to M Henry!
