Shh! Don't tell anyone about this incredible place! When a restaurant gets it right, I have to rave, and The Purple Pig gets it right! Being an Iowa Girl, I love pork. They obviously love it too. From the name throughout the menu they have honored swine.   I started with "Pork-Fried Almonds with Rosemary" served warm in a bowl, accompanied by a chocolatey-nutty dark beer while I waited for my friend to arrive. She was hungry and we both wanted to try so many things that we opted not to have a traditional dinner, but instead sample a number of smaller items. This was easy to do. Three-quarters of the menu is geared toward the casual diner with excellent selections of antipasti, schmears, and a whole section of "fried items". We ordered "Beets with Goat Cheese & Pastachios" and "Baby Artichokes & Fingerling Potatoes", but the coup-de-gras was the "Roasted Bone Marrow with Herbs"!!! Okay. Beets and Bone Marrow? You either love them or hate them. I love them and I will go back again and again just to have them the way The Purple Pig makes them. It will be hard because I want to try everything on the whole menu--that's how much I trust them in the kitchen. If they can win me over a couple of really distinctive dishes, I know they've figured out the best way to serve the rest!   Now for the rest of the good news. Their location is a god-send for me. I work on Mag Mile and, although there are some great restaurants in the hood, they all seem to have that touristy bend to them. You'll find tourists at the Pig, too, I'm sure, but this place has a different feeling. The focus seems to be on the food and drink not on packing in the tourists or on money, money, money. The prices and portions are reasonable for the location. They've hired good people. Everyone was professional. They're a bit small in size (perfect to my taste-never liked big cavernous places) so it gets filled quickly and they don't take resos. Outdoor seating is much quieter than the inside, even with the sirens and street noise. Thanks for a great Mag Mile option!!!
