Miss Finland and I had such a good experience in September, we decided to see if the proverbial food lightning would strike twice. By golly and by gosh, it was even better. Try as I might, I cannot find any reason to deduct even one half a star from today's experience. As usual, I was early for our appointment. I was greeted by a friendly waitress within 30 seconds of sitting down, who dropped off two menus and two glasses of water, each glass with a slice of cucumber floating delicately and tastefully. She asked if I wanted something while I was waiting. (No alcohol here - BYOB only.) I was going to order standard American-style coffee when I noticed Algerian coffee listed under the selections. I inquired about that. She asked if I would like it light, medium, or strong. I said, is it similar to Turkish coffee, because I do like that? She said, yes, but that they added cardamom. So I had that, and it was very similar to Turkish - fairly thick, not so sweet, and with that hint of cardamon. Excellent. When Miss Finland arrived, she ordered mint tea. It comes in a short glass with mint leaves floating, and a pot of tea. The presentation was beautiful. She said she liked it very much. It reminded me a lot of the way mint tea used to be served in Israel, way back when. Miss Finland ordered the Chicago Crepe, which I had had last time, and I chose the Carthage Crepe. Both came with a cup of vegetable soup, which was creamy and delicious. The waitress told us the ingredients, but I forget. There was a slight smoky taste we couldn't identify, but enjoyed very much. Also excellent. The crepes were beautifully-presented and absolutely delicious. Each had a small slice of grapefruit, banana, and strawberry on the plate. Absolutely no complaints. We decided to order a dessert crepe, so we chose to share something that had chocolate, banana, nut and coconut. Could not have been better. Excellent service, food, unique atmosphere, reasonable prices - what more could you want? We were both very happy that we chose to return. Definitely will go again. There are still lots of crepes we haven't tried! FYI, for the gluten intolerant, there was a note on the menu that everything could be made gluten-free. You'll have to get the review on that option from someone else.
