I'm attaching my review from TripAdvisor. I love this hotel. I just find it very charming. I love the new decor, and the location is great. Front desk staff is always friendly and helpful. Valet's good too - there was this guy Chuck at the valet when I stayed here a few months ago and he was just the nicest guy. Haven't seen him the last 2 times I stayed here though. Also ordered room service for breakfast once and it was great. Like others have mentioned, the rooms (and sinks and closets) are definitely smaller, but in my opinion they're enough for 2. I've stayed here with my partner for over a week before and we had everything we needed (although a microwave would have been nice). It just sort of feels like living in New York, you have to be neat and make sure every space is being used. I've also stayed at the King suite before - nice separate living room space, but you can only sleep 1 comfortably on the sofa bed. My friends opted to lay the pillows on the floor and slept on the floor instead. I get the feeling that the hotel doesn't have all its processes down yet. Sometimes I make requests (such as pillows or pet bowls) and they take a long time to be fulfilled. Sometimes it takes multiple reminders, and sometimes it takes me to be proactive by going downstairs to the front desk. They certainly seem to be improving everytime I stay here though. and if anything does go wrong, the staff does its best to remediate the issue, an effort which I am appreciative of. My biggest issue with the hotel is its thin walls. Of my stays here, I've heard neighbors' passionate nights to phone conversations, and I'm not even a light sleeper. My worst experience was when my neighbor decided to wake up to Josh Groban 45 minutes before I wanted to wake up. An unfortunate incident likely resulting from being in an older building, but somehow I still like this hotel a whole lot and keep going back. I now request for quiet rooms in my Kimpton profile, and it seems to have helped in my most recent stay.
