Stayed here on the night of July 4th even though I live in the South Loop. The main reason was that I was being "kicked" out of my own apt because of a bachelorette party.  Got the Fairmont through PL as the "luck of the draw." Pictures: http://www.facebook.com/ Categorically: A) Star Rating: PL ranks Fairmont as a 4 star establishment. I am not sure what qualifies them to be so, but I assume it has to do with the number of amenities that are in the actual complex, not by the shape of the amenities. I thought that for a 3.5 star hotel, Embassy Suites in Lombard was much more well-maintained and spacious than Fairmont. B) Location: Fairly decent location in "Millenium Park." Since it is located close to where I used to work, I had no problems navigating. A word of caution: the physically address listed is 200 N. Columbus, but if you actually look up where 200 N. Columbus is, it's the lower part of the street. The auto entrance is there, but the main pedestrian entrance is upstairs on S. Water St.  C) Public Spaces: I did not get to check all of these out, but these are the ones that I did see and go into, at least to look: the main Eno Bar area in the registration area, Aria restaurant, and Aria Bar. The lighting in all these areas was fairly dim, to a fault I would say. Even the escalators that went down from the main lobby level to the ballrooms and parking area weren't the brightest, but they were much better than the other.  I will post my review of Aria Bar where appropriate. Also included at the complex were ballrooms, a spa, and business centers as well as meeting rooms. D) Room. The room I got was a double bed on the 5th floor. Not much to say about the view, but I didn't have high expectations about that. Room came with: safe, ironing board, extra comforter, a little mirrored/vanity area, bathrobes, the usual English "boutique" toiletries, separate rain shower and tub, BMI scale (did not use this, ha), a phone in the toilet area, LCD TVs mounted very well on the wall, art mounted behind the headboard, couch, and working desk/table. Walls were not very thick, and I could hear other guests walking about, as well as the people next door who were initially fighting when I got there. Babies. E) Service. Had 2 with the registration desk. When I checked in, the person on duty seemed frazzled because of difficult clients right before me. He checked me in quickly enough, but forgot to tell me where the elevators were. He did mention the restaurants though. Upon checking out, it was also quick, and the staff person was very friendly. As mentioned before, I will include service at Aria Bar where appropriate. Overall, a very good experience. A little pricey for what it was even with the PL bid, and some of the infrastructure seemed a little old (see my pictures). Would stay again if I had to, but would prefer the Embassy Suites in proximity to this hotel.
