We recently went over to a friend's house for dinner and they ordered an amazing feast from Noon O Kabab. Everything looked amazing as we were opening up the white containers. (Yes this review is for take away food) My friends asked if I had ever eaten here and I said, "No!" The crazy part is that I took out my iPhone and immediately searched this place on my Yelp Mobile App. It was so funny because I really didn't even think what I would have said if I looked at them and they only had one star...would it be rude for me to say "that I am not hungry"? I was so excited to see 4 stars for this place...I think I instantly got hungrier just knowing this fact. We had Koubideh which is a skewer of ground sirloin beef with Persian seasonings and Joujeh which is a skewer of marinated chicken breast charbroiled on an open fire. I had a hard time deciding which one I liked better because both were really good. The chicken was juicy. Sometimes charbroiled chicken be over cooked but not this chicken. I also liked the ground beef too which was really good...I am not sure of the spices but they tasted so good. We also had two types of Persian Rice too...the white and the dill. I really liked the white rice better then the dill rice. Probably because I am not a huge fan of dill unless it is used on a pickle. I was amazed at how the white rice did not stick to itself and was very yummy. The charbroiled tomato was kind of boring...I am sad I even tried to eat it. There was also something that my friends told me was like hummus. Of course, I had a nice big serving with the flat bread...only to find out later that there was eggplant blended into it. Yeah I am allergic to eggplant but I was really surprised that I did not have a reaction to it. My friends felt so bad and asked if they needed to call 911...I told them not yet!!! We all had a good laugh! Sometimes a test of good food is how well it transports and I believe that this food held up. In fact, the food was sitting on the counter for about 30 minutes as we all caught up and scrambled for drinks. I was a little worried that my review of the food would be tainted because of it sitting in containers for too long. But that was not the case. In fact, I can hardly wait to sit down in this restaurant and eat here in person. I also saw on there website that they have some really nice lunch specials too.
