After dining at Blackbird this week, I was anxious to try another of Paul Kahan's restaurants. The new brunch menu at the Publican had just launched, so my bf and I arrived around 12:30 on Sunday to try it out. We ended up having to wait over an hour and started to get antsy. Having glanced at the menu earlier online, I knew we had to start with the waffle. It was crispy and very light, however it was accompanied with a honey butter and rhubarb compote. The compote was sweet and the honey butter was luscious. The combination of these with the waffle was heavenly. We moved onto the bacon plate and sausage sides. The bacon is more like a thick piece of pork belly placed on a tiny pool of maple syrup. Fatty and rich, it was pork candy. The sausage was not your typical breakfast sausage. It was the size of an Italian sausage;it was sweet and savory and fatty. The meal was going well so we decided to keep ordering. We ordered the duck hash. When it came out it was quite small and I was nervous the bf wouldn't be full after this meal. The duck was rich, but the eggs were awesome. I am usually not a big fan of eggs and these blew my mind. They were creamy and buttery. Combined with the duck it was perfect. We ended our meal with a pecan sticky bun. Not your average sticky bun at all. More butter, pecans and fatty deliciousness. I was full and ready to pay. This was when we started to get frustrated. The menu listed the sausage as a lower price than on the bill. Ok it was only a couple dollars, but still annoying. Earlier in the meal my boyfriend had ordered a beer. The waiter came over and handed him a different beer instead. When we got the bill we saw that he had given us a beer that was double the price. He didn't even bother to mention that earlier. I still love Paul Kahan and think he can do no wrong foodwise. However, we felt that his servers were trying to cheat us out of our money a little. I can't say that I won't go back because the food is delicious. Maybe dinner is different?
