I'm completely smitten and madly in love with Le Colonial. Since moving out of the city, Le Colonial is what I miss the most. ((Well, and frequently trying hot, new restaurants)). I went back recently, and my experience was just like every time before - fabulous. Visually, Le Colonial is gorgeous. Mind blowing gorgeous. It's intimate, romantic, dimly lit, and beautifully decorated. I imagine it's what it would feel like dining in an extravagant restaurant in French Polynesia. The service is fantastic. The servers are extremely helpful and knowledgeable about the menu and drinks. They time dishes perfectly so you have time in between courses to sit back for a few and have a drink. Clearly, the food is the star of this show. Le Colonial merges two of my favorite cuisines....French and Vietnamese. The food is elegant and full of flavor. Portions are on the smaller side which is good because you can try more, but it also can increase the size of your bill. Is it worth it?? You're damn right it is! Although you can't go wrong with anything you order, these are my recommendations... + PHO Hearty oxtail soup with rice noodles, beef tenderloin slices, & aromatic herbs +BO BIA Soft salad rolls of julienne carrots & jicama, bean sprouts, egg, peanuts, & aromatic herbs in rice paper, with peanut plum dipping sauce + BANH CUON Steamed Vietnamese ravioli of chicken & asian mushrooms, chili lime garlic sauce + BANH UOT Grilled sesame beef rolled in flat rice noodles, With cucumber, lettuce, basil, & lime garlic sauce + GOI CUON GA Soft salad rolls of grilled chicken, cucumber, basil, mint, cilantro, bean sprouts, rice vermicelli, & crispy rice paper with coconut plum dipping sauce + BO SATE Sauted diced filet mignon with sate spice, yams, & String beans + GA XAO CARI Sauted diced chicken with Japanese eggplant, mango, yams, string beans, & cashew nuts In a yellow curry sauce + TAU HU CARI Lightly fried tofu with eggplant, asparagus, mango, yams, & cashew nuts in yellow coconut curry sauce For dessert, the banana wontons are a MUST. If you leave without ordering the warm bananas fried in a crispy wonton, laying in a small bath of creme fraiche and chocolate, you will regret it. I promise.
