Overall, was it worth the hype? Yes and more. Was it worth every penny? Hell yes! Is it a life changing food experience? Yes! Will I be coming back? You bet! Soon? Probably not, it definitely broke the bank and I'd also like to see a different menu. Truly 5-star experience. I was able to snag a 2-top ticket from their new ticketing system, which isn't hard to obtain as long as you follow them on Facebook or twitter and you check fairly regularly. The meal at the end of the day ran me nearly $1000, which I will say without hesitation was the best $1000 I've ever spent. Everything from the food, wine pairing, service (sort of), atmosphere, was everything you paid for and more. They only have a prix-fixe menu of 15-17 items, mostly all of them were excellent. They all emphasized the pure flavors of the ingredients such as the corn as well as the tomato (both fantastic and one our favorites). Other courses emphasized the subtleties and complementary flavors such as the chanterelle (probably our favorite of the evening). Other items were shock and awe like the lamb with 52 different complementary ingredients, which was fun and interactive (good but by far not the best dish) and the apple balloon with edible string (by far the most fun dish). Other courses emphasized a whole new experience, like the black truffle explosion and the white chocolate dessert made table-side by the chef. Even after 2-plus weeks after eating there, there were a lot of items that I still remember every aspect, this was truly a life-changing meal. Other aspects of the restaurant like the decor itself was nice and dimly lit. The service overall was flawless, but some of the staff was not very friendly and a little stuck-up. Our main server however was fairly interactive and friendly. The kitchen tour was amazing as well, spotless and got a chance to do one of our courses prepared on the spot. Though we did not get to meet Chef Achatz, his current chef there was friendly, articulate, and still producing magnificent food. I would certainly like to see him open his own restaurant in the future. If you made it this far in my review and probably others, just do yourself a favor and just grab a ticket and a date and eat here. You won't regret it. **One additional note here** After eating at Charlie Trotter's about a month before and paying nearly $500 per person with wine. Trotter's didn't come anywhere near to what Alinea produced in terms of experience and food. Although, the wine pairings there were superior.
