Yum. Very yum. Caveat - used a Groupon. Oh and to their favor, they gave the Groupon discount before tax. Sure you have to be hungry - wait scratch that - very hungry, nah - really it should be extremely hungry, when you arrive to truly eat an entire entree portion - let alone order two entree portions and devour it completely. So why not order one entree portion and one of the cheese and chocolate fondue option? You avoid the plate fee, you get to enjoy the experience and there's plenty of dipping to go about. Yes, the plate fee was disclosed. The tables are packed pretty tightly, so if you can get an alcove/booth of sorts, it is optimal. The water service was frequent, until we were done with the chocolate fondue - then the guy sort of disappeared on us. The server was fairly busy and did not stop by often, but we weren't wanting much server attention so it was okay. The dipping sauces were delish. Not a big fan of the teriyaki dipping sauce, but I'm sure it goes well with something. My favourites were the dijon mustard, horseradish and the dill dipping sauces. Of course the classic butter was delightful with the scallops. The cheese fondue was tasty, very well seasoned. The chocolate fondue was enjoyable and sinful. The flambe was fun with the marshmallow toasting. The entree was deep-fried in soybean oil - the only option. It was tasty, but there really wasn't a good place to dab/drain the cooked items of oil. Still it was delicious and you just need to be careful of what you do with them fondue forks after it comes out of the oil. Side note comparison of Greja's v Melting Pot: - Melting Pot provides more options for the cheese fondue. Result: eh, that's nice. - Portions: Melting Pot will provide refills on dipping items for the Cheese and Chocolate courses. Result: you eat through the bottom of the pot and probably over-stuff yourself; it is nice to have more dessert items to dip though. Greja's provides reasonable portions that are still quite generous. - Melting Pot provides other media to cook the entrees aside from oil - Greja's has better flavor and the dipping sauces are more enjoyable. Bottom line summary: - Greja's - for a romantic fondue night out that you want to be able do something afterwards - Melting Pot - glutton's night out and you want to feel like a roly poly
