I woke up one morning to see a missed call and a voicemail on my phone. And I heard, "Hi, this is Michael, from Schwa restaurant..." and immediately become a lot more awake. I saw that the time was 2:30 pm and was really confused, cause I had my phone at that time... Upon further inspection, I realized the voicemail was from a week before. Seriously AT&T?! I called Schwa a month ago, and they finally returned a call and you just have to go and screw that up? =( Anyway, I called back and made a reservation for 2. Then called back two days later to add a 3rd person to the party. They were very nice each time and even gave some wine suggestions (since it's byob). Food: -amuse: green foamish drink with pearls -- we saw that they gave other people a different one. Did we get the Asian-inspired drink since we're all Asian girls? hrmm... -crab dish - so good. It had plantains and stuff in it... yum. -pea soup - involves a pea soup in a cup (really good) and a foamy pile of peas. I don't like foam. -tortelloni - delicious - and there was chocolate in this dish, which was an interesting mix, but it works! Just like every unique combo they do (my friend is allergic to chocolate, so they substituted this with a beets dish.. it looked pretty good, minus the foam part) -quail egg ravioli - this is one of their specialties, I hear? It's so cool when you put it in your mouth and the yolk bursts -maki - pretty good.. instead of ginger, there's a pile of carrots. Creative. -lobster - i think this was our favorite - it's amazing! -chicken liver - only dish we didn't like. very salty... -pork - meh. it was good, but the portions are so small! I want more! -cheese - i love cheese. and i loved this cheese dish. -dessert - involved a pastry-like thing surrounded by strawberry syrup. It was very refreshing and a perfect amount of sweetness. It's impossible to really explain the food. You just have to go and try it yourself. I was still a little hungry at the end of the meal... Or maybe I just wanted more amazing surprises served on a plate. Anyway, they charge a $2.50 corkage fee, so don't be like us and bring 3 bottles of wine, which we barely touched. Also, we split the check, and when they gave me mine, it said $12.00, which is clearly not right, so I pointed it out. And then they added a 0 before the period. Sad day. But yay for honesty?
