Uncommon Ground on Devon - I have not been disappointed with this place yet. It's one of my mainstays because I know that I will always have a good-to-great and satisfying meal here whether it's brunch, lunch or dinner. The wait-staff has always been super-friendly. I do agree with one of the other reviewers, that it is deceptively expensive. Someone who is not familiar with the place might think because of it's inconspicuous outer appearance, pub-ish interior, relaxed clientele and atmosphere, that it would be less expensive. Nevertheless, the food is consistently good and I will keep going back. A lot of organic and locally grown items to choose from and a pretty good beer selection including Chicago's own Metropolitan Brewing company (the Dynamo Copper Lager is very nice). For brunch, I usually wolf down their eggs benedict of the day. Other yums on my list are: the grown-up grilled cheese, olive oil crostini and baked goat cheese w/spinach, sweet potato fries, the sunshine salad, pumpkin-filled ravioli, Dietzler farm burger, Gunthorp farm chicken and there are still a lot of items on the menu that I haven't tried but I'm looking forward to having. Brunch is my favorite time to dine there. The crowd is usually lively and happy and there is a good mix of young, old, singles and families, making it a thoroughly enjoyable, yet relaxed experience. I like to go to a place where I can see a melting pot of people. It's the kind of place where you can bring a date, go with friends or come with family. Dinner time is also fun. There is a very nice bar with a fireplace if you just feel like a drink or two. If you don't have reservations and the place is crowded, you won't mind sitting there for a drink while you wait. The walls are always covered with interesting art work for sale and you can hear live music and other entertainment in the evenings. They grow produce on the roof-top in the summer and have a farmer's market on Friday's in the parking lot. Yum yum yum yum yum.
