I'm feeling slightly charitable by rounding up to 4 stars for our Memorial Weekend trip. I'll break it down. Where I always start... Bathrooms: This one was fairly clean - a solid 8/10 but it loses major points for being the size of a brook closet. It was difficult to get in and out of to close the door, and there was no good place to put wet towels after our showers. I'm smaller than an average size woman, and I had some trouble maneuvering. The updates that were done to the bathroom did give it nice modern appeal. Toilets and shower were extremely noisy. The middle of the night bathroom trip could have woken the dead from their slumber! Room: Decent size room for the price. We were told we had a queen bed, but ti felt a little snug for a queen. The bed sunk in the middle a little bit (I would assume with a bed that size that typically only one person would sleep in it at a time). Linens were comfortable and enough pillows. Decor was nice and looked as if it had been recently updated. I liked the modern color scheme. The wallpaper on the walls was peeling in multiple places. Seems like such an easy fix that just wasn't done. Location: Just a few blocks away from Millennium Park and Grand Park, steps away from all color el stations and a block away from State Street shopping. I have no complaints with it! We actually walked almost everywhere the whole weekend because of the nice weather. Overall, the hotel itself was beautiful. I wished they would have cranked up the AC a little bit more in their common areas with the highs in the mid to upper 90s in Chicago. And their lobby is on the second floor which I found to be strange and somewhat frustrating as the signage wasn't terrific when we were checking after walking with bags on a warm day. Plenty of elevators (they are split in sections of rooms which was nice for a building that size - never waited more than 60 seconds). All common areas were neat and clean, the staff we did encounter was quite pleasant. Worth the money we spent on a hotwire deal, but I'd never pay full price for this place!
