Hot dang, Hot Doug's! I don't know what I can say about this place that hasn't been said already. Yeah, I know there are lots of places in Chicago where you can get a pretty good red hot, but Doug's has just the right amount of char on it - you can really taste the grill. And his buns are super soft and tasty (hey man, the hot dog buns, get your mind out of the gutter!). Not to mention that, but Doug himself is awesome. He really moves the line through (and there is a line, so don't be thinking you're gonna get your dog after a 5 or even 10 minute wait) without being a total tool, and makes the service there super personal. I even tried to speed up my ordering process for him because the line behind me was long and it was close to closing time, but I think it's really hard to get past Doug without him engaging you in a little chit-chat. So I got the regular old red hot and the legendary foie gras dog. I've already mentioned the red hot, so now let's talk about this foie gras dealie. I don't know about the calorie count - frankly I don't care. I'm sure my pant size went up exponentially with each bite I took (and maybe my serum cholesterol level, too). I think I may have blacked out a little somewhere in the middle. It's kind of like a drug. I swear, you can taste every single flavor that goes into that puppy. The truffle sauce is light and not overpowering (when I make stuff with truffle oil, I just like to dump it in, but not everyone likes that, and then all you can taste is the truffle flavor - this was not that), you can taste the tang of the sauterne in the duck sausage, and I just don't know what to say about the foie gras. It's like meat butter, right? So good. One Saturday when I've got a good 2 hours to spare I'll head down there and dive into the duck fat fries - I don't know how that can be wrong. A couple of warnings: you will have to wait in line here. It doesn't matter what time you go or what day of the week. There will be a line, and it will take you at least 30 minutes from the time you get there till the time you get your food - plan on anywhere between 45 minutes to 2 hours for the whole process to go down. Hot Doug's closes at 4, so don't get there at 3.50 and then be upset because you couldn't get in. That outside door locks at 4, and whoever's still outside when it locks stays outside. The hot sausages... they're really hot. I mean really. When he says 'mighty, mighty hot', he ain't just whistlin' dixie. That is all... I think.
