Fogo de Chao brings with the happy. First: gauchos. With the most glorious boots ever seen on a human being. And giant skewers laden with meat that explodes in your mouth. And exquisite ability to carve exactly the level of roastedness you so desire (medium-semi-well? No problem). On one occasion, I asked for the filet mignon, and the server who arrives didn't have any more well done. He was so apologetic, and literally RACED to the back kitchen, where he came out with a brand-spankin'-new skewer and proudly sliced my well done filet onto my plate. Also: they remember things. They remember that one of you is a vegetarian, they remember that you said you liked your meat done well, they remember that you don't eat lamb and pork but you do eat chicken and beef. I saw the pork guy see my green-sided coaster, come near, see it was me, and grab the guy next to him (the steak guy) and point him my way. And then wink and do a little bow at me, and take the pork far away. That's what happens at Fogo de Chao. You cannot fault a place where a gaucho assists you with your chair every single time you get up or sit down. At the salad bar, things that cannot be missed: the marinated mushrooms, fresh mozzarella, and asparagus (I know it looks really plain, but it's perfectly cooked and if you wrap it in the wafer-thin proscuitto, you won't believe you ever told your mom it was too disgusting to exist). Neglect not your sides! Those little cheesy bread-magical bits are amazing, and they will replace them if they even SUSPECT they might be getting cold. Mashed potatoes are glorious as well, but just taste them - they'll fill you right up. Lunch is better for those watching their pockets, and the quality is exactly the same. For an extreme indulgence: the Inniskillin ice wine is about $19 for a little tiny glass, but every single sip is glory. This is one of those wine you barely dip the tip of your tongue into, because any more is greedy and the gods will slap you for indulging in the ambrosia without proper obesiance. I recommend getting it every time someone else is buying your meal. Unless they can't afford it, and you know that. That's just mean.
