I am very impressed with Longman & Eagle. From the outside it looks like nothing special, just a gray box, but the inside was cozy and warm. The use of wood, pops of color from yellow napkins and blue-gray walls, and dim, candlelit lighting enhanced the coziness.  Service was friendly and made better by the fact that each waiter only waited on 2-3 tables at a time.  Now for the food -- the important part. Really interesting menu. As another reviewer mentioned, the menu you get may not be the same as the online menu, which ended up being perfectly fine with me. The menu today was more winter-esc.  The salad we had consisted of pear, frisee, haricots verts, and some kind of bleu cheese with a red wine reduction. The salad was very nice, and the flavors melded well. I'm not a big bleu cheese lover but I'll admit this one was not too bad. The small plate we tried consisted of a porcini ravioli with veal heart and some type of berry (maybe lingonberry?). This small plate was amazing!  If you go there, and they have it, make sure you order it! The flavors were bold and savory. Don't be scared of the heart!  For our entree, we shared a monkfish that had an apple-celery root puree, barley, and a red wine sauce. The flavor to this was really good too, and the combination of textures made it even better.  For dessert, we tried some crispy chocolate thing, I don't remember what they called it, but it was served with a carmel pudding and an amazing malt flavored gelato. The chocolate thing consisted of a layer of rich ganache over a chocolate cookie type layer. The dessert was extremely rich, but if you're a chocolate lover like I am, you'll love it. Overall, you could tell a lot of thought was put into forming these dishes. The dishes were presented beautifully, and their unique flavors and textures melded amazingly with one another. Would definitely try again! I would recommend going somewhat early. I think we arrived around 5:45 and were seated immediately. A wait line started forming around 6:30 or so. Don't let the prospect of waiting deter you, the meal with be worth it!
