Since I've relocated from upstate New York to Chicago one of the consistent questions I get from friends and family has been "how's that great Chicago pizza". Unfortunately I haven't been able to answer it with enthusiasm. I've tried the places that people rant and rave about; Gino's East, Giordano's, Pizano's, Pieces and a few others. While none of them were disappointing, they didn't live up to the expectations of Chicago pizza. I thought maybe that the great Chicago deep dish was a myth, something we New Yorkers had made up. Then I found Pequod's Pizzeria. Now that's some Chicago deep dish pizza! Pequod's has a very unassuming location on the 2200 block of North Clybourn. The seating area appears clean and tidy, but reminds you more of a bar than it would a pizzeria. The staff there is friendly and courteous, greeting and seating us the minute we stepped in. They even offered us better seating in the rear to get away from the cold air coming in as patrons entered and exited the restaurant. They serve both deep dish and thin crust pizzas in small, medium and large sizes (10", 12", 16") along with an array of appetizers. They offer an assortment of toppings but this being my first adventure I decided to stick with the tried and true topping of pepperoni. While we waited, a couple next to us was putting a hurting on a medium pizza that looked really good. They overheard us talking and piped in with "This is going to be the best pizza you've had in the city". High praise but I had heard it all before. The pizza came out and it looked absolutely delectable. The first thing I noticed is that the edge of the pizza appeared to be darkened, almost like it had been burned. The waitress assured me that it was perfectly normal due to their famous "caramelized crust". I dove in and it was heaven. For those of you who like Gino's East, this is basically Gino's pizza with a helping of perfection added in. It has a very similar cornmeal like crust to the pizza, but it doesn't seem to taste as strong, which is a good thing. The pizza is very saucy, like Gino's, but not to the point where it's incredibly messy. The pepperoni was cooked exactly how i like it, where it's a bit crispy, but not burned. The portions were a good size as well. A small pizza split between two people should be enough for most, although if you want leftovers you may want to go with a medium. All that being said, Pequod's has been the best pizza experience I've had since moving to Chicago. Now when friends and family come to visit, I know exactly where to take them. If you're in the neighborhood I would suggest stopping in. There's a Kerasotas movie theatre right across the street as well, easily making a night of it if you're not close by.
