Where to start on this one...... There was a strong debate internally in my mind about giving this 1 star. But I just can't, because you can obviously see the skill in the preparation of dishes. First, the good: Loved the decor, great vibe inside, a truly buzzing dining room. Serious, serious cooking skill shown in many of the dishes. Undeniable. The rest: Simply put, the food was literally hilarious in how small the portions were. I am NOT one of these guys that needs to walk out near death from being stuffed. I have eaten at some of the best restaurants in this country, where you can see some pretty small portions, especially on tasting menus, but this was actually hilarious. It doesn't help that they use this monster of a plate, like the size of a serving tray, that makes the portions look all the tinier (I'm sure this is some type of "artsy" deal, but it was pretty hilarious in reality). We did the 5 course tasting menu ($75/person). All of the dishes are really skillfully done, and many of them are a "play" on something else. I'll explain as we go. I was immediately irritated though when we all said we weren't too hot on the dessert option, and they said we could substitute another one for $5 each.....Um, "but the desserts are the exact same price"...."well it creates difficulty on the kitchen staff". Seriously? I could not stifle my laugh (they eventually did not charge us after I was incredulous at the absurdity of what he was saying). The first dish was a deconstructed Caesar salad. Pretty cool honestly. It's difficult to describe it, but you can see the skill in how it was made. Again, let's just start this off here, it is minuscule. When you have dishes this small, you really have to blow me away with taste, not necessarily the amount of work it takes to make it, which I can appreciate, but if the flavors are just OK, what was the point of the work? I'm not paying you to paint me a painting, or to create some "food sculpture" for me to marvel at, I'm paying (a lot) for you to blow me away with flavors. This didn't.  The next dish was a pumpkin soup. This was absolutely the highlight of the meal. Stunning flavors just blew the table away. And after the amusing first dish, we felt we were back on track with this one. Cinnamon flavors, hints of marshmallows, and many other flavors really popped. It was really spectacular on all levels. Next came the first "entree course", which was a scallop dish. I was trying to keep my eyes from bulging out of my head, to see less than 1 full scallop on my plate. I mean the absurdity of serving someone less than 1 scallop is just amazing to me. But I was able to control myself long enough to hear the explanation. A long-winded, pretentious description, basically told you that this was a play on clam chowder. And boy was it ever. It was literally shocking to see all of the ingredients on the plate that would NOT be in a chowder, yet literally taste clam chowder. But then we all realized, who the hell wants to taste clam chowder instead of a stunning scallop dish. I mean, huh? But we had the main entree coming, and being starving, I was sure we were going to be satisfied at this point. A dish of wagyu beef, bone marrow, potatoes and quail egg was sure to be amazing. When it arrived I had to grab the table, because I literally was going to fall to the ground laughing. There could not have been more than 2 ounces of beef on my (massively sized plate). This is not an exaggeration. The description was that it was a play on breakfast, and that we may immediately think of bacon and eggs, "Enjoy". And again, it was almost shocking. It tasted EXACTLY like breakfast. The marrow foam they made (again amazingly crafted, real skill here), combined with the wagyu beef, egg and potato, literally tasted identical to eggs and bacon. And again I ask....who the F wants to taste bacon and eggs instead of superbly made wagyu beef and bone marrow? If I want bacon and eggs, I'll go eat bacon and eggs. At this point I was just literally in disbelief. To top it all off, I really thought the service was pretentious, with most of the servers really having this smugness to them. Living 10 years in SF, and eating all over the US, I'm not impressed by you, or your attitude. The more smug you are, the more absurd you seem, because there are so many amazing restaurants that the service is opposite of that. I love servers who are excited about the dishes you are going to get, excited to tell you about them, and genuinely pleased when you are pleased. You aren't doing me a fricken "favor" to serve me buddy, I'm paying top notch dollars for this service, so save the smug attitude. Overall, I would never go back here. Way to many places to try next time I'm back in Chicago.
