I lived in the South Suburbs for eight years, and I know and love Chicago pizza. Except for Giordano's, which was always my least favorite of the Chicago pizzas. But, when I was with family members on a weekend visit and we wanted pizza, I was out voted 8 to 1. Everyone besides me wanted Giordano's, which is how I ended up here. Even the hotel doorman advised that we head for Gino's East for much better pizza. Whatever. I arrived at Giordano's trying to be a good sport and with a positive attitude. We ordered deep dish pizzas, of course. One was spinach, one was green pepper/mushroom and the other was the "special" which was sausage, mushroom and green pepper. There was so little sausage on the "special" that it was difficult to distinguish from the green pepper/mushroom pizza. Seriously, I thought I had a piece of the green pepper/mushroom until I found two quarter-size pieces of sausage on one slice. The spinach was actually the best. Even the carnivores in the group agreed. It at least had some flavor and texture. My overall impression was that the pizzas were bland. Bland, tasteless crust. Bland sauce, and not enough of it. Plenty of cheese, but even it was bland. I doctored up my pizza slices with the oregano, hot peppers and parmesan which helped somewhat. As far as service, our server was friendly enough but we had to wait quite awhile before he came to the table to take our drink and appetizer order. He didn't serve our first slice of pizza, just set the pizzas down, and we didn't see much of him after that. Had to wait for drink refills, and our check. The few other employees we had contact with were short and unfriendly. The hostess seemed annoyed that we had a group of 9, and asked us to split into smaller groups for a shorter wait. We agreed to split into two groups but declined her request to split into 3 groups of 3. This seemed to annoy her, and when we went to the counter to place our order that employee seemed annoyed as well. We attempted to explain that we were splitting our group and would like to have the pizzas come out at approximately the same time, and she didn't care for that idea at all. Apparently to punish us, two pizzas came out about 20 minutes before the third did, by which time most of us were done eating. The other issue we had was that the sun was blinding, coming in through the top of the window behind our table, and there was no shade to pull down. We were wishing for sunglasses so we didn't have to squint. Despite the poor service and bland pizza, there was a huge crowd waiting for tables. We still waited 45 minutes to be seated even though we arrived before noon and split our group into two tables. And when we left we had to fight our way to the door because there was a crowd packed in between the hostess desk and the door. With so many options for AWESOME Chicago deep dish, this is one you can definitely skip.
