Maybe my expectations were too high to begin with, but I thought my experience at Geja's was just OK. Foundue is a really fun way to eat, so the fondue experience itself and my fun date were 5 stars.  We are new to fondue and I personally felt like the waiter was trying to sell us on the more expensive options on the menu, rather than finding us the dinner that would best suit us, when we said we wanted a little of everything. He was really pushing the $50 dinner, which was a good idea but we both didn't have to get it, and prices are labeled as "per person," so if you're new you don't really know how it works. The staff was friendly, but the waiter seemed slightly condescending to me. I heard other people questioning his recommendations as well. We got one premier combo and one vegetable medley a la carte, and that was more than enough food. However, we ended up splitting the cheese and dessert and could have used more of these and less veggies. Recommendation: Get one premier combo if you have to have meat, then get an order of cheese and chocolate only for the second person.  The premier combo comes with vegetables anyway, and the cheese and dessert were the best ones in my opinion.  I don't really understand why fondue is so expensive- you get a few bites of meat (the best one comes with 2 shrimp, 2 scallops, 2 bites of steak, 2 bites of chicken, and 2 bites of lobster. Good, but certainly not $30 worth of meat!) and then you do the cooking yourself. You probably don't have to pay full price when you come here. We had a Groupon, and other people around us had a deal from OpenTable and I know http://Restaurant.com does deals from time to time. Overall the atmosphere is really nice and different, very old and gothic feeling and a fun outing, especially since the weather is cooler now. I would try Melting Pot for my next fondue experience, but am not opposed to giving Geja's a second chance. Caution: whatever you wear will smell like oil for awhile. Watch out for your coat!
