I can already hear the fanboys cursing my name and yelling that 'I'm not open-minded enough' or 'I just don't get it', but I'm going to go ahead and lay it out there: Another Paul Kahan restaurant, another disappointing experience. I'll start with the positives: I loved Publican's large communal dining room, and the open kitchen in back. The space is inviting and the scene upbeat, though perhaps not the best place for a quiet date night. The menu is split into 3 sections: seafood, including an impressive oyster list, meats, and veggies, and the focus on high quality ingredients with simple presentations is right up my alley. Conceptually, this place absolutely works. So why 3 stars? Execution. I did love the sardines, which were pan fried to a nice crisp and were cut with a touch of acidity from the lemon served on the plate. The rest of our dishes, however, fell flat. Being in love with all things culinary and Spanish, we were encouraged to try the trio of hams, each of which was fine, but really nothing to write home about. I know Publican doesn't produce its own ham, but each were very heavy on the salt-cure and the small amount of bread that came with the plate just didn't do enough to cut it. At a place where simple ingredients are the star, this wasn't a great start. I'd give 4 stars to the smoked arctic char, which was well-balanced and about as successful what I'd consider a wintry dish could be served in summertime. Lastly, had heard great things about the little gem salad, so was disappointed to find a huge plate of uncut lettuce drowned in a somewhat bland buttermilk vinaigrette, though the crunch of the pig ears provided a welcome textural contrast. I could probably find it in my heart to round up to 4 stars for a hit & miss performance on the food. But the very lacking service is what brings this review down to a 3. Yes, it's a hot restaurant, and yes we were there at a busy time, but there isn't an excuse to make customers wait 15 minutes to see a menu, another 10 to order wine, and another 15 at the end to get the check after asking for it. The restaurant business is tough for an executive chef: you come up with a great concept, but you still have to execute day in and day out, without being able to micromanage every detail. If Publican can fix its execution, it is primed to be a great restaurant. But until then, I'm eating elsewhere.
