Dinner at Mercat a la Planxa was one of the things I was most looking forward to on my most recent visit to Chicago. My last meal there still stands as one of the best meals I've had in my life. I was looking forward to being able to re-sample some of the dishes I loved last time (espinacas a la Catalana, how I love you!) and trying some new ones. While the experience was not as stellar as the last (we visited on a Friday evening at 7:15, so the restaurant was much busier and service understandably less impeccable), the restaurant maintains its status as my favorite in Chicago - and gives Amada a run for its money as my favorite JG spot. This was my first meal after making it to the city, so I arrived hungry and ready to do damage to the tapas menu. Luckily, my friends can eat, so we were able to try everything I was looking forward to. The menu is expansive and you're not going to want to choose. Come hungry, bring friends, and leave the picky eaters at home (although vegetarians will be perfectly happy - 67% of our table did not eat meat or fish, with me being the notable exception). We started with the cheese mixto, which is very well put together. I have forgotten two of the cheeses, but one was a very good, rich garroxta. The highlight of the cheese plate is definitely the accompaniments, though. The vegetarians were in ecstacy over the garlic dulce de leche (one is coming to visit me in Philadelphia soon and is thrilled to know that she can actually purchase it at Garces Trading Company!). What they don't know is that if they ate meat, they could have had the sherry-bacon caramel, which puts absolutely everything else we ate that evening to shame. I literally licked the bowl. That good. Although the menu is very meat-heavy, there were plenty of dishes to keep my vegetarian friends happy. We ordered one of the specials, which was reminiscent of scrambled eggs - with truffles and truffle oil. It had incredible flavor and depth. The special was intended to include shrimp, as well, but was absolutely great without them. We also ordered the bomba rice. I skipped this dish (you'll see why by the time I get to the end, I can only fit so much at one meal!) but the vegetarians enjoyed it, including the one who is not a particularly big fan of rice. All of us loved the truita de patata, which is a traditional Spanish tortilla (and essentially the same thing as the tortilla Espanola at Amada). The espinacas a la Catalana was just as delicious as I remembered, leaving me wishing that Amada or Tinto would add it to the menu. To round out our vegetarian selections, we had the patatas bravas, calcots a la planxa, and llientes i cigrons. The potatoes and green onions were very good and prepared perfectly, although not particularly innovative. The table was split on the lentil and garbanzo bean dish. It arrived at the end of the evening, though, so those of us who did not love it may simply have been too full to appreciate it. It was definitely innovative, though - the texture and flavors were new to me! I was the only one at the table who ate either of the two meat dishes, so you will have to trust my word on them. Don't worry, I have vast meat-eating experience (on this vacation alone I managed to eat 9 different animals) so you can totally trust my opinion. The first dish was the cordero lechal en curry - roasted suckling lamb with chickpeas, broccolini, and served with flatbread. When I first tasted the dish, I didn't love it - I just had the lamb with some sauce on the flatbread and didn't think the flavors were great. Then I got smart and tried a bit of everything on a fork. Oh, my! That made all the difference. The flatbread turned out to be absolutely unnecessary; we used the rest to eat the llientes i cigrons. My last dish was the conil amb castanyes - braised rabbit agnolotti. It was absolutely delicious. When I described it to a friend, she was suspcious - rabbit in pasta? The answer is yes. Rabbit in pasta. Thumbs up. Along with the incredible meal, we enjoyed some of the seasonal sangria. It was very refreshing; my only complaint is that, with the addition of Absolut raspberry, it's dangerously delicious! By the end of dinner I was definitely feeling my drinks. We shared the chocolate croquettes and crema Catalana for dessert, although we just nibbled the flavors were great. One friend reported that the chocolate croquette made her feel like a chocolate-eating vampire. Mercat a la Planxa did not disappoint. It is definitely always going to make it onto my list of places to eat when I visit the Windy City. With absolutely delicious food, great service (even when the restaurant is slammed!), and innovative flavors, it's everything I expect from my favorite Iron Chef.
