Decent Italian, but I think it's suffering from a slight case of the overrateds. In this no-mans-land that's kind of North Centery, close to Lincoln Square, almost Andersonville, and yet known as Ravenswood, you have two really good options for a nice dinner: Mixteco and Spacca Napoli. Caro Mio isn't a bad third choice, but doesn't really stand up to the other two in terms of food quality. As is customary at many Italian restaurants, they bring you some bread and parmesan. What's different is they also offer you crushed red pepper and fresh garlic. Throw some olive oil on top of all that, spread it on your bread, and shit, you're all set. Fucking delish. But then we got our calamari. BIG THUMBS DOWN. Almost embarrassingly poor. Flavorless with a super thin marinara dipping sauce. For my entree, I got "pappardelle con pomodoro secco imported sun dried tomatoes in a creamy marscapone cheese sauce $17.95". Now I'm not going to lie, I like stuff like this, and I ate it, but it wasn't what I was expecting. I thought it would be a well seasoned, tomato-y dish with some marscapone on top. What it amounted to was basically a very heavy fettucine alfredo with a hint of marscapone and a very slight dusting of little sun-dried tomato pieces. Are you trying to give me a heart attack? Because I already had one that morning after eating like 8 pieces of bacon. Anyway, I put some more red pepper on top to cut the heaviness. Then, with the encouragement of my bromos, I beer bonged 3 bottle of red wine. Coronary averted. I also tried "imboltini di melenzana lightly breaded and pan fried eggplant rolled with vermicelli noodles, boconcini mozzarella, basil and parmesan cheese - then topped with more mozzarella cheese and baked $15.95" which was much better. It was seasoned well and each element was balanced. It didn't make me feel like I was going to die quite as much as my dish. Now I have good news and bad news for you. I'll give you the bad first, you pessimistic son of a bitch: Like almost every review has said, they were out of the chocolate tartufello. Does this even exist, or do they just put it on the menu to make you feel bad about yourself? How can they possibly be out of the same dessert every day? Now the good news... we got iiterally, THE last tiramisu. You could tell it was homemade and each plate made individually. Unlike most places where they just cut you a big piece off a huge whipped beast on a sheet pan, this was individual lady fingers with the marscapone and maybe some sabayon and coffee and cocoa powder. Not a huge portion, but impressive. So yeah, if you want to be a total dick, go to Caro Mio really early in the evening and order a bunch of desserts. They'll quickly run out, and you can lol at everyone's disappointment as they find out there is no dessert left. Or you could just sit there with a bunch of desserts on your table and offer to resell them to other customers... at a handsome profit. Shalom mofuckas. P.S. The one penis mensroom was kind of gross and the door wouldn't lock. I thought I was going to have to free up some space mid-meal. Fortunately the immodium I took that morning kept me from having to get naked.
