Let me start with a little info: I've stayed in several Chicago hotels, and this is BY FAR the only hotel where I've actually enjoyed coming back to the room. This was my 10th wedding anniversary, and I Yelp-stalked several hotels looking for spots that were not just template rooms. Also, we didn't try the Spa service on this trip. LOCATION: Very nicely situated; the walk to Michigan Ave was drama-less, as was a quick 15-minute jaunt to Morton's off Wacker, and we also had a need to take the El from Northwestern University (Davis Station) to the Chicago Station, and the Dana is wonderfully placed right between that and the Grand Station, 2-3 blocks in either direction. I felt like everything that was important was no more than a 15-minute walk away (except Navy Pier, which was a $8 cab ride because of "Transformers 3" movie set road closures....grrr). STAFF: Courteous and professional throughout the stay. Some places you come across apathetic housekeeping, or the front-desk person who's so busy telling a bar story to the other front-desk person that they jack up your reservation, but the Dana staff was extremely attentive. The Concierge was excellent; he didn't just give us the "take a cab here and get outta my face" directions, he took the time to offer alternate routes and transportation methods. ROOM: As soon as I opened the door my jaw hit the ground...and bumped into my wife's jaw.....the views are INCREDIBLE. We had a "Corner King" on the 20th floor, which gave us a King bed with two entire walls made of floor-to-ceiling windows. Truly a difference maker, I thoroughly enjoyed the view. The shower was pretty-good, I like the overhead rain-shower thingy, and the bathroom itself was styled well with good ergonomics for the most part. ATTACHED RESTAURANT & PARTY JOINT: The Dana provided us with two $10 breakfast vouchers for the "Aja" restaurant on the ground floor, which was cool, but you'd be better-served by walking the few blocks to "Yolk" for breakfast (FIVE STARS for Yolk, by the way....). We didn't have dinner at "Aja". There's a pre-party, or lounge bar, or whatever type place on the roof, I forgot the name, but my wife and I tried it one night for a few minutes and we just weren't feeling the atmosphere. Could be that we're fuddy-duddies, but with the deck being closed at that time the only thing to do was drink and listen to somebody's half-assed attempt at techno. GRIPES: Other than "Aja" and the lounge, the gripes are very minor. Of course, with the great view out...comes a great view in. There's an apartment building directly across the street and there were a few awkward moments where my eyes met the tenants in a few apartments, but if you don't have a problem being "seen", it's not a biggie, just be aware. Also, there were 7 windows...which means there are 7 blackout shades AND 7 separate occluded shades. The most tiresome part was coming back to the room and finding that ALL of the shades had been let down as part of the turn-down service. Minor irritant, but again, just be ready to work to get a night view. The shower has a glass wall where a person in the room can see in the shower...and directly through the shower to someone on the crapper. There's a curtain, but it's on the room side. Made for "hilarious" moments for my wife while I was in my "Thinker" position. Last minor irritant, the shower doesn't have a door, it has a glass half-partition, so if you're a sloppy shower-er, count on having a wet bathroom floor. Almost forgot about the elevators: There's two of them; one from the ground floor to the check-in lobby (one floor up....), and a completely separate elevator from the check-in lobby to the rooms. The chafing part of this is that the room elevator actually DOES go to the ground floor, but it appears to be used only for vetting the crowd for the lounge. Yet another strike against the lounge....lol....it's no big deal though, I'm just nit-picking at this point..... That's it until my next visit, because I will definitely be staying there again. This is a well placed hotel with a twist and a great staff, and I really liked it.
