Upfront, let me be straight with you. I am not a chicken lover.  In fact, I often refer to it as chucken- (as in upchuckin- what I sometimes find myself doing after I eat it). Just so you get the full picture. I decided to try Crisp today with a friend who had been craving some fried chicken. I was game, why not-try something new, break the habits, experience life. Ya, it was just lunch, and we can all do without another sandwich in our lives.  I ordered the lunch special- total of $6.97 with tax, and WAY more food than I could consume. Three HUGE wings, fries, and a can of my preference. Let me tell you, these were HEALTHY BIRDS. They flew HIGH and LONG before their demise. They had MEAT on their BONES.  Well, the BONES- they were a problem. See, I am one of those persnickety eaters who likes to think that meat is manufactured at some factory, and never, ever wants to see bones attached. You could say that I have a FOOD BONE phobia. I know the truth ( my grandmother owned a locker plant, I was often the city kid locked in back with the sides of beef and pork as a prank by my uncles, this may have something to do with my phobia). Being polite, and somewhat hungry and curious, I was determined to attempt this food, bones and all. To eat these monster wings, I had my choice of chopsticks (not an option unless someone wanted to get hurt), a plastic fork, and my fingers. Um, nope, I could not handle my fingers, so the plastic fork was my tool of choice. Ironically enough, Bryan Adams was belting out "Cuts like a knife" on the oldies radio- and the fork worked!! The chicken was tender enough that a plastic fork- for the most part- was able to tackle the job! I tried the Korean BBQ. It was spicy and nice. Not too hot, and did not burn. I had a taste of the Seoul blend from my friends. It was good too. I ended up consuming 2 of my wings, tossing one to my friend, and trying a part of one of hers. All in all, a fantastic lunch. I do think I misordered. They had some FANTASTIC looking bowl combos- with veggies, brown rice, etc. Next time, I am heading for that, I am confident it will be good, and know that I do not have to deal with my bone phobia!
