If you're in Chicago and you want one of best it can offer, go and try HOT DOUG'S. Their Foie Gras Dog is to die for! While waiting in line (there's always a line that winds around the building, so go early), I peered through the window to see these two guys taking their first bite into their Foie Gras dog. One of the guys just closed his eyes and went into ecstasy mode. It was funny watching this go down. Yet it also made my craving for one of Doug's gourmet Hot Dogs. You'll find the typical Chicago Dogs ($2.00) and Chili Dogs etc. All of these normal hot dogs that you can find anywhere will be under $5. But that's not why you CTA or drive all the way out to Hot Doug's. You go to Hot Doug's to enjoy their Special Menu. The Special Menu has one of kind hot dogs, like Foie Gras (THE BEST!!!), The Mountain (buffalo + elk + veal sausage!), Taco Hot Dog....I can't name it all. Just check out their website. The Foie Gras hot dog is (again) OUT OF THIS WORLD. I've never tasted anything like it. It's so unique and delicious. Definitely worth the 20 minute wait outside. Service: excellent. Doug (the owner and operator) is always there taking orders. He doesn't rush his customers. He answers all questions. He jokes around and he helps us get the order correct (he doesn't jip or trick you). He encouraged us to just share drinks, since it doesn't make sense to get one drink per person. He could have easily made us order more fries, but he helpfully suggested that we go with only one - he claims he doesn't believe in portion control and therefore gives a lot more fries than one person can eat. The duck fat fries (served only on Fri and Sat) aren't all that spectacular. But if you've never tried it. Def try it here. Drinks: They have unique bottled sodas. Try the Green River - a 7-up/Sprite type of drink, but made of pure Sugar Cane AND no caffeine or artificial flavoring. If you go, BRING CASH ONLY. They don't accept anything else. DECOR: Funny. All things playful and hot douggy is all over the wall. I actually enjoy the Yellow, Blue, Red hot dog-esque colors. My kind of place with my kind of humor. It's hard to explain in this brief review...just go check it out yourself. If you go there, message me and get me a Foie Gras dog!
