I must confess that I never made it to Bowles' Avenues restaurant at the Peninsula, which bummed me out considerably. That's why when I read that Chef Bowles was opening a new eponymous restaurant this weekend, I signed up immediately, snagging a reservation before the liquor was even delivered (BYOB + a Beard-nominated chef? Oh yeah!) This place ain't the Peninsula, folks, and that's a GOOD thing. I've never had such great food in such a relaxed and utterly unpretentious setting. Even the servers personify the laid-back attitude of the space, dressed in jeans and matching brown t-shirts and Chucks. While they were offering a five-course tasting for a relatively modest $75 (don't forget that Avenues was well into the triple digits), we opted to order four courses each off the menu, which is broken up into "cold," "hot," "sea," "land," and "sweet." After we ordered we were surprised with a generous bowl of parmesan-dusted and truffled popcorn. This gratis "snack" was the first standout of the evening. I need to figure out how to make this stuff. At once decadent and light, we asked for a second bowl between the first and second courses. "Cold." I started with the Caesar salad, four perfect piles of romaine lettuce, each topped with a single white anchovy and a beautiful green dressing. On the side was a parmesan-stuffed brioche "twinkie" of a giant crouton. While the dish was pleasing overall, the primary flavor of the crouton was definitely *fried.* Tamara began her meal with the beet salad, which was delicious, surrounded by a foam of goat cheese. I don't care how cliched people say foam might be nowadays, I thought it was fantastic. "Hot." Tamara ordered what might be the winner of the night - truffled gnocchi with tri-colored asparagus and a fried egg. While this was a lot of truffle to throw on top of the popcorn, I'd be a fool to complain about too much truffle! The yolk of the perfectly fried egg exploded into the rest of the dish, adding an additional layer of richness to an already luxurious plate. My aged-cheddar risotto with cheez-its (yes, cheez-its), was delicious. I had read much about Bowles' play between junk food and couture food, and this dish exceeded all expectations. The cheddar and bacon added a distinctly smoky flavor to the perfectly cooked rice, and a topper salad of beautifully shredded green apple cut the smokiness perfectly. "Land." I had the lamb, which turned out to be a very different experience. A perfectly cooked piece of shank sat on top of delicious cous cous and was flanked by two rounds of VERY braised (fall apart on the fork) shank. I'd never tasted lamb so tender, even if it was a bit salty. "Sea." Tamara ordered the scallops, which were purported to be encrusted with chorizo on the website, but turned out to be surrounded by a chorizo-and-white-bean puree. I couldn't imagine a better pairing for perfectly seared scallops. Each was topped with a dollop of subtly flavored saffron foam. It was a perfect dish. "Sweet." I was honestly surprised by the novelty and sublime taste of the desserts. The peach cobbler was somewhat deconstructed, and each component was magical. A peanut butter brownie is right up my alley, of course, but here it was executed at a level I'd never seen before, paired with a peanut butter ice cream of which I could only wish to take home a pint. Following dinner, we were lucky enough to be treated to a brief tour of the kitchen, where a very happy Chef Graham Elliot Bowles was absolutely glowing. Much more than the expected handshake and "thanks for coming," Bowles introduced us to the line cooks, who were each responsible for one of the aforementioned named "phases" of the menu. When we raved about the gnocchi, Bowles laughed to the cook responsible for it that he could "keep his job for another week." The sense of camaraderie was unlike anything I'd seen in a professional kitchen before - this group obviously likes working with each other very much, and that love shines through in the cuisine. The impeccable food combined with the friendly, almost familiar service and refreshingly relaxed atmosphere will have us coming back again soon. The dining room music sounds like it might be Bowles' iPod... it was four-star food served in the comfortable space of a neighborhood spot. What more could you ask for?
