I have a new favorite. Food: Organic, so it's good for you. Diverse and creative menu to cater to anyone's tastes. Locally grown ingredients so it's good for the local economy. Perfect portions so you're not overly full or left hungry. Freshness you can taste - in case you hadn't figured it out, I could go on like this forever. I'll stress it's important to go with friends so you can nibble off their plates and try as much as possible - you will love all of it. I recommend the sweet potatoe fries with goat cheese fondue, Tree-tini (for every one purchased, a tree is planted - $5 Martini Mondays!), artisan sausage sampler (the stone ground mustard is really all you need), the prairie mac n cheese (I would order this just for the coleslaw - perfect creamy/vinegar combo), and I will be back to try the bacon-wrapped meatloaf. Pay attention to the specials - two of my group ordered the specials (one steak and one burger) and neither was disappointed. Atmosphere: I recommend the Music Room; I love that they offer dinner and a show. If you just want to have a quiet conversation over dinner, there's a seperate room for that too, but the acoustics are decent enough that the music isn't overpowering in the Music Room. The artwork is fantastically interesting - the kind you really want to look at. make sure you use the bathroom, too - the women's in the back of the music room had beautiful mosaic tiling. This place just maintains a quiet sense of class. It's perfect for a business dinner, a third or fourth date, or just simple relaxing. Parking: There's a small lot behind the restaurant where we were lucky enough to find a spot, but otherwise, there's plenty of street parking on Devon. Price: Very decent! The martini specials helped keep our drink bill low which left more money for food which, for the quality of what you get, is completely worth it. With multiple rounds of drinks, 3 appetizers, 3 entrees, 2 dessert drinks and 1 dessert at $155 pre-tip is an absolute steal.  Service: Warm and friendly, knowledgable and patient - absolutely no complaints. I will be back... sooner rather than later... and as often as possible.
