This was the best culinary meal I have ever experienced. Entrance to the restaurant is pleasing and unassuming with gentle colors and a warm, friendly staff. I ordered the foie gras, hapu and chocolate dessert. With me, 3 guests each ordered something entirely different so we could share the experience with each other. You needn't be a foodie to understand the 'perfect bite' concept of dining...and you certainly don't have to be an art critic to enjoy the colorful and curious presentation on each plate. Ask your server how the dish is prepared...this was also fun and entertaining, in and of itself. The foie gras starter captured my immediate attention with a soft, sweet creaminess and earthy texture of the base...this could have been a dessert...but not is a sugary-sweet way...the flavors were light, progressive and oh-so-addictive. All 4 of us truly loved the intermezzo granita of fresh and tangy fruit and berry flavors. My entree was the Hapu - and my first split second impression was it was underseasoned - not so. As the flavors developed within my mouth, I felt as though I was enjoying a lovely song or storyteller's tale as the flavors evolved and changed from one delight to the next. Chef Dale Levitski seems to have mastered the 'perfect bite', and I can understand a bit more how the food competition shows are judged by experiencing that singular first bite. Our wonderful surprise came in the form of the 'cheese course' - a wedge of cheddar grilled cheese with tomato and crispy parmesan along the edges - partnered with a sharp tapenade of olives and mustard - comforting, delicious, and overwhelming well-received amongst us. The dessert came in the form of a chocolate shake with a vanilla pizelle and chocolate dipped biscotti with fig. I first felt the pizelle was stale until it started to melt in my mouth - everyone at the table loved it. The biscotti was chewy (in a good way - like a brownie) and flavorful...the chocolate shake carrying a hint of malty richness. During the course of the meal, we had both cocktails and wine (we selected our wine choices) - the cocktail menu is a hoot. This will be my first choice for Chicago when I return.
