After visiting The Purple Pig on multiple occasions for lunch and dinner since the restaurant opened, it is easy to see why Buon Appetit magazine recently rated it one of the country's ten best new restaurants. The food is delicious. The staff is very helpful, always professional, and they look good too. The atmosphere rocks. At Michigan and Illinois with outdoor patio seating, it is up there with Chicago's best. I have broken down their menu by section below. What I recommend: Antipasti: Pork Fried Almonds (You never thought an almond could taste this good.) Olive Oil-Poached Tuna with Greek Lima Beans (This is a must try!) Salads: Mixed Greens with Feta, Radishes and Red Wine Mint Vinaigrette (I don't eat salad often, but this dish makes me want to start.) Fried Items: If you can, try everything from this section of the menu. I highly recommend the Prosciutto Bread Balls and Pig's Ear with Crispy Kale, Pickled Cherry Peppers and Fried Egg. The Melrose Peppers are a must have. Panini: The Salami Toscana, Goat Cheese and Black Olive Tapenade Panini makes for a great lunch. Cured Meats and Cheese (I combined these 2 sections of their menu because, ideally, they would be eaten together): You won't find them like this anywhere else in Chicago. All of them are must haves especially the Prosciutto di Parma. Smears: I've never really been a big fan of feta cheese but I wish I had a jug of the Purple Pig's Whipped Feta with Cucumbers in my refrigerator at all times because it is that damn good. a la Plancha, etc.: The Milk Braised Pork Shoulder and Pork Blade Steak are two of my favorite dishes of all time anywhere. These are must haves. You can't go wrong with either. The desserts are all very good. I just had the Panino con Nutella the other night. I will definitely order that many more times in the future. I haven't even began to discuss the drinks at The Purple Pig. Their wine list is very deep and broken up by region. They have a couple of Italian red wines from Calabria that go awesome with dinner. The beer selection is intriguing; you will find something that you like. If you have any questions, ask a member of the staff. They are experts and will easily find something to your liking. I hope this review was helpful. The Purple Pig should be at the top your list for restaurants to check out in Chicago.
