I would love to give this place NO stars if I could. Having eating in Chinatown easily over 100 times, this was far and away my worst dining experience for multiple reasons.  The service was so dreadfully bad I honestly don't know where to begin. First, the host was some gentleman outside who had to be the the loudest and crudest doorman in restaurant history. I know most restaurants in this area don't have a first priority on service, but this guy was like a military sergeant.  Once we actually got inside, It literally took 30 minutes to just get us water and menus. Then once our appetizers started arriving, we had to ask for utensils about 5 times before they could manage to bring over chopsticks. We were checked on zero times and if I wanted a refill on my water, I had to frantically wave down my waiter and pray he doesn't ignore me. We eventually found out there was a massive delay on water because THEY WERE OUT OF CUPS. Maybe this is acceptable where you dine, but if I'm going to be consuming spicy asian food, I'd like to have a glass of water. I really don't know where to start with the food. If you want to stop reading now, that is fine. Just head right next door to Ming Hin where I guarantee you will have an excellent meal for about half the price in a much much nicer setting. We got the 3 chili chicken which everyone on yelp had been raving about. Granted it was the only decent thing we got on the night, but by no means was it stellar. It was a decent chinese chicken dish that wasn't exemplary in the slightest. We got the hot pot which had a decent flavor, but the meat was pretty atrocious and bordeline inedible. We got a bunch of other dishes which were all mediocre at best. By far the biggest disappointment for me was the salt and pepper seafood dish. This dish contains shrimp, squid, and scallop for 14.95 and should have the signature chinese salt and pepper seasoning. If you want to have awesome salt and pepper seafood for literally half the price, walk a few doors down to Chi Cafe and you will be satisfied. The portion on this dish was incredibly small and lacked any flavor. I was with a party of eight and had been talking about this dish at other establishments. A few people in my group had never been to chinatown so I figured they would be wowed by this flavor. Sure enough it was so poorly executed just like everything else on the night. I urge you to just go to Ming Hin next door or for even slightly cheap just hit up Chi Chi Cafe. Their food is so so much better and far cheaper.
