After coming here, I have all the appreciation for organic, locally scored food. I came to Publican without reservations, not knowing what I will expect. But do make reservations; we made reservations one week ahead of schedule. Can I say this: I was blown off my feet by this restaurant. The decor had a casual yet romantic touch and I really enjoyed the common table arrangement as well as the private "pig pens". We got there early and grabbed some drinks first. They have a wide arrange of beers ($ - $$$$). One of the waiters accidently brought over the frites with organic eggs. They told us that its on the house for the mistake when we told them that we didn't order it. The eggs were amazing. I never tasted anything like how these tasted, how it was prepared, and the texture. We ordered the following: 1. Chef's Selection of 1/2 dozen oysters - Kusshi, Penn Cove, Olympia, Misty Point, Lady Chatterley and Watch Hill. Our favorites were the: Kusshi, Lady Chatterley, and Watch Hill. 2. Bouchot Mussels 1/2 order - THIS IS A MUST! I'm a fast eater usually but when I got to this plate, we just slowed down 10x and appreciated the taste of the mussels, the succulence of the sauce/soup. We ate and drank everything. If they made the sauce in the soup, I would drink this every day - it was so amazing. 3. Charcuterie plate 1/2 order - One of my boyfriend's friend recommended this plate and I was actually a little disappointed by this plate. The meats are good but I would have done away with the pork pie and heady cheese. The sausage and mustard were the winners. 4. Country rib 1/2 order- This was from Slagel Family Farm (the restaurant's inspiritation). The meat had a slight sweetness in itself that was extremely surprising - and it wasn't from the sauce itself. Just the tenderness, the juicyness, and the slight sweetness from the meat itself really showed how excellent it was. 5. Marinated Artichoke - I would skip out on this dish and maybe order another vegetable dish. 6. Dessert - Trifle - Let's just say I would lick the cup if I had an opportunity to.
