Most of the first afternoon of my neuroscience conference was spent running frantically through the convention center trying desperately to pick up a mobile signal (and cursing lack thereof) whilst checking out posters, bumping into friends, and juggling the week's worth of program books, so it's possible I looked slightly disheveled when I stepped into the elevator at the Ritz-Carlton. Mind you, I wasn't staying at the Ritz-Carlton, but a non-neuro friend of mine happened to be there for a wedding, and I wanted to squeeze in a quick visit. I had her room number, so I was planning on just nonchalantly walking in and heading up like a normal person going to visit a friend in a hotel, but they have to make it so confusing for us plebians! The lobby is on the 12th floor. Who does that?? There was a fancy family in the first elevator with me, and it was clear that they were not pleased about having to share the same air with someone in a 2004 H&M coat carrying two bags, hair in a messy ponytail. Fancy dad said to fancy mom, "you know what I noticed, these are the same elevators as at the Ritz in New York!" and really, it was all I could do not to jump in with "OMG I KNOW, isn't that greeeeaat??? I can't tell you how pleased I am to see that the old R-C is consistent in their design." When we switched to the 2nd elevator, they rolled their eyes and fancy mom said to fancy dad, "you know, at the Ritz in New York, you can't get in the elevator unless you have a key." It was then that I really wished I'd been dressed like a prostitute instead of a harried neuroscientist. Just for fun, you know. A little Pretty Woman quote fest, perhaps?  "Oh honey, I've got a runner in my pantyhose! I'm not wearing pantyhose!" My friend's room was totally gorgeous, with a view of the lake and the ferris wheel. It was all done up in decadent periwinkle blue (just like at the NY R-C, I imagine) with a giant luxurious bed and a 2-sink bathroom that was bigger than some NYC apartments (or the Blue Banana, if you're still with me and my PW references).  One day when I'm rich I'm going to come back to the Chicago R-C and I'm going to get in that elevator like a pro and with that awful fancy family watching, I'm going to hit the f-ing PH button.
