Thanks to some awesome local Yelpers (and of course Rick Bayless), we made sure not to leave Chicago without eating at XOCO. By the way can anybody tell me how to pronounce this?! Anyways, when I was told of the concept, I wasn't sure what to expect...some greasy Mexican food made by a famous chef?! NO!!! We arrived at the restaurant and waited a good 30 or 45 minutes due to the size of our party of 5. Who cares- good food is worth waiting for! When it was finally our time to order, my friend and I decided to split the chicken torta- with the beans on the side, due to my fear of beans- and a side salad. We also couldn't pass up the churros and put an order in for 3. We filled our glasses with water (your choice of tap or sparkling with slices of lime- classy!) and were seated our our table. After a short time, our food arrived at our table. We were all surprised that the "tortas" we ordered were actually sandwiches. Totally unexpected, but what a great surprise this turned out to be! The bread was crusty on the outside and slightly scooped out on the inside to allow for the scrumptious filling of freshly cooked chicken, avocado, cheese, and arugula. The chicken was marinated in some sort of spice mixture which I couldn't figure out, but it was quite yummy. Upon biting into my "torta", I was in love. This may have been one of the best sandwiches I have ever had. Everything tasted so fresh and all of the ingredients just worked together. Not only that, but my friend somehow convinced me to taste the beans (which NEVER happens- EVER), and I actually liked them...enough to put them on my sandwich, as they were meant to be; Rick Bayless really does know what he's doing! The salad, which consisted of chopped romaine, arugula, jicama, and cucumbers lightly tossed in an avocado lime dressing was a great compliment to the sandwich and very refreshing on such a hot day. There was quite a bit of jicama and cucumber in the salad, which added a nice crunch, and the dressing was really good- I need to figure out how to recreate this! I also tried a bite of the chorizo sausage torta which had some unique flavors. It was good and a bit spicier than our chicken. The seafood meal-in-a-bowl-caldo was also yummy! The soup had the perfect amount of spice without being overbearing, in what looked like a tomato broth, and it was chock full of veggies and a variety of seafood. When we finished our meals, we let them know we were ready for our churros. 3 churros and a side of very dark melted chocolate showed up at our table minutes later. We quickly devoured them and didn't leave one drop of chocolate behind (we were licking our fingers- and the cup, I'm not going to lie). The chocolate had a unique taste that nobody could figure out, but it was soooo good. I will recommend this restaurant to anybody I know going to Chicago...as soon as I can figure out how to pronounce it. Can't wait to return here and will likely be dreaming of it until I do!!
