This is a top-tier Chicago restaurant, there is no doubt about it. The lines are ridiculous, but they are that way because the menu is absolutely unique, uncannily delicious, forever metamorphosing, and not very expensive. Just look at some of the current and past menu items and you will realize that this is a special place: Smoked Crayfish and Pork Sausage with Shrimp Remoulade and Caraway Havarti Cheese Cognac-Infused Pheasant Sausage with Chive-Dijon Goat's Butter and Duck Rillettes Rattlesnake Sausage with Smoked Gouda and some sort of nut that I can't remember right now As a seasoned veteran of this place, I know a few secrets which I will share with you now. You're Welcome.  1) If you get there at 10:30-11 on a weekday, the line is relatively short. Like 5-10 minutes short. 2) If it is a weekday and you are ordering more than 25$ worth of food, you can call your order in and pick it up, thus avoiding any line. Yes, you will receive the ire and burning wrathful stares of the hundred or so people you walk past going straight to the counter and picking up your food, but it's worth it. 25$ is probably more than a normal person's order, but I usually always clear 25$ because I have a problem. 3) The specialty sausages are honestly why you are here, why you waited in line, and why Hot Dougs is Hot Dougs. The choices rotate frequently, so if you see something delicious sounding, you should get it, it may not be there for long. I recommend always getting at least 2 sausages, trust me you won't regret it. Also, if you finally get to the front of the line, order 1 regular hot dog with nothing on it (I've seen this done before), you are doing it wrong! 4) The Duck Fat Fries are also amazing, only offered on Friday and Saturday, which adds significant wait time and why Doug does not allow aforementioned tip #2 of calling in your order. They are a specialty which I love, bring a book. 5) The tip jar is not just there to look at people. 6) If you get a tattoo of the Hot Doug's logo, you get free Hot Doug's for life. This is true, ask Doug yourself when you go there. When I think about all the times I've been here and all the fabulous encased meat varieties I've tried, it's really quite impressive that Doug can still come up with new menu items that still satisfy just as much as his previous masterpieces. Thankfully Doug seems to really love doing this, and I am glad to have known his work. A true sausage genius!
