MMM... I love love love korean bbq, so when I learned that my favorite place ever, Cho Sun Ok, is currently closed, I trekked north to San Soo Gab San because it seems to be the "other" korean bbq place that everyone loves. I was disappointed for several reasons. Don't get me wrong though, it was tasty, but seriously flawed. Let's start with the banchan (little side dishes). There are tons, and they're all great! Way more than Cho Sun Ok. I was surprised in earlier reviews that said they won't refill them if you ask. Our waitress refilled several of ours, but then again, it wasn't too busy. So, we got the broiled marinated beef and the thinly sliced un-marinated beef. This is where my biggest issues with SSGS comes in... The marinated beef is cooked on a charbroiled grill, which my korean friend says is actually authentic. The pieces of meat, though, were small and easily fell through the grill. The taste was bland, and I wasn't impressed. The thinly sliced beef was cut into circles and covered in peppers, onions, and mushrooms to also throw onto the bbq. This was so annoying because there was VERY little meat and a whole lot of vegetables. We cooked the meat and it was tasty, but nothing spectacular. It didn't seem very fresh, as the corners of each slice were slightly dried out. At the end of all of our meat cooking (which took approximately 5 minutes because there was so little meat), the waitress came over and cooked the vegetables for us and urged us to eat them because they were healthy. This was adorable and we ate them without argument. All in all, I was really disappointed by San Soo Gab San because it's pricier than most korean bbq and the portions they give you are WAY less than you are paying for. I like korean bbq because it's good for a group of 5 or 6 and everyone leaves pleasantly full and satisfied. At SSGS, though, the only way this is going to happen is if you order multiple orders of the same thing, resulting in a huge bill. Final though? Cho Sun Ok, please re-open!
