Every time I go to Xoco I am impressed. The food is so incredible, and they try to be consistently local and fresh - listing the farms they use for each product. So if you feel like it's a bit more expensive that some other Mexican-inspired fare, you can take comfort in supporting sustainable, high quality sources. I really don't think it's expensive at all for what you get. And I love watching the pastry chefs at work while waiting in line! When crowded, the flow of this restaurant is different from others, and I've watched people get frustrated with it, even complain. I think it's really efficient for the set up - just trust the servers (they're really good). There's basically 2 lines. If you want to eat there, stay to the right - against the wall. You'll wait to order, and when you get near the front someone will give you a number based on the size of your party. They've already found space for you to sit by the time you order. If you're taking it to go, you can go to the left and basically jump to the head of the line to order. Then there's an area back by the door where you can wait for your food to be prepared. The space isn't very intimate. There's a lot of bar style seating around the outer walls and a few tables that you may end up sharing with other parties. People seem to expect to have a table to themselves after waiting for a half hour, but the space is small, and they're trying to accommodate as many people as possible. But with food so delicious, I'd really expect nothing less than frequently crowded quarters. After ordering (or before if you're parched from waiting), there's a tap to help yourself to water - sparkling or still. I don't know why, but this is the best sparkling water I have ever had. They always have about 4 flavored waters steeping with ingredients like tamarind, watermelon, and lemongrass. They also have a good selection of beer and wine. The chocolate drinks are where it's at, though. All of them. The Aztec (with chile and allspice), The Almendrado (with almond milk), chocolate with a shot of espresso, or with a shot of homemade dulce de leche to make it thick and creamy - the list of options goes on. But I've never had a chocolate concoction that was bad at Xoco. The food- it's all amazing. But I have a hard time not ordering the Ahogada (in-house only, folks). A pork carnitas sandwich on a crunchy Labriolla bun turned face down in a bowl of tomato broth with spicy arbol chile sauce offered mild, medium or hot. So you sop up this delicious broth as you're eating the sandwich. It's unbelievable. The show stopper dessert is 3 churros with Mexican vanilla soft-serve. If you're eating in, and you order a cake, tart, or cookie - they'll give it to you when you order. If you order churros, ice cream, or a chocolate drink, they'll bring it out to you after you're finished with your meal. It's all delicious, really, but the hot cinnamon churros with cool vanilla ice cream wins. They have other sundae concoctions involving things like bacon and caramel, but I haven't made it that far into the menu yet. In short, the flow of the restaurant is perhaps not what you'd expect, but I'll bet you'd never expect food to be so delicious, either.
