Hearing all the buzz about Chicago pizza coming from Las Vegas, we definitely had to try it and since Giordano's claimed to have the "famous Chicago stuffed pizza" we gave the restaurant a go. However, be prepared to be waiting; waiting to be seated, waiting to be served, waiting for food. On a Saturday summer afternoon, the place was busy and the temperature was warm. The air was not very refreshing coming from the humid outdoor weather (and coming from Las Vegas where every store has sub-zero temperatures, this was not a good start). Although the wait was told at 35 minutes, is probably only took them 15 minutes to seat. When seated, however it did take another 5-8 minutes for a server to come over. They do warn you on the menu that Chicago deep-dish pizza does take a 30-40 minute wait so in knowing that, we ordered mozerella sticks to come before our small stuffed cheese and sausage pizza. The wait for the sticks was about ten minutes but they were amazing. The cheese wasn't so gooey that you had to keep pulling it and it didn't choke you as you swallowed. Served well with ranch and/or their marinera. Twenty minutes later when the pizza came out, our server did not serve it to us on our plates like all the other servers did for every other party. In fact our server was not seen again until we were finished with our pizza. But, the pizza was pretty good. Not up to what we hoped but I think we had amazing high hopes. The crust was similar to a cracker consistancy and though I am usually a crust lover, I couldn't finish eating the outside crust. The sauce was good and they used real cut up sausage (not the small little balls). If you like a cheezy pizza, then you'll love it. Massive amounts of cheese stuffed inside there. So cheezy! If you're not a big cheese lover, like my friend, then you might be more like her and feel sick with the amount of cheese. Overall, the pizza's are big (three of us shared a small and didn't even finish), the mozerella sticks are yummy, and the service sub-par. Definitely not what we expected for Chicago pizza.
