6.9/10 After reading all of these reviews, I really wanted to like India House - but alas, when it comes to Indian cuisine, I'll keep dining along Devon. It started out fair enough - the dining room itself is warm, gorgeous and filled with the buzz of happy patrons. The wait staff may even outnumber the guests (which was especially ironic when it came time to pay the bill - after the table was finally cleared of the meal and the leftovers we're neatly bagged and returned to the table, I waited with my wallet and credit card on display for 20 minutes before the check was presented, then waited another 15 minutes for the receipt). But I'm ahead of myself. We were seated in the quaint upstairs room, complete with baffling curtains and tasteful decor, and presented with the wine list. The wine list features several pages of well annotated choices, ranging from the moderate and modest to the ostentatious ($290 for some fancy red in this place is ridiculous). Now, I will drive great lengths for good beer, but there is none to be had here - just your usual Taj, Kingfisher, Amstel and the ilk (all lagers, and nothing on draft). We enjoyed our choices of Napa and Sonoma Chardonnays. Perhaps the best aspect of the meal was the delivery of sliced naan with a tomato puree dipping sauce (don't let the waiters take it when they clear the appetizers - it's handy later in your meal) - what a special treat. It's true what folks are saying here about the naan - it could well be the best in the city. We started with samosas and the vegetable pakoras. Both were bland, devoid of character and depth - and greasy. We then were presented with dal ka shorba, a mellow lentil soup with a hint of clove - it's nice enough. For our mains, we ordered Tandoori shrimp (which comes with a generous basket of that lovely naan, dal, and a small portion of light white rice - you're right to complain that one should have to pay for seconds of that rice), and channa masala. The shrimp, er prawns, were huge and varied in flavor from one to another. Some were briney, bland and stringy, others were succulent and bursting with a cultured tandoor flavor. But for $24, it was a disappointing dish. The channa lacked a definitive flavor to the extent that I found myself mixing the dal with it for some semblance of spice and variety - the sliced onion had more character than the whole dish. But I tend to measure Indo-Pak cuisine by the masala. And that's the final word here, this food isn't spicy. I like it when my mouth is on fire and my nose is running. When it was finally all said and done, $80 seemed outlandish for this experience. And as an aside, having opted for the self-park, if you respect your car you may want to avoid the valet service in this area of River North. We saw vehicle after vehicle abused by those aggressive guys in red jackets running from tip to tip in the garage.
