Remarkable in its' badness. Stayed long enough to get a bill, but never got to eat. I went to Meli's for breakfast on Sunday morning, 1/08/12. Place looks clean. My server was bad through and through. To start with, I was there early enough to beat the rush. The place wasn't too busy. Despite that, she ignored me for so long (not even acknowledging me), I had to ask the manager to bring me coffee. a That was only the beginning. The menu advertised pancakes, filled with cranberries, covered with almonds. I asked the server to bring me the cranberry pancakes, with no almonds on them. She brought the pancakes, with almonds on them. I asked her if I could please have them without almonds. Her face registered an expression indicating that I had made an unexpected, weird request. "Oookay", she said. She took the pancakes away. She returned shortly after that and asked me. "Sir, why didn't you just order the regular pancake dish?" I told her that the cranberry pancakes had cranberries in them. Okay, she said, and left again. I thought it couldn't get any worse than that. But she returned shortly after that, and asked, "Why don't you want almonds? Do you have allergic reaction to almonds or some other reason?" At this point, I was half-expecting a camera crew to come out saying this whole thing was a setup. But it was real life. I think the only way this could have gotten any worse, would have been if she had come back out of her nook, hit me with her tray and then thrown scalding hot coffee in my face. I asked if she needed to know that so that she could feel free to scrape the almonds off the first order. "They told me to ask you", she said. I told her I didn't think I had to justify my request. "Well. Ok", she said, and went away again. I watched her disappear into the kitchen area. A couple minutes later, two or three servers came out of that area, looked at me, and retreated. I got up and went to the kitchen area to tell her to cancel my order. Before I could say anything, one of the servers who had come out to look at me said, "Sir, just get back to your seat. We'll be right with you. Back to your seat, sir." About five minutes later, a woman wearing a business jacket (I'm assuming she was the hostess) came to my table and asked if everything was ok. I told her if everything was ok, she wouldn't have just showed up at my table. I told her what had happened. While we talked, the server was at the table next to ours, taking orders. The hostess said she couldn't understand why the server had done those things. I said, well, she's standing right there, why don't you ask her? She didn't ask her. They charged me for the coffee, but they had a different waitress bring me the bill.
