This was my first time to dinner in Buck Town and I loved it. What a great area to explore. We went to Coast to celebrate some friends' birthday and everything ran very smoothly. We had reservations at 7 and were seated immediately. The restaurant is divided between two long rooms and the decor is an Asian urban and is very tastefully done. The crowd is hip and more on the younger side. We were celebrating 30 something birthdays and were definitely on the older end. The ambiance is great in this place however at some points it was hard to distinguish between the wasabi and ginger because the lights were so low. The seating was great, comfortable and enough room for 6 of us at a corner booth in the front. The tables are close together but it wasn't a problem.  Our waitress was awesome, very attentive and made some very good suggestions in terms of someone in our party having a food allergy.  It was hard to hear her at times, like everyone was saying it can get pretty loud, so be prepared to be talking at a yelling level.  We order the sesame crusted scallops as an appetizer. To die for, I would highly recommend them. So good it took 3-4 bites to finish. We decided to order Sushimi and maki rolls. My favorites were the wasabi, dragon, and fatty white tuna. Everything was nicely presented however the maki was on the smaller side. Great for woman but they could of gone a little bigger for the price.  We brought champagne and wine. Our waitress immediately greeted us with glasses and offered to uncork the champagne. I am really diggin the BYOB. It cuts down on the cost and you can bring what you want. I think the pinot grigio we brought went well with the meal. The staff was very nice however I would tell them they need to relax on clearing the table. It felt like there was an arm in front clearing something every other minute. It was a little distracting and somewhat disruptive to the conversation. They did light a candle and place it on the dessert we ordered while we sang happy birthday.  Overall, I thought it was a great place. You're definitely paying for the scene but the food was delisch. We were well taken care of by the staff and our waitress even made recommendations for someone that had a food allergy. Sweet!  Pros: SCALLOPS, SCALLOPS, SCALLOPS  educated and helpful waitress, hip environment, reservations taken, BYOB no corkage fee is spent more than 15 a person (not hard to do), great presentation and ambiance Cons: The noise level, the one bathroom (??? so always a line)(that really surprised me they definitely skimped), the constant clearing of the table, no parking, no valet, must cab it or walk.
