WOW!!! I could probably stop there and get tons of "useful" comments. I'm a picky person and this is one of the only few places that get my 5-star. I have been to Fogo a hand-full of times and have yet been to those other Brazilian steakhouse places that shall remain nameless. I am only reviewing this place solely on this place and not comparing it to them other restaurants.  The tables are nice and spaced out, you never feel like you are too close to the table next to you. They have give enough room for those fine gaucho servers to give you all you can eat. Once advice though, try not to sit in front of the winter months. We did that once and it was quite a chilly experience.  Reservations are a must or be prepare to wait a few hours on the weekend if you don't. The last time I went there, we arrived probably 30 minutes late for our reservations, the had us sit at the bar for 10-15 minutes before they sited us, which was not bad at all. Now onto the food, their food is superb, PERIOD!! The salad bar have a huge selection and it taste very fresh and it is full of flavor. From sliced ham to cheese to other salad ingredients in which I am not familiar with but sure does taste good, it is all there. Only thing missing would be some kind of soup, but that's really neither here nor anywhere else. They give you this red/green flipping coaster-looking thing on your table so when you are ready to pig out, flip it green and gauchos will be near and ready to serve within seconds!! From Fillet Mignon to lamb to chicken with bacon. Everything is so great and if you get a meat in which you don't like, I'm not sure how that would even be possible, just flip it back to green and get something else. I do have to recommend the fillet mignon and the lamb. But just try it all!! The sides are great too, the plantains and mashed potatoes and not to mention those breaded ball!!! All so good, I swear they sprinkle some crack on everything! The drinks are good too, although I have only ordered the Caipirinha, a very cool and great drink. Once thing to share though, the last I was there (November 09), my fiance ordered some martini drink and had probably 1/4 of the drink left on her drink and the manager (I assume) came by with a new frozen martini glass and poured the rest of her drink on the new frozen glass. We thought that was really cool of them and showed they had a great eye for detail.  Besides the food, the service is awesome. They don't do the whole one waiter per table thing, so whenever you need something just turn your head one way or another at 30 degrees and you can always find someone to help you . If there's a certain meat that you haven't seen passed you by, just ask for it and they will bring it right away!! Oh always try to save room for dessert. I know its hard not to stuff your face with meat but the dessert are great. From the tiramisu to the cheesecake you can't go wrong. And if it's your birthday, they offer a complementary dessert (of your choice) with a candle.  Anyhow, I don't understand how some of the reviewers here are talking about them being vegetarian and giving it a bad review because their salad bar don't really cater to their needs, STOP IT!! You know what you are getting into and if you don't, look it up on Yelp!! I'm sure nobody forced you to go and if it was your group's decision to go and not yours, you need to find some veggie lover friends.  This place is great, no question about it. Make sure you come hungry and ready. Place is expensive, but like I said you should know what you are getting yourself into. This is not a place where you are able to go every month or so. So make sure you save up, have a good cardiovascular workout plan afterwards and get ready to pig out. Enjoy, green means GO GO!!
