One of the worse experiences doesn't even begin to describe the experience we had. My sister Caryn, had her thirtieth birthday here. I thought wow, a bit extravagant...but really it's a HUGE birthday marker for her and she really deserves to be pampered. So I though, why not? They'll make sure she's taken care of...BOY WAS I WRONG, read her testimonial since I wasn't there with her bad experience...SO, MY bad experience she didn't mention. A week prior my sister asked me if I wanted to get a treatment and have a girls day for her birthday. Very EXCITED I said yes, and asked her to book me a facial. The night before (less than 12 hours notice) they contacted her and stated they were cancelling my appointment and gave no reason. Caryn doesn't like to complain and asked me if that was ok...I was disappointed but, didn't want to cause a problem and just let it go. Later that night we were supposed to have dinner at AJA, Dana hotel's restaurant. When we walked in the restaurant's hostess looked at us like we were crazy when we said we had a reservation with Caryn. We had to call Caryn for the hostess to acknowledge we had a reservation. The hostess told us that we HAD to wait for the rest of the party in the bar area WHICH IS NOT HEATED and it was the same temperature as the outside. My Father, who is elderly, could not sit in this cold room and we insisted to be seated. After having an argument with the manager they obliged. We sat down and the bus boy proceeded to pour water in our glasses and our laps. YES OUR LAPS. For some bizarre reason he poured the water into the glass spilling it and then proceeded to continue to pour outside the glass on the table and into our laps. And he did that to all 15 settings of the table.Caryn had not arrived and we didn't want to spoil her evening so politely mentioned it to the waiter and he apologized. We ordered our drinks and they gave us a canter (of sake) that leaked. SO half the sake went into the glass and half went onto the table. The waiter apologized and was super embarrassed. He was kind enough to give us extra napkins to clean up the mess the buss boy and the faulty canter created.We ordered our food...Which was a complete disaster and completely disorganized. One by one when our food eventually came out. SERIOUSLY EVENTUALLY, from the time we ordered the food to the first course to arrive at our table was an HOUR. By this time we were all RAVENOUS but, relieved at the sight of the first plate coming out. We were all staring at the first plate of food, like starving wolves just coming out of winter and finding a dead carcass, and thinking in relief, "OH GREAT, my food won't be very far off behind." YEAH, we were wrong. Not wanting to be rude the ONE person who got their food waited until someone else got their food...Which was 10 minutes later...I KID YOU NOT! I have never had service like this. Literally only one person every 10 MINUTES got their food. The food was cold by the time the next plate came out. By this time we encouraged everyone just to eat when they got their food. The delivery of the food was to ridiculous we actually asked the staff to cancel the rest of the orders. 10 Minutes later the REST of the food arrived! Miraculously.It only took TWO HOURS TO GET EVERYONE ONE FED. I use the word FED loosely. This whole dinner was supposed to be $1000...for a $1000 dinner one would think they would have their stuff together and at the very lease feed the customers properly. After dinner here we had to have dinner again somewhere else. The portions were substandard, wasn't all that good, and the service lacked. Our waiter did what he could with what he had so, I can't say he was a bad waiter...Just everything else.After that pathetic dinner My family went upstairs to Caryn's room when we arrived at the floor there was BOOMING music coming from all directions. I asked Caryn if she was taking us to the night club, she laughed and said "No, Apparently this is the party floor." The room was nice and spacious and the view was nice. The wait staff arrived to set up the room for her party (which is why I am surprised that they gave her such a hard time after we left)Overall, I am very disappointed in this whole experience and I am even more so upset that our family PLUNKED down all that money for a special occasion that was ruined by Dana Hotel. If you want your special event to be ruined go here.
