Four fucking stars are you kidding me! I have had more satisfying Mexican food in the middle of the desert picked off the seat of a bus from Nogales. Yes they have been there forever, yes there are a lot of Mexicans who love this place. There are also a fair amount of hipsters, suburbanites and transplants singing its glories. A review of a restaurant must be critical to all things. We can't let tradition get in the way of our eating experience. If we fail to be critical, who will raise their standards after they slip? Now I am assuming the standards are slipping, but this I doubt. Opened in 1962 the ingredients, the local pallet, were not nearly as refined as today. They expanded, kept a customer base loyal and that takes a lot of hard work. For this Nuevo Leon gets one big fat star for endurance.  Entering the restaurant, I was surprised to find it not very crowded, a few politicians were circling around thanking a few of their cohorts. The seats very close together, I felt quite cramped. The chips, salsa, and pickles showed up quickly as did our water. Looking through the menu, which was large and awkwardly laid out, I noticed "home made mole." I am always very suspicious of this claim, mole takes a half life to hammer down, and you just don't whip it up, and to charge $8 for a dish with mole seems insane. On the flip side there are very good mole pastes that you can buy that mimmick the home made in adequate facsimile. The menu had all the usual Northern specialties, tampiquena, barbacoa with beef, and carne asada. Nothing was jumping out at me except the cash only sign. I am a fan of cash only, when the people I am dining with also have cash! The salsa reminded me of vacation, not vacation to Oaxaca or Mexico city, vacation to Wisconsin. A day with the kids at a water park, then over to the Hungry Coyote for some fajitas, and presto, a watery uninspiring salsa that the tamest of Midwestern children can douse their chips with. The waitress then dropped off small plates with a potato, and albondigas (meatball) covered in a little broth, this had a nice aroma and the meatball was seasoned nicely, I enjoyed it but only because it reminded me of my Mexican friend "Taco" I grew up with, his house smelled like this meatball. I settled on one of my favorites, guisado de puerco, pork stew, it was served with refried beans, rice and a choice of flour or corn tortilla.. My first impressions were, wow that was fast, like way to fast, at least pretend their is some al minute preparation going on back there. The rice was salty and tasted like sazon, the hispanic version of accent prevalent in home cooking. The pork was tender, but uninspiring, the sauce, salty and a touch greasy very little flavor from the chiles. The refried beans on first taste were decadent, unlike any I had ever had, you could see charred chunks of darker beans, whoever fried these used quite the heavy hand. Once a few tastes worked their way into my system I realized I couldn't go on. These beans had achieved maximum density of pork fat. They didn't flatten out on the plate, they were so rich I feared finishing them could ruin my evening. My girlfriend ordered,chicken enchiladas with the home made mole, when they arrived there was no mole, they were the ancho sauced version. The sauce was monosyllabic, and the chicken was so dry and stringy, paired with the same beans and salty rice, it was a real loser of a dish. Mostly uneaten it lay while waiting for a box to take home my bits of pork that were left. The waitress then brought me a tiny Styrofoam plate and a piece of tin foil, accompanied by a little paper bag. I had already drizzled my guisado sauce onto the chicken enchiladas to give it some moisture, but they sucked it up like the Sonoran sun. Good thing I did, because this plate would not have held any sauce for a trip home. I have eaten at more Mexican restaurants than I could count, this is in the lower 10%. Geared to churn and burn customer after customer, I am willing to bet opening any random door on 18th street may give you a better chance at a satisfying meal than at Nuevo Leon. Here is my list of places for good Mexican eats. http://www.yelp.com/list
