This place is somewhat of an interesting establishment. I've lived only a few blocks from here on Pine Grove and Diversey some years back. Before it was called "Crisp", it was just a place with Korean food and sushi. Not to say of course that it was bad at all, because it wasn't. Prior to it's makeover, you could tell the establishment was fairly new and they were just getting used to their feet wet. Their menu had your general variety of Korean foods, pure and traditional in every sort of way. It was always funny to see the ol' man telling the Mexican cooks how to make the bulgogi with utter scrutiny. Can't blame him - he wants his customers to experience the real deal. I practically went here at least 3 times a week. I moved up further north and moaned the loss of such a reliable, tasty, and friendly establishment. I come back around the area shopping, happen to pass by and notice it's closed down, with all the windows covered up. They're renovating. "Awesome", I say to myself. They finally opened up, with a brand new menu selection and revamped decor. Oh how I was disappointed. One can never really figure out the circumstances behind any change a business makes. I can take a slight guess however. Diversey and Clark is drowning with your average variety of downtown workers who are in their 20's and 30's, living the life. "Yuppies" so to speak? Very american, very metro. It's definitely a customer base that has high expectations. So the new change? I get it. It is a business after all. Despite however you might interpret this review, I really like this place. They still serve some of the same meals they did prior to the make over. But then there's some of the new items that are off the wall and rather degrading. Yes, I refer to their menu section, " You so crazy? Korean Burritos". My grandmother would have a heart attack if she saw crap like this and knew even a lick of american euphemisms that stereotype Asians. Of course I don't take it seriously, it's all fun and all. I get it. But I personally don't think they had to go so far as to lose their dignity with silly concoctions i.e. Dakota Seoul Steak (Philly Cheese? Are you serious?? Philly Cheese and asian food stopped being friends when some idiot decided to invent the Philly Cheese Roll)? Ultimately, it's a tough call personally. What I did order, which was the Buddha which natives know as the Bi-Bim Bop, was very good. And the same folks before the renovation were still there, just as nice and hospitable as before. Go hit the place up. If you're looking for a fun time with an interesting introduction to korean cuisine, dashed with some awkward pairings of american recipes - it'll make your stomach fit right in. But if you're looking for real Korean food, think a little elsewhere. Asking or a "Baby Buddha" or a "Dakota Steak Seoul" in korea will only give you weird looks.
