My boyfriend has been bugging me to open a Yelp account for some time now. We love to eat out and try new restaurants, especially when we're traveling, so he thought that I should share our experiences with others since Yelp reviews have helped us narrow down new places to try in the past. But it wasn't until I ate at Alinea that I was inspired to write a review. So I dedicate this first review to him and Alinea, if you can do such a cheesy thing. Before I get into a few details, I would sum up Alinea as the best dining experience I've had so far. It beats Daniel and LeBernadin in NY, Providence and Sona in LA, Robuchon L'atelier and even Bar Charlie in Vegas (Bar Charlie being my favorite fine dining restaurant until Alinea). My first visit to Chicago was last week. We went for my boyfriend's birthday and were able to snatch a last minute reservation at Alinea on Friday night at 5:30 p.m. When we first called, they were all booked for December but the trick is to keep calling each day for any last minute cancellations. Because Alinea charges something like $100 per person if you don't cancel within 48 hours or so of the reservation, people who can't make it tend to cancel early to avoid this expense. So don't give up if you can't get a table the first time. Keep trying.  5:30 p.m. is pretty early for dinner if you ask me, especially since we're from California and that meant eating dinner at 3:30 p.m. But it couldn't have worked out better. The restaurant consists of two floors. Upstairs is divided into two rooms. They have two seatings per night, one starting at around 5:30 and the other around 7:30 p.m. or so and the in between reservations are staggered. Because we were the first in our seating, every dish that came out was a complete surprise to us. The patrons who arrived later would see our dishes being served, and thus, the element of surprise was somewhat spoiled for them. So don't feel bad if you get a 5 or 5:30 p.m. reservation. Because I don't want to ruin the surprise for anyone thinking about trying Alinea, I won't go through the 20 or so items that we had. We are not wine drinkers so we did not get the pairing; they do not have any other alcohol other than some beers. They don't give you a menu until the end of the meal, as a keepsake. The menu changes seasonally. Of the 20 items we had, there were 3 misses. I disliked most the rabbit consomme and could not finish it. But most of the dishes were original, creative and tasty, and about five or six dishes were to die for. With the $195 charge per person, nominal fee for bottled water and my cappuccino, tax and a 20% tip, the bill for two was about $530. My boyfriend and I both thought the experience was well worth it and we would definitely go back the next time we are in Chicago (especially because Bar Charlie is now closed :()
