So good. I walked in the door and read the menu - felt right at home. As a displaced Southerner, I appreciate any place up North that serves comfort food - as I define it. They had many craft beers on tap and my waiter was great about finding out what I like and guiding me towards a beer I would like. She did. I had a great a Belgian wheat - Sheet Metal Blond. While I was waiting, they brought out housemade bread and butter pickles and bbq chips. Mmmm, good. I decided to try many things so that I could get a taste for what Q had to offer. I opted for the pulled pork and half slab of St. Louis ribs. Everything is smoked but doesn't have any sauce ... yet. They bring out 4 different options: a spicy bbq (that's really spicy), a Carolina mustard, a Carolina vinegar, and an original mild. I tried them all. I mostly enjoyed the Carolina vinegar and the original mild. Yum. I also ordered a few "premium sides." Cole slaw came with my plate. I ordered the braised greens, brulee'd mac and cheese, and some of their cornbread. The cole slaw was perfect - not too mayonaise-ish and creamy, but really good. The braised greens I was really looking forward to - and they were alright. Not amazing, but that maybe because I grew up eating amazing greens in Georgia. The brulee'd mac and cheese was highly touted in some people's reviews. It was pretty good - but didn't quite live up to the hype of some reviewers on Yelp. The cornbread was good - and it came as a huge block. Huge I tell you. My waiter was really good. She was sharp and funny. My food came out incredibly quick and she almost apologized - letting me know that I was in no way being rushed. So I sat and enjoyed my food. They brought me out a lemon and a lava hot towel to wash my hands after dinner was finished. Very thoughtful. Next time I will sample the incredible bourbon/whisky selection. It was pretty good. Everything was really good. They had some outside seating and the interior was very cool. It felt a little more upscale than the pricing suggested. Cool, relaxed vibe. Will I go back? Yes. Will I recommend it to others? Yes.
