Mastro's is a great addition to Chicago's collection of steakhouse restaurants. The service is excellent; everything you'd expect from an upscale restaurant. I was having a business dinner here, and arrived with two colleagues about 5 minutes before our reservation. So we started with some classic cocktails at the bar. Mastro's has a great bar, with high-top tables, small booths and plenty of at bar seating, great for small groups. The bar can fit a lot of people, but has a small, intimate feel. And of course is has a grand piano, to complete the Chicago steakhouse vibe. While we sipped our strong, potent drinks, we were enticed by the wonderful smells and sounds that flew by us as waiters brought bar patrons appetizers and entrees. The seafood tower that was smoking with dry ice; the sizzling sounds of delicious steaks being served on sizzling platters. The smells, sights and sounds were getting all of mentally prepared for the wonderful dinner that was to follow.  The food and drinks were just wonderful. We started with the seafood tower appetizer for our table of six, and it had practically everything that once swam in sea. Crab, lobster, oysters, shrimp, you name it! The taste of each item was just as impressive as the presentation. For my entree, I had the bone-in ribeye accompanied by lobster mashed potatoes and broccoli. The steak was PERFECTION. A few colleagues ordered the bone-in filet, and were also very pleased with their choices. Actually - every person at my table was pleased with their entree, including the vegetarian who had maybe a portabello entree? I don't remember exactly what she had because I was in steak heaven! For dessert we had the butter cake, which is a must for the table to share. It is very decadent, but just amazing. I only had one spoonful, but that's all you need. A few other noteworthy things to mention: - I ordered a vodka gimlet on the rocks, and after they pour your drink, they give you the shaker. So you can get at least two drinks out of each drink order! So I guess my two vodka gimlets was really four...oops! - The wine list is great. We had a nice malbec, but didn't want to double down on the same bottle since it was somewhat pricier, and our waitress recommended another great bottle for us to enjoy with our steaks.  - While the restaurant is pricey, I did not find it to be that pretentious or snobby. The dining room had a fun, lively, loud feel to it. This would be a great place to celebrate a birthday with a mix of friends and family. I will find a reason to come back again -- dining with clients, celebrating an occasion with family -- whatever the reason, Mastro's is on the top of my list!
