I don't understand why everyone thinks this place is romantic. I guess it is dark and wicked expensive and there is a guy playing the guitar most of the time which I guess could set the mood. Otherwise, this place is ok. First, there is a lot of food if you order any of the meat dishes. And I mean A LOT of food. Second, I wasn't kidding about the wicked expensive part. A dinner for two will EASILY send you over the bill mark. Throw in some wine or other cocktails and it could send near the two bill mark. Third, if you are using a groupon or http://restaurant.com certificate (hey its expensive and I HIGHLY recommend you get some sort of discount), make sure you print it out. The place is a dungeon, and they don't allow customers to use their wifi which means you probably won't be able to download the groupon/certificate on your phone. Fourth, consider getting just the cheese and chocolate fondue instead of the meat dinners. Ok yes the allure of going out to eat involves eating meat for most of us omnivores but seriously you will be wasting a lot of food if you decide to eat some meat even if you arrive HUNGRY. If you do decide to order the meats then here is what happens. They start you off with a small and un-alluring salad, in fact, tell your waiter to just skip it since really you are wanting meat (since you decided against my advice to not order meat) and you will be getting plenty of other veggies and such that some lettuce and cucumbers on a plate will simply take room, albeit a small amount of room, in your stomach. Then comes the cheese fondue. AWESOME! I mean who does want cheese like all the time save those poor souls who are lactose intolerant? Then comes the big plate of meat with all kind of veggies. Since they only give you four skewers per person, you tend to eat very slowly. Which is good right? I mean anyone who reads weight loss articles knows that you should eat slowly to prevent overeating. Which is exactly what will happen, before you know it, you will be stuffed and there will be extra veggies and meat on the tray that you cannot finish. But wait, Geja's is not finished in tempting you to fit more food in your mouth as then chocolate fondue comes out! AWESOME! Except for the fact that your pants are about to burst and you've already got the feeling that any post-romantic dinner activities with your significant other will be limited to sitting on the couch letting your food digest. But SERIOUSLY who can deny a pot of melted chocolate with a bunch of goodies surrounding it? So you attempt to have more and more realizing there are starving children somewhere in the world and you've eaten enough food in the last hour that could have fed one of those kids for 3 days. But resistance is futile as you see the chocolate dripping from the marsh mellows as you roll them in graham cracker crumbles and think you have room for a couple of more. Alas then the bill comes and you realize you should have eaten everything on the plate since it may leave your wallet empty for the next couple of days. So please, take my advice, arrive about 20 minutes prior to reservations. Sit at the bar and have some great cheese and crackers. Order just the cheese and chocolate fondue. End your romantic evening on a good note.
