This was my fourth and final visit to Spacca Napoli. Two visits ago, I was dining with a friend at a two-top. After our plates were cleared, Jonathan Goldsmith (the owner) came up to us and asked if we would mind moving to another table as he was trying to set up for a party of eight. He offered us each a grappa and apologized for the inconvenience. We obliged without question. Last night I was dining with 3 friends at a four-top. We had reservations and were seated promptly. After completing our meals (including dessert), our waiter offered us the check. At that time, we had been at our table for a little over an hour. In the middle of our conversation, Jonathan Goldsmith came to our table and asked if he could settle our bill, to which I replied, No, we haven't looked at it yet. Shortly there after, we put our credit cards in the jacket. Jonathan Goldsmith collected it and then returned it to us. Within 2 minutes of signing our credit card receipts, he returned to our table and asked if we would mind moving to the bar (where he would offer us grappa or a drink of our choice) because there were a lot people who were waiting to be seated. In protest, I told him that this was the second time in a month I had been asked to vacate my table at his restaurant and that I found it in poor taste to be asked to leave the dining room to make room for another party. Taking issue with my protest, he told me that he was sorry, but that he was trying to be nice and didn't want to make his other customers wait 1.5 hours to be seated. Frustrated, we left the restaurant.Sadly, Jonathan Goldsmith's behavior exemplifies what is experienced in American eateries across the country: namely, it isn't about making the customer feel welcome or encouraged to digest one's meal at the table on which it was served. It's about turning the tables and making sure that every last available dollar is taken in by the end of the night. Fortunately, I live in a city where there are a number of fantastic pizzerias and Italian restaurants where the owners and managers encourage you to enjoy your meal (Calos and Pizza D.O.C. being 2 perfect examples) in a relaxed, unhurried setting.
