Continuing my quest on finding places that make me feel like I'm eating at the chef's table, The Publican did not disappoint. I remarked that any place where I can see the chefs at work behind the mesmerizing stainless steel facade of the kitchen is a place where I'd feel right at home. Locally sourced? A definite plus. Initial snickering at the incubator-looking booths aside, we were seated side by side at the corner of one of the long tables that ran along the main room. How considerate, I pondered to myself, that rather than placing us somewhat awkwardly between two different conversations across from each other - mind you, these tables are about as private as economy seats on a sold-out US Airways flight - we could hear each other speak. Though I wished we had a private table to ourselves. "You'll love this place for all things pig", he mentioned, and boy was he right. I've had a curiosity for pork rinds ever since i saw them on the Food Network but for some strange reason, my home city of Boston does not deliver in abundance. The Publican did. Greasy, crisp, with a dash of cheese and spice. I wish it could have been spicier, but that is not the point, I downed more than my fair share. Oh before that, we had the oyster sampler too. Since I average so many Island Creeks every month that any more would send me straight to homesick highway, I took the west coast oysters and he took the east coast ones. Perfect and fresh, high flavor packed into a small package, though I wish there was more to the sauce. Sweet potato sformato. It was finger licking good, a perfect mound of heavenly mush coating my mouth. No pork belly available, but our waiter, who reminded me of a street saxophone player with his chill drawl, suggested the suckling pig with truffled rice soubise and cabbage. He noted that it would not be as tender. So it completely beat my expectations when it arrived, melting like butter under my knife, juicy and flavorful. The portions felt just right. Definitely hope to come back. Reservations recommended.
