The place is pretty entertaining. I have to say that I've been here both for drinks and for dinner. Someone mentioned below about the entrance being awkward. Not really! You come up the stairs and turn left. You walk into the first bar and seating area. At first glance, you think wait this place looks huge from the outside how can't it be this small. This is a great waiting area for your table. The bar is in a good location where you see all the beautiful people (Women) as they come in. Drinks are good, decently priced and depending on the time that you arrive you'll either find a band playing, a DJ mixing, or some good salsa music in the background Once you've had a drink or two and you're ready for your dinner. The hostess escorts you to the main dining area. You walk through a doorway that separates the "waiting area." and you feel as though you've stepped over the magic gateway. The dining area is massive. with a main room, upstairs dining areas and side dining rooms. I like to be out of the way but still able to see and feel the energy so I enjoy the side dining areas.  The food is very enjoyable. They put time and effort into it, and give you a chance to go the tapas route or have main course entrees. Although the food is not super spectacular you do feel as though it was worth the trip.  Once your dinner is over and you're there at the right time, you can move back to the front waiting area where the bar will probably be a little more crowded but a dance floor has emerged as well. Well for me, with latin food in my stomach and the latin music playing through the course of dinner, I can't think of a better way to end the night but to dance.  Carnivale is an experience. Very enjoyable. The hostess' are somewhat snotty but not so much to turn you off. The waiters are great and very helpful. The few times I've been I've always enjoyed myself. I hope the same can be said for you. I have reservations for next weekend. My girlfriends first time. Looking forward to her experience. Hope to see you there.
