We have gone to Glen's quite a few times for brunch, and have really liked it. However, due to the experience we had on Sunday morning, I will absolutely never go again. We got to the diner a few minutes early, as we were meeting 2 friends. There were 4 available tables outside, and about 9 available tables inside. The Host, asked how long our party would be, and we said a few minutes, as we knew they were on their way. He then informed us that it is their policy to not sit tables until all the guests had arrived. I understand this policy in a packed restaurant, but literally, the restaurant was not even at half compactly. So, I asked the Host, why we could not sit, considering their were open tables everywhere, and 4 waiters standing around with nothing to do. He said that is the policy, because they have had instances where people sit waiting for friends for far too long. So, we stood in the doorway, (mind you there is no space in this place), and the snippy host did not suggest us waiting outside or anywhere else, so we stood right in the doorway and waited. After 10 minutes of being completely in the way, I said to him. Is it really a problem if we just sit down? We are in the way here, and we would be happy to even order now, and not wait for our friends. He's reply was so rude, saying this is our policy, you have already been waiting for your friends for 10 minutes!, his voice raised.  My husband actually walked out, because he was so upset that someone was speaking to us like that. (also again I remind you the restaurant was SLOW at this point..the host was not under pressure) However, I am not one to give up easily. So, I pressed on, asking how us sitting and ordering would be detrimental to the restaurant at all. I also asked if it was his restaurant, because it that was my restaurant and I heard an employee speaking to my customers in that way I would take a hard look at the types of people I was employing. Between my speaking with the host and my husband walking out, one of the waiters who I have seen their before, asked what was going on. He said, he was sorry, we will get sat right away, but that the host was following policy. I get policies like that, but sometimes common sense needs to come into play. Or common courtesy. Also, if there really was no bending the policy, would it has been that difficult to say, I can't sit you at a table, but you can wait at the counter? This place is a joke. Aside from the waiter who actually let common sense prevail, everyone in the place acts like an idiot. I would think it would not take a genius to understand, you want to fill your restaurant, not have people walk out. I have never been treated so rudely at a restaurant, especially one where breakfast averages at $14 per person. Needless to say I will never go back and advise anyone who will listen to never go back! Overrated and full of rude employees!
