this was, up until now of course, what i had considered one of my top 3 favorite restaurants in chicago....and that's saying a lot because i lived there for a decade and i live for food! i recently returned to chicago for a weekend trip, and made it a priority of mine to squeeze in a visit to las tablas in the small time frame that i had. it has been about 3 years since i've moved from chicago, so i hadn't yet had the chance to visit the newly remodeled and relocated las tablas. i was excited... i could go on for pages about my experience, because when i left there smoke was literally coming out of my ears! but....i'm gonna spare you the frustration of having to read the details and touch on the important aspects of my subpar experience, hoping that after having read this you will seriously reconsider visiting this location. i'm going to preface everything with a disclaimer that the food is unique and exceptional...however, i would highly recommend calling on the phone and placing a to-go order! the waitstaff and management at las tablas is beyond a joke. not only did i wait 30 minutes for my food to arrive on a less than busy day, but in those 30 minutes i was forced to watch my friends eat their entire plates as they were served waaaaaaay before me! now, you'd think a restaurant that is cocky enough to charge $20+ a plate for inexpensive ingredients would have it together enough to execute a dining experience that surpasses that of a 24-hour diner. but no...i found myself wishing i had gone to golden nugget! now, i'm not one of those people that complains about poor service...in fact, my friends and i talked about it for a good 20 minutes before deciding that something needed to be said...mind you, we could afford to contemplate over our dilemma for 20 minutes because our waiter had not returned to our table since he threw our plates on the table. anyway...moving right along, i think they hired the "manager" for show, because upon speaking with him it was clear that he served no functional purpose for the customers. not only did our waiter blatantly lie to our faces in front of the manager about having told us that our food would be brought out at separate times( i mean...why would we have still ordered then?!), but the manager believed the waiter over us and argued with us in the middle of the restaurant! how unprofessional...it was truly embarrassing. finally, after an extra 30 minutes of our time was wasted trying to get some justice from the so-called manager, he decided to give us $10 off of our bill. wow. gee, thanks...that just about covered the tip that the waiter would have gotten had he been present at our table to so much as refill a single water glass. i am truly embarrassed that i recommended for my friends to accompany me here....and what's even worse, i am depressed that i will never feel comfortable setting foot in one of my favorite restaurants again. save yourself the frustration and about an hour and a half of your time...
