Full review in Blog Checking in our hostess stated "Yes, we've been expecting you - and thank goodness you have reservations!" Led quickly to our seats in the main dining room overlooking the open kitchen we were quickly seated, water was poured, and menus were delivered. Browsing around the room we were greeted with much more whimsy - from obscure pinata and puppets to unique takes on Spanish art to the jovial latino music over the speakers, nothing remotely "serious" except the focus on food and fun. After a somewhat prolonged period our appetizer arrived - or rather "appetizers." Strongly recommended by our server as a good way to experience Frontera as a first time visitor we decided to spend the $7.50pp charge for the "Entremes Surtido" an appetizer platter featuring 5 different items. Presented attractively and emitting the most wonderful scents of lime, spice, and cilantro the dish was explained and we decided to taste things simultaneously beginning with the "Taquitos de Pollo." Pan fried to a crispy perfection the tortillas cracked easily to the bit giving way to a wonderfully creamy blend of moist chicken with accents of spice, sweet, sour, and smooth. Our second and third tastes from the platter were "Jicama Callejera," and "Tostaditas de Ceviche." While my sister didn't really appreciate the pineapple I personally thought the salad was excellent in flavor but could've used more textural variation. The ceviche, on the other hand, was a winner in the opinions of us both with the heavily acidic flavor of the meaty marlin smoothed out by the bitter olives while the combination of chopped tomato, ham, jicama, and cilantro added a salsa-esque texture to the well done fish. The final two components of the platter were a relatively boring (albeit tasty) guacamole with perfectly prepared tortilla chips and "Quesadillas Capitalinas" - Mexico City-style corn masa turnovers stuffed with Samuels locally handcrafted Jack cheese and fresh epazote. Biting into the puffs and met by a rush of gooey, smoky, and pungent cheese I was quite pleased and believe this was my favorite item on the platter. With plates collected we began the 45 minute wait that would seperate us from our main courses. Sapitos - a trio of Xalapa-style gorditas (corn masa cakes) in chipotle-black bean sauce each with its own topping: scrambled eggs, grilled chicken, chorizo and plantains; homemade crema and queso fresco. While certainly not as visually appealing as French cuisine, the myriad colors were definitely noteworthy with eye catching yellows contrasting with blacks, whites, and orange. Tasting each of her gorditas, however, was somewhat disappointing with only the chorizo and plantains standing out and all three being luke-warm at best...as a matter of fact, the eggs were downright cold. While I realize the place was busy, from a place receiving such acclaim this isn't really acceptable Hot Cakes Indgenas featuring two Iroquois white corn pancakes with whipped goat cheese, piloncillo-agave syrup, grilled bacon and two eggs sunny-side up. Arriving with hot eggs, cool bacon, and luke-warm pancakes this dish once again showed a step of mistiming from the kitchen but thankfully didn't suffer as much as my sister's dish. Tasting like thin and 'almost' crispy cornbread I loved the taste and texture of the pancakes and found them further complimented by the complex and airy whipped goat cheese that tasted like a creamy sweet butter with almond tones. Topping the pancakes with an ample helping of the minimally bitter yet entirely smooth agave syrup was another bonus. As the eggs were organic farm eggs and served piping hot I perforated the yolk of one and allowed it to soak into the pancake while I ate the other sans-addition. The final part of the dish, the locally sourced thick-cut hickory bacon was excellent and not at all overcooked - but as mentioned it was cold. While I realize Frontera has been a big deal for years there is no doubt they've benefited recently from Chef Bayless' win on TCM - or perhaps they've become a little overwhelmed and this may explain the inconsistency from the kitchen in terms of temperature and timing? While I cannot be sure, I've no doubt the restaurant will continue to do well and I have much respect for the Chef's attention to organics and the slowfood movement. In the end some dishes were excellent while others were somewhat average - in general I guess I'm just not a fan of Mexican or Latin cuisine. All told I enjoyed Frontera but do not think I'd rush back - and I certainly wouldn't wait more than thirty minutes for a table.
