i have a super soft place in my heart for this place. i found it with my sister in greek town and the deciding factor to choose this out of the plethora of greek restaurant choices was the free valet service. now ive pulled up in a beater as well as decent cars and they dont budge and judge - they smile everytime. starts the night off on the right foot. why i come back often enough is everything else im gonna say (in conjunction with the free parking). ive been on dates, double-dates, with the rents, often with the sis, with co-workers... i love showing this place off and i am super excited to discover another something i like every trip i make here. ive discovered chicken gyros with the sis (although sadly they dont make em anymore)... the cold spread platter (almost everytime we go now we get it)... the BEST SAGANAKI i've ever experienced yetsofar in chicago thanks to an intro from a sweet goodbye lunch on the last day of my work at the army corps... good mouslaka (venus is better, but this is still pretty good).... great soups.... awesome homemade gyros... yummy whitefish, orange roughy and red snapper...SHISHKABOBS and LAMB CHOPS you wont forget... and it doesnt end there! get some dessert! i love that it suits every case ive been here for - romantic for dates, fun for sharing and exploring plates on sister dates, perfect for family dinners (they even have family style options that are good), great for lunch with co-workers or happy hour after work.... id even go here by myself and im sure id be comfy and happy. the prices are pretty fair - and there are many options for any budget you walk in the door with. thats a winner. the ambiance is perfect. i love looking at the market fish while i wait... not because i want octopus legs but because it oddly reminds me of the childhood experience of looking at candy in the candyshop... its nicely presented and makes tentacles look attractive. i love sitting anywhere in this place, every corner has a different feel and it is one of the best places to eat that feels like you are temporarily in greece. the friendliness of the service keeps me coming back as well. i feel like im part of a big greek family here. and on the way out they even smile - pullin up with my clunker like a sport i gladly tip them for the pleasant experiences.
