Yikes. Hands down, one of the worst experience I've ever had in a restaurant in Chicago! My partner and I make a weekly tradition out of Sunday Brunch, and we had been really looking forward to giving Sprout a try, knowing whose restaurant it was. Sadly, it was beyond a let down. First, we were seated in the sun room, and at the table that was directly in the center of the room. The host joked that he was "making us the center of attention," in what I think was an attempt to "sell us" on the table. After a minute, I could tell why this table was undesired. Not only did the table wobble for the entire meal, but both the table, and us, were constantly being hit by passing servers and guests. There was not adequate space around our center table for everyone else to get around, and it made our experience incredibly irritating. Instead of trying to fit that one extra table in the room, so you can maximize your guest count, don't put a table in where it just doesn't have any room! As far as the service goes, it was very below average. No "welcome to the restaurant," and no asking if we had dined there before. In short, no personality, just an order taker. What upset me the most was he didn't offer to explain anything to us, or ask if we had menu questions. In fact, he told us that the menu was "self explanatory," and walked away. Beyond that though, besides taking our order, and bringing us our food, we didn't see our server at all, which was not so convenient when your coffee cup is empty. If we didn't work in the industry for years, we wouldn't have tipped. The real problem, however, lies with the food, which was downright offensively bad. I ordered the "lyonnaise" dish, while my partner ordered the "quiche." I was disappointed to see on the menus that the lyonnaise came with candidian bacon instead of pork belly, which is what their online menu says. All in all, it looked like a base of french fries, with some greens, ham, and a poached egg on top. The potatoes actually reminded me of Steak and Shake fries. The problem was the dressing/oil by far though, which left a bad taste in my mouth the rest of today. My partner, however, had a much worse experience. His "quiche" dish not only literally made him sick immediately following eating it, but left him sick the rest of the day. When the dish hit the table, both of us looked at each other puzzled. It looked like cat food on fancy crackers, with greens, and an "egg jello." It was just gross. The "egg jello" clearly was the biggest issue with the dish, because even the small portion of it I tried from his dish, left me spitting it out into my napkin. How anyone could serve that to someone blows my mind. If my partner's stomach hadn't turned, we would of likely sent it back, but it was better for us to just leave. In the end, we spent almost $50 for a brunch with terrible seating that left us actually getting hit by passing people, poor service, and not only food we didn't finish, but that left my partner sick. Perhaps that doesn't sound like too much, but I can attest to the fact that our weekly brunches usually don't cost us this much. In the end, beyond disappointing. Perhaps it's just a brunch issue, and dinner is a bigger strength of Sprout, however, I don't think I'll be attempting it anytime soon. It seems too high a gamble when you weigh the cost vs. the likelihood of a good meal. Very sad indeed...
