Almost three months after we came here to celebrate our anniversary, I still think Alinea was our most unique food experience ever...even if I can't remember the majority of the dishes. We ambitiously made a reservation for what we thought was 20 courses and when it turned out to be 25, we thought, okay, we can do that. Big mistake. By 18 or so, I felt like I was about to burst and I was really glad I wasn't wearing a tight dress. We had to ask if they could just skip a few for us, and they were nice enough to let us choose from the remaining courses. Note to self: even tiny plates can add up! What impressed us most about Alinea was the service. We went through maybe 21 or 22 courses and with each arrival, our table was cleaned, new utensils arrived on a cushion or tiny platter, and we were told a story about each of our wine pairings. Our servers and sommeliers really knew what they were talking about and no one made us feel like we shouldn't be there (which has happened before seeing as we look fairly young). I have never been so spoiled at a restaurant. We also discovered a delicious muscat that we regret not buying then because we haven't been able to find it since. The quality of the food was impressive and each course was so meticulously plated that for the first few courses we were both gingerly stabbing at our plate, trying not to ruin anything. That night was also the second time in my life where my food came with instructions! For example, one of our courses required sliding a slab of meat off a pin and dropping it into a bowl of sauce before mixing it up and eating it. There was also one where you had to drop a ball into a tiny glass and let the liquid react before drinking it. And there was one mini treasure hunt for the pork inside a tall bowl full of pine needles (that one smelled really good and tasted even better). Of course, the nutmeg pillow had to be my favorite looking as it was pretty cool to watch your plate slowly drop to the table as the pillow deflated. If you like experimental dishes, you'll love Alinea. We're both glad we were able to experience pins and cushions and foam galore, but in terms of taste, some of the flavor combinations just didn't work for us.
