Let me preface this review by saying I'm Mexican born and raised and know Mexican food quite well. I wish I would have seen that none of the other Hispanic Yelpers are giving this a good review before I went.  Let's start by saying the place does not take credit cards/debit cards, and they will not split checks. Parking is tough, so take the bus or train.  Upon coming in, the place was extremely too packed to be comfortable (throughout my meal, I had someone's ass in my face bumping me as they walked out). The manager was extremely rude, seating others who came in AFTER me and many other people ahead of me in line (I don't know why, since the parties were the same size/had no reservation!?!).  After being seated and waiting for over 10min, I was served two bowls of salsa and chips and 3 tortillas. Both salsas were BLAND and FLAVORLESS. It's fine if you take out the hot/spice a little bit for the Americans, but for the love of god, this sauce had NO taste whatsoever. The waitress came and said "Ready to order??" Uhm...yeah, hi to you too. I placed my order for a 100% fresh squeezed OJ in their menu and some Mexican garlic shrimp (Camarones al mojo de ajo).  Alas, the juice came. Hello Tropicana....so much for overpriced "fresh squeezed OJ." A while later, a plate was more thrown on my table than served. It was 8 measly flavorless shrimp that didn't have an ounce of garlic, with dried and leftover beans from one or two days ago (trust me, I would know) and rice (which was also left over). The sides were super small portions as well.  The waitress never once checked on me, never once asked if the food was ok, and by the time my shrimp had arrived, the tortillas they served were cold as heck (a major sin against any Mexican). NEVER AGAIN. This was by far one of the worst experiences I've had in any Mexican restaurant in this area. Crappy food, crappy service, crappy restaurant. For the first time ever, I did not leave a tip.  If you're Mexican and eat here, I'm stripping you of your membership card ;)
