Normally when I prepare myself to go to a place for dinner, I ask friends if they have heard about the restaurant that I am going to. How is the place? How is the food? Is the service ok? Strangely, this was one place that none of my friends heard about. Therefore I did not know what to expect going in. After having dinner here last night, I did not leave disappointed. I went with six others for a "Grub With Us" dinner club meal, and they served us a very nice tasting menu. For appetizers, we ate mini italian meatballs, a mini hummus plate with pita bread, and a plate of chicken quesadillas with spinach and cheddar. I did like the quesadillas and meatballs, but I could not stop tasting the hummus. It was quite yummy. For main courses we were served curry chicken, beef tacos, artichoke ravioli and slices of vegetable and sausage pizza. The one dish that stood out for me was the tacos. If you ate them normally, they would have just tasted ok...however what put it over the top for me was the spicy sauce that they gave you on the side. Wow, never had tacos that tasted like that before. The artichoke ravioli was also a different plate to try; and that turned out ok as well. Sadly, and I hesitate to say this, the only dish that I wasn't too crazy about was the curry chicken. It wasn't terrible, it just didn't stand out for me. For dessert, I liked the key lime pie carrot cake they served. I initially thought that they were going to serve is key lime pie AND carrot cake...however putting them both together turned out well for me. The settings look to be pretty old-fashioned; it looked like this could be a restaurant that would be attached to an old-fashioned hotel. I also noticed all the art pieces that hung around the restaurant; it gave us nice things to look at. Two words come to mind when describing service here: top notch. The owner (I think her name was Janet; I could be totally off since I'm not good with names) greeted us when we were initally seated at our table; and also checked in with us as we were in mid-meal. The waitress that served us (again, not good with names so let's call her Jill) was great as well. She mistakenly served me an extra glass of wine...so I ended up with two glasses next to my dinner plate. Jokingly she offered me a wine bong that she had handy to down the wine faster..sadly I didn't take her up on that offer. Nestled away in the middle of the Gold Coast/Old Town area, 3rd Coast is is a delight, plain and simple. The only thing that is keeping me from giving this place five stars is the food. The food was great; it just wasn't spectacular. I do wish I could give this place four and half stars, because it does deserve it. Still, it is one of those gems in Chicago that you would only be able to find if someone told you about this place. With its location, just a block away from the busy bar areas on Division street, it seems like this is a great place to get away from that craziness as well. More locals do need to be aware about this place, and I highly recommend this place to them if asked.
