Before going into my review for my recent visit (in February 2012) I have to say that I used to have a lot of skepticism about Tru. I first went to the restaurant in 2008 with my family and was frankly unimpressed compared to other comparable restaurants in Chicago. I ranked the likes of Charlie Trotter's, Alinea, Spiaggia, Ria, Next and others all above Tru. Having been back in 2012 for the six-course tasting, I couldn't feel more different about the experience. My first experience at Tru featured rather simple and unimpressive ingredient combinations, lackluster platings and a stale and uninventive menu. The new tasting reflects a much more adventurous, playful, creative and interesting concept entirely. Dishes featured some of the latest techniques pioneered by chefs like Ferran Adria while (largely) eschewing overly gimmicky shows of liquid nitrogen and the like. The amuse was a cute winter scene complete with a snowman - this was the one dish that didn't quite hit the mark as far as flavor goes (somewhat lackluster) and was heavy on the showmanship but enjoyable nonetheless as an amuse. The first course, tru's creme caviar was PHENOMENAL. This was the perfect intersection of modern technique to create the "caviar" while still packing in excellent balance, flavor, and purpose. The creamy avacado paired perfectly with the rich but mellow caviar and crackers. I wish I could buy this. The next course, a hazelnut soup with foie gras was also excellent. The emphasis was moreso on the nutty flavor than foie which I was thankful for. I had an overly rich foie soup in San Fran last year that I couldn't finish. This dish on the otherhand was well balanced and great for the cold weather. The next dish was an excellent pork belly dish with potato (and truffle I believe). Not as memorable as some but I recall enjoying it very much. Up next was my least favorite dish - a white fish (halibut or seabass I think) served with the skin. The smoky flavor was overpowering for me and as I'm not a huge fan of eating fish with the skin on, the texture was too much. Following the fish was a saving grace: squab. This was my favorite dish on the menu and one I can still remember. It reminded me of a squab dish I had at alinea back in 2010 and made the trip back to Tru worth the effort, price, and risk. Not much to say on the cheese course as it varies by what you choose but Tru has one of the best cheese carts in the city. I'm not as much of a sweet tooth so while the dessert and candies were excellent, they didn't make the meal (granted they didn't fail either - excellent balance, flavor, composition and presentation). Overall well worth a re-examination if you haven't been in a while and ABSOLUTELY a must if you've never been.
