I have mixed feelings about this place they call Violet Hour. I was there last Saturday night to celebrate my friend http://catb.yelp.com 's engagement to my main wing man Allen. The cab pulls up to Violet Hour and I didn't know if I had the right address. There were no signs outside and it looked like a boarded up warehouse, graffiti and all. At 9:00pm there were already people forming a line out the door. Our party had a reservation so I skipped to the front and avoided the line. I felt like Paris Hilton as I wisted by all the people in line. They all gave us dagger eyes, which was great. Once inside you are greeted by a well dressed, remarkably polite door guard. Then you're escorted to a table or section by a separate hostess. You truly feel like a rock star because it is exclusive, dark, and very sexy. The decor is intentionally plain and calming. There are huge velvet drapes separating the rooms, large antique chandeliers dimly lit, and very plain sky blue walls. The bar is long and stretched between two velvet curtain rooms. They have a nice fireplace that we were lucky to have been seated next to. It did get a bit toasty though as it is a real fireplace.... No, that can't be right because I do not remember anyone throwing wood on the fire so never mind. All I remember is that it was raging. Now here is how they get you... to get a table you have to order a carafe of something much like bottle service at other classy clubs. The carafes are concoctions of all sorts of tasty juices and strange booze you have never heard of. All the drinks are on menus with fancy fonts, and are very "martini" like in taste and strength of alcohol (you are going to feel it in the morning!). I on the other hand am the asshole who asks the waitress for a Miller Light. She was very polite and instead brought me some weird $11.00 beer in a bottle. I had many weird $11.00 beers in a bottle while downing the carafes of jungle juice. Not much else to say about this place. Will I go back? Probably not only because I know if I do I would have to wait in a line and I have a "no waiting outside a stupid club" policy. There are way to many bars and nightclubs in the city of Chicago to wait in a line, especially in the robust neighborhood of Wicker Park. Everyone says that Violet Hour is pretentious but I did not get the vibe. I had a blast and so did all the people in our group. The bill was out of control but what to you expect when you have a large party all ordering stupid $90.00 carafes of fruit juice and hooch. ***There was this one thing that happened though- as my friends were settling up the tab I snuck up to the bar to get one last beer. The male bartender gets me another weird $11.00 beer in a bottle. I slap down a $20.00 bill and stand there waiting for the change. This balding, old, and unattractive bartender passes by the $20.00 three times before picking it up, making change and slapping it down on the bar. He did it accompanied by a disgusted look of disappointment that I would DARE ask for change. Did this guy actually think I was going to give him a $9.00 tip for a single beer? For this old ass balding dude who was dressed stupid to get a $9.00 tip I not only want a beer, but my car washed. I woke up remembering him in the morning, feeling I might owe him an apology however. I was very liquored up at this point in the evening and can vaguely remember making fun of him a bit, even attracting a small audience of bar patrons laughing at my jokes. Maybe they had been treated the same way, and was just waiting for the right person to be embarrassingly inappropriate. That person is I. This is a place to impress a date, be in Chicago Magazine, or just feel like a rock star for a night. Expensive? Yes, but it gave me a good story to tell at work on Monday.
