Frontera Grill, one of Rick Bayless' Chicago restaurants, aims to please savvy, sustainability-minded customers. We found their selection of humane animal products to be impressive. The menu changes every several weeks, but the restaurant's commitment to sourcing welfare-friendly ingredients seems to be a constant. Information about specific ingredients can be found on the restaurant's website and also on its menu de jour.  Frontera Grill uses chicken and duck that comes from Gunthorp Farms. The free-range birds spend a lot of their lives outside as they are pastured at three weeks of age. The Pollo en More Amarillo entree we ordered was quite tender and delicious.  Cage-free eggs come from Little Farm on the Prairie where the hens live outside as weather permits. The restaurant sources it lamb from Crawford Farm, where the animals roam on pastures and eat seasonal forages. Cheese and dairy products come from Prairie Fruits Farm and Otter Creek Organic Farm. Prairie Fruits is a completely grass-fed operation while Otter Creek emphasizes rotational grazing and pasture-based living for their organic cows when the weather is hospitable. Beef is from Creekstone Farms or Tallgrass Beef. Tallgrass Beef is completely grass-fed and grass-finished, meaning that the cows are never fed grain. Pastured goat is purchased from Pleasant Meadows Farm. Frontera Grill buys pork from Maple Creek Farm in Wisconsin. There the pigs are fed sustainably farmed soy and corn. They are semi-confined but allowed to roam regularly. Room for improvement: Consider sourcing beef products that are completely grass-fed and grass-finished to protect cattle health. We would also like more information about the production practices on specific farms, namely how the pork is produced.  The Humane Choice is a project of Food Animal Concerns Trust (FACT). This restaurant was reviewed by FACT staff members Larissa McKenna and Lisa Isenhart. FACT is a Chicago-based non-profit organization dedicated to improving the way animals are raised on farms. For more information on our work and mission, please visit http://www.foodanimalcon.
