i noticed a trend in most negative reviews...they tend to nitpick on certain things and then overlook everything the restaurant did right...to support their need to tear them down. Now at Gejas...I did not hear many naysayers talk about the atmosphere, quality of the entrees, chocolate or cheese..and the superb wine list. They grumble about not getting enough choices for dipping or a waiter reaching over them to refill a glass (and they got some water dripped on them). Are you serious?  This is not an objective review in my opinion... Let me start with why I decided to dine at this Chicago icon (that has been around for 45 years)...OpenTable sent out a special coupon and even though I couldnt redeem it on Saturday night, I thought that my girlfriend and I deserved a romantic FONDUE adventure. We took a nap...overslept past our 8 pm res...and had to have some delicious Spanish wines in the bar while waiting for a table (the bartender had a sommelier's knowledge of wine...and made IMPECCABLE selections). Bravo on the intimate, well appoiinted bar. The atmosphere is really charming and conducive to intimate conversation. The flamenco guitar player added more romance and class to the already BEAUTIFUL setting.. This is hands down the most european-like restaurant that I have found in Chicago...it could easily be somewhere off the beaten path in Barcelona. I cant think of a more beautiful date night spot... The food was super. The gruyere based cheese fondue was perfect in every way. White wine, garlic, all added to the flavor bouquet...and it doesnt get much better than a crisp, tart apple smothered in melted goodness...we had the aged tenderloin, shrimp and lobster for a main course...and it was succulent. The dipping sauces were diverse and tasty. The chocolate fondue for desert was the perfect cherry on top of the evening...grabpes, banans, pound cake...and decadent gooey chocolate... So let me finish my review by simply saying this...Gejas should get 3-4 stars on ATMOSPHERE ALONE. Add in the superb fondue and a diverse, well priced winelist...and you have a real winner. Go back and visit the grand dame of Chicago date restaurants...and you will remember why she is so special.
