Upon recommendation from a friend, we decided to try this place out. Being that I come from NYC, we have the likes of Bon Chon, Kyo Chon, Unidentified Flying Chickens, and Mad For Chicken. Crisp has high standards to live by, and because of this, I was intrigued to see if they can live up to their competition on the East Coast. The ambiance is simple, with 3 large picnic-sized communal tables. You order at the back, wait for your name to be called and eat at one the 3 large communal tables. If you like your privacy, I recommend taking it on the go, but you risk the chance of the wings not being as fresh and crispy. For our first visit here, we ordered the 10 piece whole jumbo wings ($15.95) with Seoul Sassy sauce, touted as a sweet sauce consisting of ginger, soy, garlic and spices. We also ordered the Baby Buddha Bowl ($6.95) with beef (extra $1.00), and a side of their Superfly Frites (Small - $2.25). In about 8 minutes, my name was called and my tray of wings and fries were waiting to be picked up. The Baby Buddha Bowl wasn't ready for another 5 minutes, but one of the staff members were nice enough to bring it over to us. The Korean fried chicken indeed lived up to its name. It was perfectly crisp, sort of like a twice-fried crispy french fry vs. a soggy once-fried french fry. The meat inside the legs and wings were so juicy and tender. Thank goodness for dark meat. But that Seoul Sassy sauce really took it over the top, sweet, savory, salty, with a subtle spiciness. No flavor overwhelmed the other, making for a well-balanced palate pleaser that had my taste buds jumping up and down. Crisp's fried chicken may not be as good as some of their New York City counterparts, but they make one darn good delicious wing that is a must try, especially for those that have never had Korean fried chicken. The french fries were fairly standard, extra crispy on the outside, though not very potatoey inside. They were good, but definitely didn't much for me. The Baby Buddha Bowl is where things fell apart. It is touted as a mini adaptation of a traditional Korean dish called bimbimbap, but it was so very far from that. It was not served in a hot stone ceramic pot that it is usually served in and there was no sizzle factor. The texture of the rice sort of felt like it came right out of the rice pot with no crispiness whatsoever. The fried egg and vegetables (spinach, bean sprouts, carrots and zucchini) were spread on top in bimbimbap fashion, but when mixed together, none of the ingredients really seemed to complement each other to make for a tasty concoction. It left for a rather timid dish that felt like the ingredients were carelessly thrown in a dish and claimed as bimbimbap. The Korean hot sauce, called Gochujang, which is better known as a Korean red chili bean paste, was not spicy at all. Even tasting it alone, brought barely any heat to my tongue. For any avid bimbimbap fans, I'd avoid the baby buddha at all costs, at it leaves nothing to be desired. After 3-4 bites, we wound up throwing away the rest. One of the cashiers I had ordered from was also especially rude. When I put in the order for the Jumbo Wings, he looked at me as if I were stupid and asked me impolitely in one way or another, "You gonna tell me what sauce? or what?" And as I was paying, he took a phone call. He ran my credit card and handed it back to me. I was waiting for a receipt but didn't want to be rude and interrupt his call, but he gave me a look and motioned for me to move over so the next customer can order. Crisp definitely does serve some delicious Korean fried chicken that is a must-try, especially for the uninitiated. For that I would give them 5 stars, but because I'm comparing it to some of their NYC competition, I'll give it 4 stars. But their fries and Buddha Bowls can easily be overlooked. I really can't believe how wrong they seemed to get the bimbimbap and why they would even bother putting it on the menu, but apparently quite a few people in the restaurant seemed to be eating it and loving it. And last but not least was their rude service, which really left me in a somewhat bothered state when I left Crisp. For my overall experience of Crisp, all it deserves is 3 stars.
