Alright. Let's get one thing straight, for all of you who love to overuse the word "pretentious." A pretentious lounge is one that has all the trimmings and trappings of the upper crust, yet the bartender doesn't know how to make a stiff drink. A pretentious person would be one who believes they're better than the next, yet gets their cultural fix from the latest trendy website.  Violet Hour is not pretentious. It takes a shot at being classy, it has high-priced drinks, the lights are overly dimmed, but it delivers on almost everything it hopes to be.  If you don't want to learn how complex liquor can really be, don't go here. Go to any number of bars in the area and get yourself a PBR or shot of Jack. This is a place where you bring close friends to have honest conversations and enjoy the creations of some very skilled bartenders.  The drinks: let's start here, as this is the most important part. I am a whiskey man. Bourbon, American, Scotch, Irish, I love them all. As such, the Old Fashioned is my favorite cocktail. The Violet Hour Old Fashioned is the best bar-made Old Fashioned I've ever had. The other drinks are great as well, but I usually stick to the Old Fashioned because, as my grandfather always said, "if it ain't broke, don't fix it." The Old Fashioned has never been broken, and it certainly isn't here. The ambiance: the other half of the VH equation, and the one most hotly debated (a drink can't be pretentious, can it?). I'm not going to describe it (I'll let the pictures do the talking), but I'll tell you it's a love-it-or-hate-it deal. Having been born-and-raised in the shadow of Manhattan, I love it. It's one of the only serious lounges I've found in Chicago, a formerly classy city unfortunately now filled with hipsters, frat boys, and undersexed 50-year-old men (you know what neighborhoods I'm talking about). I understand that not everybody wants to hang out in a dimly lit lounge and chat with good friends over a great glass of whiskey, but if you don't like it, just go anywhere else in Chicago.  To sum it up, Violet Hour is a fun place for mid-20-somethings who've decided they're done with college, and want to trade up for something nicer. The music is a bit too loud, and the waitstaff can sometimes be aloof or unfriendly (the bartenders are great though), but overall, it's a must-try for anyone passing through Chicago. If you're with a buddy, hang out at the bar and chat with the bartenders. If you're with some friends, get a table and enjoy the company.
