I've only ever been here for brunch.  This may seem like a strange complaint, but I almost wish that there was less room at the front by the host station. It's just big enough for people to crowd themselves in, many of them with strollers. Seriously - the strollers get on my nerves. But I gotta hand it to the parents in the neighborhood. There have always been a lot of babies and toddlers there every time I've been there, but I've never heard one cry or throw a tantrum in the restaurant.. Well done. The service has always been really good when I've been there. The food? It's good! But not fantastic. Perhaps it's just that the plates are too big, but it seems like my food is always so spread out. My home fries are scattered so that each little fry is separated from it's home fry brothers... shivering while waiting to be eaten. The eggs benedict sitting atop their english muffins separated by a huge gap. The amount of food is actually just right - but the way it's thinly spaced on the plate makes it seem somehow sparse. (And it's my theory that this is why the food is always slightly cold and slightly dry when it gets to the table.) Overall, the food does taste good - but it would be great if it were hot!  They have a fantastic brunch cocktail selection! This morning I had a drink - I think it was called an Irish Mudd. It's basically a Jameson Whiskey Latte, and YUM was it good!! My friends had bellinis that were really good as well. I've had their Bloody Mary's before, and not only are they delicious, but the also come with a celery/vegetable garnish that's practically a side salad it's so big. Yeah - my favorite part of Wishbone brunch is the cocktail. And while that's all fine and good - I'd rather have a great meal. The dining room is great, the decor is fun, the service is fantastic, and the cocktails are perfect start to my Sunday. The food is pretty good, but it's by no means great. And while the always present babies and toddlers are well behaved, they seem to be so common there that I feel practically naked without pushing one around in a designer stroller. Really - I'm not a baby-hater. But seriously - there are a LOT of babies hanging out at Wishbone.
