I was able to check this place out with a group of six people. A couple of them were from out of town and wanted to experience great food for a cheap price. I being as well still pretty new to the area, I definitely felt the same way... as long as I have not been there yet. Fortunately one of the guys we were with recommended this place and dragged us over here... and into a big line that went out the door of the small restaurant. It was an hour wait and the place was not big (probably the size of an average fast food restaurant), but the smells... OH THE SMELLS, they made us stay and wait. I am glad I did. What's really crazy about this place is that almost all the food they use in their meals (down to the meats) are organic and come from local farmers. They even break it down to you where they get each of their foods from exactly inside the store.  You can order from here either sandwiches, a big soup, salad, chips, coffee, hot chocolate, and desserts. I went with the Cochinita Pibil. Cochinita Pibil: It is a wood roasted sandwich consisting of sucking pig, topped with pickled onion and a mixture of black beans and anchiote, and a dipping sauce made from habaneros. I have to admit I was suckered in to get this because it had suckling pig. Overall I would say the sandwich was okay. The flavor combinations were great with the pickled onions, achiote, and black beans. Wooden grilling of the sandwich gave the bread a great crunch to it. The habanero... it has a good starting flavor that later resulted in numbness of my mouth (I can't take down hot pepper stuff like I use to). Yet I kept on going back to trying more and more. What was the big flaw for me here was the suckling pig. It is probably because everytime I have had sucking pig, I have had ridiculously well made suckling pig. This felt more like a pulled pork (if you try suckling pig that I have... yeah there's a difference) with a good marinate. Yeah the pork was cooked well, it was juicy, and not dry. It's just the bias I have with the suckling pig I have eaten in the past. Now for sandwiches (even if it is suckling pig), I am not comfortable buying one for 12 dollars plus tax. It doesn't come with any sides  What was really impressive about this place is the quality of service they gave us. There was a pause in us receiving our orders so that you of the people at our table received their orders a few minutes later than our order. We didn't complain and just looked past it and were our enjoying our meal. The manager came up to us and apologized for this momentary break. And because of it gave us all free churros and an ice cream to dip it in. Now I'm not saying you will get the exact same treatment if the same thing happens to you.  But that gesture I feel was HUGE in showing their dedication. Because 1.) The place was packed and extremely busy with a line behind us heading out the door & 2.) We didn't even complain about this because it really wasn't an issue at but they made it their personal goal for us to get the best experience we could. This isn't a sit down restaurant where a waiter comes to you, gets tips, and etc. It's just like a sit-down place where you order in the front, sit down, and wait for your food to get ready. So this really meant something in my opinion. Now I must say... these churros were absolutely ridiculous in how good they were. I have never experienced homemade style churros (I'm just use to the one's you get at fairs and bowling alleys that are premade), but these had to have been the best churros I have ever eaten. The outside was so crispy and covered with what seemed to be the perfect amount of sugar and cinnamon. The inside of the churros was soft and... oh I just want to eat another one right now. BUT what makes them go over the top is the dipping the churros in ice cream with brown chunks and chocolate mole sauce. The vanilla ice cream itself is slightly different because they use Mexican vanilla beans to make it, give it a not as sweet but smoother flavor. The same goes for the chocolate mole sauce. The cocoa beans they used to make the chocolate are from Mexico and produce a sweetness that is not overpowering but finishes really pleasant. Putting all of these together for dessert REALLY leaves a lasting impression. So overall, my experience went from a four to a five star here because of the dedication they had to go above and beyond in their service and the churros and ice cream. Plus you can really tell the use of quality ingredients in the food. So if you're willing to spend a little bit 15 to 20 dollars to get a good mexican sandwich or a bowl of mexican soup, and don't forget the churros and ice cream... come here. The waiting for an hour in line is well worth the experience you'll get.
