Prior to yesterday, I had only been to L&E for dinner or drinks. However, I got to see two additional facets of the establishment while spending the night at their upstairs Inn last night and having brunch there on our way out today. Overall, it was much better than the average experiences I have had here in the past. We used our free whiskey coins (that were on the desk in our room when we checked in) for two pours of bourbon and then got the rye flight before heading to bed last night. The room was quaint... there are 6 rooms and it seems as though they are all different and unique. They are definitely going for the modern feel with the furniture and decor, which again, as all interesting and creative. My two gripes about the room would be that the head on the lamp was hanging down, unattached and broken off the body of the lamp (it appeared that they had tried to duct tape it, to no avail), and that we had two shampoos and no conditioner provided. The lighting is really harsh and unpleasant in the room, which is why we were hoping to use the lamps, but with the one lamp broken this was not possible. Anyway, there are real plants in the rooms, and apple tv, wifi, etc, and though you got a lot of bar-noise in the early hours of the night, by 1 or 2am it was very quiet. We actually got a good night of sleep, much to my surprise. All in all, it reminded me very much of a European hostel, minus the other guests sleeping in your room! We checked out today and were in the car ready to go, but after looking over the brunch menu that I grabbed on the way out, decided to head back in and get a bite to eat. Glad we did! We had the harvest scramble and the bananas foster french toast, along with a mimosa and some black tea, and everything was very delicious. It was probably the best meal I've ever eaten at Longman. The french toast was amazing; I really liked that they didn't drench it in sauces and creams but rather left the toppings for you to portion out as you wish. The scramble was fresh and light, not too eggy, and came with house potatoes which were delicately seasoned fingerling potatoes that really hit the spot. Overall, a great meal.
