Another Hopleaf update? I know, this is getting crazy! But I promise I'll make this two-minute read worth your time. Sign up for Hopleaf's email updates via their website as soon as we're done here and fan them on Facebook. This way, you'll never miss a Hopleaf tasting again. Though I've been to Hopleaf close to two dozen times over the past several years, I hadn't yet experienced a tasting. Until last night. About a week ago, I saw a Facebook update announcing the Belgium-based St Martin's debut in Chicago, including an invitation to attend (with RSVP) a free tasting with the brewery's owner/brewer and their importer. It mentioned food as well, but I had Hopleaf's mussels and frites on the brain and knew I'd be saving my appetite for them (and only them) following the tasting. On a bustling Monday night (there are no slow nights at Hopleaf, FYI) I grabbed a bar seat and got cozy with my new favorite Saison, Boulevard's Tank 7. My friend soon arrived and we hightailed it the tasting upstairs (the room filled up quickly; if you want to sit down it's advisable to arrive at the start time). After an introduction, we were invited to step up and try St Martin's blond ale in addition to the first food pairing: The mussels and frites, replete with their garlic aioli counterpart... talk about hitting the foodie jackpot! These mussels are undeniably the best (tried-and-true) mussels in the city. Second up: St Martin's Tripel (move over La Fin du Monde!) and a green salad which brought out the hidden peppery notes in the beer. We finished with the brewery's pride and joy, the Brune. Like other Brunes, you can really smell the date and fig sweetness but that's where the semblance ends. The brewer, Marc-Antoine, explained that he doesn't add any sugar to this beer and that's why the finish is incredibly clean. FANTASTIC. Did I mention this entire experience was complimentary? I'm now extra-inspired to visit Belgium and all her beautiful breweries... Marc-Antoine was so affable and quick to answer our questions. His offer to personally tour the brewery with me + friends should I come visit was genuine and heartfelt. Thank you Hopleaf, Marc-Antoine and importer Mark for the start of an unforgettable evening... of course, we finished downstairs at the bar with a tasting of our own! Hopleaf, you've become both hobby and habit.
