Early in our meal our attendant asked us where else (in Chicago) we had been. We told him where we had been, what we liked, what we didn't, etc, etc... Of course he asked us what had been our favorite up to that point and we told him Charlie Trotter's. He made the expected comment hoping to change that. I have to say they didn't start strong. But to be fair, they didn't start weak, it's just that we had seen most of their early tricks: Cucumber Mint Juice - seemed like almost every restaurant in Chicago was doing this one; Vermont butter with lots 'O fat - both my wife and I thought immediately of the French Laundry; Sweet Potato Sorbet as an Amuse - reminded me of the Salmon cone at the French Laundry because of the way it was served; Watermelon w/ Balsamic and The Caviar Staircase - I own the Amuse Bouche book that Tramonto wrote, so these were not a surprise; Fighting Fish Bowl - again expected because I'm an information whore and I had scoured the net for pics and reviews before we went. Don't get me wrong, those were great, the Caviar Staircase in particular. I just wasn't wowed, so it wasn't pushing through that barrier to be crowned the Best of Chicago in our minds. That was until... I'm not sure if it was the Souffles or the Homemade Rootbeer Float - which ever one I tried first - the other was just confirmation of that decision. It's hard to describe just how good their desserts are and how deserving Gale Gand is of the praise she receives. I was disappointed that the Bread Pudding wasn't a little more dense and custardy-french-toast like, which is what I'm used to, but everything else was pretty amazing. The cart of Petit Fours and Chocolate just pushed everything else to an almost bliss state. We just couldn't stop smiling. Other highlights of the meal include the Espresso-Roasted Quail, Watermelon-Mint Shooters, the Cheese Cart and the Caviar Staircase which I mentioned before (especially the Wasabi infused Tobiko). What's really neat is the fact that they have about 140 dishes in their arsenal, so you could easily go back several times and never have the same dish twice. Maybe even coming up with your own ultimate menu after you've been there a dozen times! Read the whole review at Gastronomic Fight Club: http://www.gastronomicfi
