I think that reviewer AMG from Glencoe probably needs to have a few drinks the next time he goes to a bar and loosen up. What a horrible and may I say snotty and pretentious, review that couldn't be further from the truth. Look, here's the deal with ANY place you go to. Most of your experience is what YOU bring to it. If you come in with a crappy attitude, then guess what? You're going to have a crappy time. Here's what I've always felt about Violet Hour. First of all, this is NOT the place if you're just looking to go out and get wasted and hook up with someone ok? Not that there's anything wrong with that, this just isn't that type of place. And that's O-K. It's the type of classy place where you go to have a drinks with good friends and have a good conversation OR you'd like to go on a nice intimate date. You should know that I'm the type of person that HATES anything snobby or pretentious so if that was the case, I wouldn't have been going to this place since it opened. Sure, it has things about it that I can see some people not liking such as you can't stand around and all that business, but so what. I'm glad this place is different and not like every other place. The facts remain that I've never had a bad drink here, I LOVE coming here with my friends and sharing interesting and creative drinks, I LOVE the vintage old world meets modern Alice In Wonderland decor, I LOVE that it's not overcrowded, I LOVE that I can actually hear the people I'm talking to and that I won't get bothered by sloppy drunk people, and I think there was like one time out of a 100 that I didn't like the service or waitress I had. Think of it as a bar in restaurant form? You get seated by a host and order your concoctions at your table. I also highly recommend getting seated at the bar to watch them mix the drinks, or in the very high chairs, or really anywhere. Ooo, and ask them to make a Neptune's Wrath if you can watch them do it! It's not on the menu but it's a fiery drink that's really cool to watch. I also LOVE the Guilded Cage drink made with rum and also not on the menu but good is the Amaretto Fizz.
