Can any restaurant with 500 yelp reviews qualify for a best kept secret in Chicago? Perhaps I am simply late to the party, but this is THE place to go for whole roast duck. As an aficionado of duck and a long time visitor of Andersonville and Uptown, I am somewhat embarrassed that I have only just eaten here. But I will atone for my time spent in the wilderness by returning here again, and again, and again. Begin your odyssey into duck as follows - call ahead, make a reservation, request a whole roasted duck. Shortly after you arrive, a server will come out with a whole roasted duck, and expertly carve that duck for your pleasure and entertainment. Viewing her work is a mouth watering experience that is still somewhat of a blur, like the freefall the first time you go sky diving. But unlike skydiving, after it is over you have a juicy, crispy plate full of duck waiting for you. Now, that would be one HELL of a business plan. But I digress. When it comes to whole roast duck, this is simply the best I've had in the city. Not only for the price, which is the definition of value, but for the quality. This duck has ridiculously crispy skin, oozes with juices and melts in your mouth. The duck order also comes with warm sticky buns, julienned carrots, green onions, and pickled daikon. Save some of the duck for do it yourself sliders, and you may just bite into one of the best sandwiches ever. Soft, crispy, juicy, all in one heavenly bite. But there is more - the duck option also comes with two huge sides to share at your table, both of which are served - counter intuitively - after the duck: a big bowl of duck soup and a heaping plate of fried rice. However, you may substitute noodles for fried rice, and I strongly suggest you do so. Aurore L. clued me in to this option, and it is superb - the noodles are stereo wire thin, somehow both chewy and crispy, and infiltrated with duck meat, carrots, pea pods, mushrooms and onions. It would have been the best duck dish I have ever had, if I didn't just have it the course before. The soup was excellent as well, but somewhat of an afterthought for us, as it was served last, and feeling gluttonous, we ordered egg rolls and the fried soft shell crab in addition to the duck feast. Both were also ridiculously good - in particular, the fried soft shell crab has a glorious kick of heat mixed in to the soft flesh. Amazing. Sun Wah has a limited wine selection but is also BYOB, and your best option is the latter - pick an Old World white, like a dry Riesling, Vouvray, or Gewrztraminer, You'll want the minerality to stand up to the fat in the duck and the other fried side dishes and the fullness to cut the heat. Given how little you'll spend on dinner, you can easily spend $20 - $30 at the wine store, but a $10 Languedoc white from The Disco served us splendidly. So what is the catch? Atmosphere and service. You are eating in a cavernous cafeteria, and service is textbook lassez faire. In our case, the duck arrived before the appetizers, but I don't mind because it all came quite fast. We got our wine glasses quickly, which was most important, and were left alone for the remainder of our dinner. I have no complaints and will return soon.
