The first time I passed by The Purple Pig I was drawn to it, and I knew I had to go.. Cheese, Swine and Wine sounded just about right. I was visiting Chicago for Lollapalooza and the best way to end a great music weekend was by having lunch at The Purple Pig. They know very well how to portray the new and trendy "tapas and open kitchen gastropub concept". Our meal: - Salt-Roasted Beets with Whipped Goat Cheese & Pistachio Vinaigrette, yummm. The tartness and smoothness of the whipped goat cheese combines perfectly with the sweetness of the beets and the crunchiness of the pistachios. - Calamari Salad with Radishes, Farro & Cucumbers. So refreshing and light, definitely a great way to portray all the ingredients. It's one of those dishes that the more you eat it the more you like it. - From the smears we had the Mortadella, Balsamico & Pistachio, and WOW a great decision that was!! This smear is so ridiculously good, I still remember the thoughts that were running through my mind while I was eating it. I wanted less bread, more smear. I swear, they should sell it... I would buy a few jars. - So let's continue the food journey with Pig's Ear, Crispy Kale, Pickled Cherry Peppers & Fried Egg.. This is what I call my "ok to clog an artery for" type of dish. The ears are cut so thin and are so crispy, the cherry peppers add the perfect spice and acidity, and of course the fried egg and its runny yolk are THE way to top this off tying all the flavors together.  Our other two plates after this weren't as remarkable as the prior ones but still good. - The Mussels with Pancetta, Crme Fraiche & Marjoram and the Pork Blade Steak with 'Nduja & Honey. The mussels were well cooked and the sauce was great for "bread dunking". The pork blade was somewhat disappointing, but this doesn't mean it wasn't good. It just was too big of a portion, too much meat and not as exciting as all other dishes. Their beer selection is also very good and their ambiance is casual and relaxed. I loved my experience in The Purple Pig and will make it a "must go" every time I visit Chicago.
