Good: - Nice room with an good (but heavily blocked) view of the lakefront. - Chocolate-covered strawberries waiting for me in the room. - Shower was nice in that it was easy to use and didn't leak. - Comforter/blanket was just right on the warmth scale - The furniture was generally very comfortable and upscale. - Nice and plentiful pillows with soft fabric. - Clean-up staff did a great job. - Staff did a great job pointing me where to go. Bad: - Those strawberries I mentioned came with a card from a husband written to his wife. I'm a guy, and not this husbands wife! It was a mistake made by the hotel staff and completely unacceptable. - The elevators... there needs to be WAY more of them. I swear I waited over 10 min. twice for an elevator. Also, you have to go through two elevators just to get to the hotel floor you're staying on. That's really annoying, especially since they take forever to arrive and aren't very quick to ascend/descend the floors. Plus the elevators looked old and shabby with tacky gold stuff everywhere. - The bed was so soft, I literally awoke sunk over an inch into the matress. I think the matress was covered with that foam stuff. Whatever it was, it was way too soft! - The hotel staff evidently went into my room at least once a day for no real reason. The room would have the same mess I left, but the TV would be turned and left on, playing classical music. I don't want to walk into my room to see an energy-sucking TV playing classical music with a black screen noting only the channel number via crappy TV speakers. That was absolutely ridiculous. If they want to freak me out by turning music on when I didn't leave it on, they can go ahead and use the little clock stereo they include in the room!!! - Parking was ridiculously expensive and I had to use valet to park. I don't like it when people drive my car. It's not your regular car and it's a stick shift. No reason for me to have to have someone else park my car... no reason at all. - Here's the kicker... a week later I needed a copy of my receipt because I lost the original. I called and was directed to accounting. I was asked to hold. Then I was told I had to fax in a written request. Excuse me? (1) This is 2010... get an online site where I can just download a PDF of my receipt like you can do with even Motel 6 and (2) No other hotel I've ever encountered requires a written request! I stayed for a company conference. I would never stay here personally.
