As an avid lover of pork, I was very excited for my first dine at the Publican. I spent a few days prior to my arrival perusing the menu. I had my heart set firmly on the Suckling Pig. You can't go wrong with a little baby piglet. Yum. I also had a chance to check out Publican's stellar beer selection. Saison Dupont? "Holy Santa Claus shit," I said. My wife was not particularly excited, especially after I explained to her exactly what a suckling pig was, very specifically I might add. She seemed negatively focused on the intense amount of meat on the menu, despite a dedicated section titled "Vegetable." I offered to order for her, which she accepted. Upon arrival at the restaurant, I noticed that the sucking pig was no longer on the menu. I was pretty bummed until I saw the words "Pork Belly" in it's place. Pork belly? Yes, please. The country ribs seemed a perfectly safe order for my wife, so I didn't spend a lot of time reviewing more of the menu. As we sat observing our surroundings and waiting on the first round of beer, we noticed the oysters coming by our table frequently. We ended up ordering the kumamoto, which were fantastic. My pork belly was flawless. I have zero complaints. The explosion of flavor left me mostly speechless. My wife's country ribs were flavorful, tender, moist and juicy; at least the first one was. Later after I'd inhaled my pork belly, I had another off her plate and found it considerably drier than the first. There are a couple of things I don't like about Publican. First, I don't like family style dining. I'm too selfish with my food to want to watch someone else eat what I've chosen, only to fill my hunger void with whatever crap they order. Second, I don't dig the seating arrangement. It's beautiful inside to be sure, but what's up with the pigpen booths? I'm not normally a claustrophobic person, but I did NOT like being boxed in like that at all. You can't sit with the booth doors open, so if you're not into it, your other choice is to sit in the goofy square community-style seating area. Here you get to sit right next to people that you don't know. Fun! Not. The food and beer more than made up for the uncomfortable seating, however. The other couple we dined with had warned us about reported complaints of small portions and being left hungry. These complaints must be setting in with the restaurant because our server was very clear about how the menu is laid out by portion size, from smallest to largest as you work your way down. This was good to know. Go get your pork on!
