The location met our needs, and the hotel staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. However, there were certain negative aspects that could not be fixed by a simple call to the front desk. At this price point, you do not get what you pay for. If we're simply talking about the quality of the rooms, I would say $75/night, $80 tops. Certainly not $188.  Overall, the biggest concerns were the rooms' smell, and the rooms' cleanliness. Even though it is a non-smoking hotel, the first room I was given was stuffy and smelled of smoke. It reminded me of an old room in a B&B that is rarely used. I get the impression that lots of weddings happen at this hotel, so I think people party in the rooms, and staff does not necessarily enforce the non-smoking policy. One of the restaurants in the lobby is fairly new, and management did not adequately consider how the hotel's layout and air flow (or lack thereof) might let the smell of the restaurant linger in the elevators and the hallways of the upper floors. There is radiator heat in the rooms, which is fine. There are also wall air conditioner units, but there are no instructions- just a remote- and it took some time to dicifer.  The rooms just look dingey. The comforters are pilling due to wear, blankets old. The pillows had yellow stains. Furnishings look somewhat grungey on the surface, as though they haven't been wiped down properly. The wallpaper and sofa had white stains. The bathroom had mildew.  When the first room I had smelled of smoke (I have a severe smoke allergy), to the hotel's credit, I was (very nicely) given a second room without question. While the smell of smoke in the second room was less, the room was no cleaner. Both rooms hadn't been vacuumed well, and there was grit and dirt in the carpet.  In addition, a previous guest had spilled coffee grounds in one area, and no one had cleaned it up. I understand that due to the age of the building, that most funds must be put into the exterior, and keeping it up to code. That being, said, for the money you are paying, I think the owners should seriously consider addressing some of these problems.
