**Probably closer to 3.5 stars for me overall** After hearing all of the hype about this place, I decided that I should give it a try. I went for a lunch with some coworkers, and ended up sitting outside on a pretty nice, breezy day. That definitely made it a more pleasurable experience. FOOD: Pig's ear with crispy kale and fried egg: This was pretty interesting, and they definitely like their fried egg here. The pig ear was chewier than I expected, and left a greasy taste in my mouth. The fried kale was fine...although I feel like that's just too much fried "stuff" in a bowl. Never thought I'd say that. Overall, a mediocre dish that I probably won't get again. Pig "JLT" (jowels, lettuce, tomato): Where people may refer to a good pork belly as being roughly half meat, half fat (with it leaning toward a higher percentage of fat), pig jowels (basically the face/cheek meat) is probably 90% fat, 10% meat. I was told this would be better than pork belly. It is not. Don't get me wrong, it tasted fine...for the first bite. But I was definitely overwhelmed by the amount of fat. A little too rich and greasy for me. Milk-braised pork shoulder: Juicy pork shoulder, and fork-tender. I wasn't impressed by the sauce, and tried to get at the middle of the pork shoulder to get pure, untainted meat, which was awesome. Beets w/whipped goat cheese: Strangely enough, this was one of my favorite dishes of the day. Who woulda thought, beets? No complaints, this was a good pairing of beet and goat cheese, and it was good to eat something that wasn't all oil and grease. Proscuitto bread balls: I remember these as having very little flavor overall. I might have also been fried-food'd out by this time of the meal. Next time - less fried foods. SERVICE: Service was good here. Very attentive staff, frequent water refills, and they spent the time going over the menu with us. OVERALL: I don't think I did as great of a job ordering dishes here, but I'm definitely willing to give the Purple Pig another try. I just thought that overall, it didn't really stand up to the crazy amount of hype it's gotten. But I'll reserve final judgment until I've gone again. It's worth going to, but not if the wait is longer than 60-90 minutes.
