What's better than meat? Meat stuffed with meat! Especially when it is good meat stuffed with other good meat. Particularly when it is one kind of meat stuffed with a different kind of meat. That's a whole lot of meat! Welcome to Eastern Europe! I've passed Little B at least a handful of times a year since I moved here in 2008. It caught my eye the first time and begged me to give it a try when they revamped. It looked very intimate and inviting from the outside, but for some reason I was expecting it to be more divey and casual. It's actually a very romantic and classy place. Great for a date night or special occasion. A bit pricier, but still within reason for the quantity and quality. Kelz M. and I came here for their Mother's Day Dinner special. Her children are in different states, my mother is in California, and we just needed a good excuse for a ladies' night. This wasn't far, so I suggested it and happy I did. We split the polenta with sour cream and shredded white cheese, saganaki, sausage-stuffed duck and Hungarian goulash. Everything was fresh and delicious. The polenta was thick and flavorful, but very light. The duck was cooked to perfection and the seasoned sausage complemented it. The grilled peppers added a little extra spice and brought out the flavors. I loved all of it and enjoyed the leftovers the follow day. We were serenaded by a violinist and guitarist. Little known fact, this particular entertainer was featured in the movie Return to Me. He'd sing a little, they'd play a little and then he'd chit-chat with us in between. Also, he knows many Romanian and Italian classics, plus some throwback American and even popular Jewish and Yugoslavian songs! How cool is that?! I rounded off the night with a dessert. Their European style chocolate and cream cakes are to die for! Totally worth adding on to the end of the bill. It was about $80 for the both of us with our appetizers, drinks, full meals, dessert and entertainment. Like I said, kinda pricey but perfect for a night to remember. We went a little crazy but you'd probably be able to get by spending a little less, and you could definitely go all out and spend quite a bit more than we did.
