So normally I don't like to give any small business a bad review, especially one that has been so well established. My wife and our family have been to Glenn's 4 times. The first two experiences were excellent! The staff was friendly, the food was good and the service was very efficient. Would have been 5 stars all around. NOW for the most recent visits, in the last 6 weeks (both times were for brunch) The last time we went we never actually sat and ate. The hostess was down right rude. It was pouring out and we were with our two kids. We had asked if our 2-1/2 year old son could just sit at the bar while we waited for our table (there was about 4 seats open). She said NO. They had to leave them open for people who wanted to eat at the bar. We even offered to move if people came in. On top of which there were multiple tables open, she claimed those were for people with reservations. Now I am all for reservations, but we were there for more than 10 minutes and the tables never became occupied. Hey Gleen, you know if someone doesn't show up for a res, it is good practice to give the table away and then put the people with the res to the top of the wait list when and if they actually show up. Needless to say we left. The most recent visit was this morning. We were smart enough to make a res. I will say there were several open tables that never became occupied and I there was a nice size wait too. The food was good, but the service and dining experience was just not nice. We had asked the server if our son could just have a little glass of cereal while we waited for the main food (which we had been given the last times we had eaten there) She claimed new mgt did not allow for this. When we ordered we had asked for 3 types of cereal for our son (he was very excited for this). We were told new mgt only allowed 1 cereal choice. The sever was polite, but not what I would call friendly. Needless to say, if you only care about the food then go. If you actually want service move on to another options. PS - Isn't it owned by a guy named Glenn? if so who is the new management? Was it sold?
