Big Jones is open for brunch, lunch and dinner daily and serves up authentic Southern cuisine. Today I was joined by some of my CARA running friends for brunch after our 13 miler. For just a couple dollars more than your run-of-the-mill brunch joint you can enjoy an interesting menu with lots of high quality locally sourced and sustainable ingredients; furthermore Big Jones makes much of the food in house such as the bacon, sausage and pickles. Definitely an elevated brunch experience. I also give huge kudos for Big Jones being on Open Table, many of the city's popular brunch spots do not take reservations and can be mobbed, so I greatly appreciated this as I know dealing with reservations for a busy, fairly inexpensive venue can be a bit of a nuisance. Big Jones' interior is nothing fancy, but seemed clean and comfortable. As it was such a gorgeous day we opted to take advantage of their patio seating which likewise was comfortable, but a tad nondescript. There are only a handful of tables outside, so try to arrive early to maximize your chances. Our server Kat was friendly and attentive; while she was a bit soft spoken I appreciated that she took the time to describe each dish as it was served and she readily accommodated any modifications we requested. She also was very kind to my wife who started feeling a tad ill at the end of our run, doing her best to try and bring her something to help settle her stomach. Food wise I ordered the fried plantains that were served with a peach puree. This were outstanding and I would definitely order them again. I also had the Gumbo Ya-Ya which was a large portion of rice, a spicy, smokey broth, okra,and generous portions of chicken and andouille sausage. It tasted a bit different than other gumbos I have tried; while I would not say it was great, it was very good. As bread service we were delivered a complimentary serving of Beignets. Having spent my college years at Tulane in New Orleans I have consumed a plethora of Beignets (mainly at Cafe du Monde); these were certainly on par with what I recalled from my Tulane days. Big Jones also has a full bar (including brunch cocktails) and I sipped on a Bloody Mary during my meal (as this is by far the tastiest way to get salt back into your body after a long run). The Bloody Mary was alright, but nothing fancy with only a single pickle as garnish. Big Jones receives a lot of attention on one of the Chicago foodie forums, so I was happy to finally dine here. Overall the brunch was very good; the menu is interesting enough and the service was good enough that I definitely plan to return at some point. If you are craving some New Orleans style cooking or want something different than typical brunch fare, Big Jones is certainly a great option.
