THE REVOLUTION HAS BEGUN AND IT WILL NOT BE TELEVISED! BUT... It can be drank at this Logan Square venue. I have been one of the thousands waiting for this future staple to finally open. Doubtful, Chicago would let it ever open, but even Daley could not hold back the Revolution any longer. First, anyone who complains about the wait last night is obtuse and naive. Last night was the soft launch, and the rumblings and excitement of this place's opening would have tipped you off the opening was going to be extremely busy and have some kinks. Also, Logan Square, has been screaming for a landmark venue to open here like Revolution. To fairly review this amazing venue properly you must remove the element of extreme anticipation, and visualize what the venue will be like, when the initial excitement dies down. The decor is OUTSTANDING! Not one detail was over looked. Exposed brick, hand-carved wood fists, and tin designed ceilings look amazing. The waiting area in the front, has barrels cut in half as tables and also dawns a very hip fireplace, similar to high end ski lodges you find in Vail and Aspen. There are some interesting looking VIP type booths near the kitchen as well. Basically it is 2-3 booths that are tall leather seats that seat about 8 people, but do not have a table. I dug these areas. It is a great seating idea so friends and keep everybody engaged, and not divided. I hope these sections are permanent. It is very hip and trendy, but not too cliche'. Also, the kitchen is a prominent feature. Many places hide the kitchen away to conceal mess, but Revolution fearlessly exposes its glimmering steel and high flaming ovens for all to see. Finally, the pride of this establishment is also within view of its customers, the brewery. Four large tanks stand against the inside wall probably full of wort waiting to fully mature for our palates to enjoy. Next is the food. I was not able to order the bacon fat popcorn appetizer, it will be on my plate the next time I visit however. Sounds unique and needs to be sampled at least once. Does bacon make anything taste bad? The food appears to be a bit pricey for Logan Square, but after eating there, the price is a deal for the quality and portions. Packed to the gills, and with orders coming in at full pace, the quality of the food I ate did not suffer from the overworked kitchen. I had the Forest Burger (Gorgonzola, cremni mushroom and crispy shallot, $12). I ordered it medium rare, it was cooked perfectly. The beef is farm raised and the burger is HUGE! It must be 2/3s to a pound, no joke. The cheese, bun and shallot went well together and the beef was juicy and flavorful. My wife had the Cremini Mushroom Pizza ($12). For some reason we were in the mood for mushrooms. We tend to have a weakness for anything "truffle" on an item. The pizza has goat cheese bchamel, tarragon, and truffle oil. It comes looking and tasting like a wood burnt pizza and is priced well considering it contains truffle oil. I recommend both. Now to wash it down... Okay, here is the pride of Revolution... THE BEER. I was able to try all 5 of the handcrafted beers Revolution offers. The first was my wife's favorite, "Cross of Gold". This is a golden ale that is the closet to a pilsner wth a sweet bitter finish (I am aware of the oxymoron here). Next, I had the Iron Fist Pale Ale (IPA). I liked the hop taste, but it is not in your face hops like an Alpha King. However, I would order it again and did enjoy it. The Workingman Mild is actually very filling for only 3.5% alcohol. Most lower gravity beers are watery, but this one was not at all. I had another ale, but the name slips me. It was a good beer, but nothing flashy. Finally, I had the porter -Eugene. I am not a fan of Porters, but ironically this one was my favorite. The dark beer has a hint of coffee taste from the chocolate malt and is very smooth. It has made me think twice about porter style beer. I guess that is the point of Revolution. Each was $5, except the porter ($6), but I think that is reasonable for beer that literally moves about 50ft. from where it was born. I do need to keep in mind this is the first batch, and the beer will only get better from here on out. Although I do give five stars, I was disappointed there was no wheat beer (normally a summer beer, I know), but the fresh beers on tap should have something for everyone and I think one is brewing. Could be more room around the bar, I see that area being tight even after the initial buzz dies down. It might be pricey for Logan Square. Hopefully, outsiders will make up the gap though. Strong recommendation and a must visit. I will be back soon...ALSO, join the mug club... great deal there too.
