We went today for the Restaurant Week menu. I called and made reservations, because there were eight in our party. I expressly mentioned our desire to order the Restaurant Week selection. When we arrived, we were seated in the restaurant near the buffet. We were not given menus, and when we asked for them, we were told that we could only have the buffet, and if we wanted anything else, we needed to go to the Oyster Bar on the other side of the restaurant. They actually prepared a table for all of us over there, but we were confused as to why they originally sat us where they did (after I had mentioned on the phone what we were coming to eat), and why they didn't ask us on arrival what we wanted. It is, after all, Restaurant Week. I noticed that we weren't the only table that had to get up and move, either. Very awkward for everyone, and bad first impression. Lunch took over two hours. It was the worst, slowest service any of us have ever received. The food seemed like it had been sitting in the window for some time. Yes, we had a large party, but nothing we ordered was complicated. Six of us had the same thing: a cup of lobster bisque, the lobster roll (a sandwich), and mini key lime pie (which was extremely mini). We had an oyster sampler for an appetizer. Six of us ordered the same drink. However, the servers never could seem to remember what we had, the very few times they came around. No one apologized for how slowly everything came out. You know the feeling-- sitting there with dirty dishes in front of you-- looking around for the waiter, hoping he or she will realize you still exist. The other issue was that the server deliberately mislead our friends. When our two of friends ordered their dishes, the server asked, "Soup or salad?" We have all worked in the food industry. We know that if you upsell, you need to present it in a way that the customers know they are paying for it. So my friends were surprised that soup or salad came with what they ordered. Until we got the bill-- $7 additionally per salad. When we complained, the server said he would take it off, but acted like he hadn't done anything wrong. They knew they didn't need to give us good service, because due to the size of our party, 18% gratuity was added on to the bill. I have a real problem with restaurants that participate in Restaurant Week and then treat those patrons as 2nd class citizens. Instead of showing us how wonderful your restaurant is, you basically just turned us off from ever returning. There are better seafood places in the city, and we will take our hundreds of dollars there instead. Oh, and to the server, like I said, we worked in the restaurant industry. Had you done your job well, you would've gotten a better tip than just 18%.
