1. I'm from out of town 2. Therefore I'm not really up on what's "hip" and have to rely on my friends that are actual residents of Chicago to tell me so 3. Hencewhy when I walked into the place I was like "Wtf unmarked old wooden doors and billowy heavy curtains that make me feel like I'm in a high school drama aka: really nervous and tense I'm not going to find the opening in time" 4. Then I made my way through a-ok and was escorted to the bar by the maitre d'(?!) 5. Sitting at the bar feeling weird that this place was so pretentious and why couldn't we have just gone somewhere where Guinness was on draft and maybe a dusty dart board was hung up in the corner 6. Glancing over the menu, still no acknowledgment by bartender that i existed, deciding on a drink and waiting 7. Ordered cocktail - received cocktail in fairly timely manner - finished cocktail - thought about "Should I have another one?" 8. Bartender comes alive and asks opinion of drink I say "too sweet" He says "That's not sweet" and I say "Too sweet for me you don't know me" He says "What do you usually drink" I say "Well, yesterday I was drinking Lagavulin but usually it's a nice hoppy IPA or something super salty like whoah" To which he replies "Let me mix something up for you" 9. Oh and real quick: don't order a dirty martini, they will cane you with their mind. 10. The magic begins to happen, and I stare back at him in awe. He's pulling out bottles left and right, throwing things in the air which I could swear are coming back down in quantities more than what had begun. Adding, subtracting, carving ice cubes to fit the glass like a glove. 11. He comes to me and I say "Thank you" and reach for the glass, to where he says "Uh uh, I'm not done yet". As he is describing all of these things he has used, he squeezes the orange peel above my glass and lights it on fire to which there's a little flame POOF! "It's very herb-forward, let me know if I didn't hit the nail on the head." 12. Glass up, lips perked, and go! The cocktail hits my tongue and immediately all moisture is sucked out of my face. This drink is G-U-D good. 13. I smile, lift my glass to his direction "Perfection". 14. Turns out he DID know me. **He later told me no charge for the first drink, to which I thanked him and tipped him over-accordingly.
