My girlfriend took me here on my quarter century birthday (sort of a surprise). She told me that someone told her that eating at Fogo de Chao should be on everyone's "bucket list". It was never on mines, but I quickly added it and crossed it off. The best thing about this joint is not only the food, but the tremendous service as well. As soon as we walked in, we were fairly greeted and escorted to our seats. The host (Pool) introduced himself as well as how the restaurant works, it was either kind of loud or we're just plain deaf because we had a hard time hearing the guy. The lowest level our water got was 80% full, the water guy just kept filling and filling. The first thing we tried was actually the Pao de Queijo (warm cheese bread) the bussers placed on the table. Our first round was real fresh because we saw the smoke coming out of the bread. The bread was real soft and the cheese really complemented it. So we went on ahead and headed to the all-you-can-eat salad bar and enjoyed ourselves some appetizers. I got myself additional bread, Jumbo Asparagus, some sort of raisin salad, bacon, Italian Salami, as well as some salsa, which were all fairly good, especially the salsa. The cheese display was also magnificent. After the appetizers, we turned our "red stop" card to the "green go" side and as soon as we did that, 2 plates were placed on our table and the gaucho chefs swarmed to us like killer bees with sharp knives. The first meat we tried was the Picanha, which is the prime part of the sirloin that is seasoned with sea salt (or flavored with garlic). With this meat, you could really taste the sea salt, really good. We also tried the Filet Mignon, Beef Ancho, Frango (Chicken wrapped with bacon), Fraldinha (bottom sirloin), Alcatra (top sirloin). In my unpaid opinion, all the meats were cooked to perfection; I really liked the Frango as well as the Filter Mignon due to the taste of seasoning and the texture of the meats. Steak sauce or other sauces are only not a necessity due to the packed flavors the meats already bring to the table. Side dishes such as Crispy Hot Palenta, Garlic Mashed Potatoes, and Caramelized Bananas (or what my people call Banana Q) also came to our table. The palenta and potatoes were decent but I truly enjoyed the plantain bananas due to its sweetness. Finally, when we finished, one of the servers brought in a five-layered molten chocolate cake (with strawberry) for my birthday, which was great by the way. I was chocolate wasted after I ate it. Overall, I had a decent experience, and I only claim decent because I wasn't fully prepared for the experience. I gave a five out of five rating due to the excellent customer service and of course, the quality and the taste of the meats. I found it unique that all the workers have a little scraper that they use whenever there are scraps left on the table. You can't really try all the meats, drinks, deserts, side dishes, and appetizers in one sit-in (unless you really try). For a price of about $60 per person, you should be able to. One of my regrets is as mentioned above; I didn't get to try all the meats. I never came across the Cordeiro (lamb), Costelo de Porco (pork ribs), Linquica (sausage), as well as the Brazilian flan. My other one biggest regret could have answered my complaint when I was eating...."Where is the rice?" Being a person who eats rice on a daily basis, I kept complaining that what these fine meats are missing is my favorite daily food complement. However, unbeknownst to me, rice was available and that I never got to request it. But then again, life's too short for regrets and there's always a next time, now I just got to wait for a special occasion to come along. You definitely should not eat before you come here. Food coma may occur. Great food and excellent customer service, I'd definitely come back here, and so should you if you've never been. After all, it should be on your bucket list too.
