A small restaurant inside a market.. the market reminds me of a trader joes.. Whole foods type of environment. We had purchased a groupon before hand and made reservations. We came here for brunch around 12:45 and had reservations at 1. I was surprised at how the host responded. I felt discouraged to eat here when he said it was going to take another 45 minutes after we order to get our food... We didn't even sat down yet! The restaurant wasn't even that full! And why would he mention that?? How discouraging.. We finally got seated and we ordered some coffee while we wait until the food came.. They brought out the coffee but no creamer our sugars! We hand to take it from the table next to us as they watched us and didn't offer! The food came. I ordered chicken and waffles only to be disappointed that there was no more chicken gravy. Boo! It came with 1/2 of a full waffle (wack!) and two pieces of chicken, a leg, and breast. It was topped with shredded cabbage and carrots which in the beginning sounded good but honestly i pushed all of that to the side after having my first bite. I was not impressed one bit. The syrup helped flavor the fried chicken but not by much. The waffles were okay, nothing special. After our meals and waited for the check, i couldn't help by overhear the neighbor and waiter's conversation. Customer: sorry for asking another question.. waiter: another one? don't you read? haha.. WOW! did she really just say that? It did come with a little laugh but was that necessary? As if that wasn't bad enough, i looked at the table across from us and the server brought out the food. As he was serving them their plates, a piece of toast fell off the plate onto the servers tray and he had the nerve to pick up the toast and put it back on the plate, only for it to fall off again and have him pick it up and put it on the plate again, right infront of the customers! Anyway, she brought out our check, without checking on us, or refilling our waters. It wasn't even that busy! I wouldn't recommend this place, i have heard that the food is better during dinner. I am not sure if I will give it another choice.
