This is my second review of Piccolo Sogno and I am pleased to type that my dining experience was just as good as my first time visiting this establishment.  The harem and I met here for dinner to celebrate Mon's birthday. The girls hadn't been to PS before and wanted to try it. We made reservations at 7:30 and because there was a slight problem getting a seat on time we probably didn't get seated until 8:15 or so. So, the first 45 minutes sucked and some of us were pissed off drinking our wine at the bar and voicing our concerns to the hostess. Anyway, once we sat down to eat dinner we began to forget our problems. Matthew was our waiter and was keeping it real, yo and told it how it is ... or was for that matter. For example there was some Apple Tart thing on the dessert menu and Matthew told us it was just gross. I appreciate honesty like that.  Okay, so we all started with the Antipasti and it was a perfect start to our meal. Nic also ordered the Cauliflower soup and OMG it was so good! Mon and I split the Beet and Pear salad and I ate the whole thing even though I'm not a huge beet person.  For dinner, Mon ordered the Lamb (A M A Z I N G); Nic got the Mushroom Risotto, ate like a quarter of the dish because it was so rich, and then switched with Care and ate the rest of Care's Pumpkin Ravioli; and I ordered the Pork Shoulder with Potatoes. Nic and Care were thinking right because the risotto was very rich and savory and the ravioli was light and almost sweet. I enjoyed my pork and everyone else like it as well.  Since it was Mon's birthday dinner, Matthew brought her out the Chocolate Hazelnut Cake and Gelato we ordered for dessert. It was cute; he put candles on the plate and wrote Happy Birthday Monica on it in chocolate.  Best of all, it was free! All in all, PS has great Italian food. It's very fresh and full of flavor. I would suggest making reservations ahead of time and to arrive early/on time to avoid waiting for a table. Since it's getting closer and closer to winter, PS has lost more than half of their tables because they are not able to serve customers on their large outdoor patio.
