Worst restaurant experience in Chicago We ended up with a last minute reservation on a Friday night for 8 pm. We had a show to see nearby at 10, and figured it wouldn't be a problem. We arrived on time and were seated promptly. The waitress immediately came over to our table and took a drink order. She quickly returned and took our dinner order, to the point that everyone felt rushed in looking at the menu. It was the last thing that happened quickly. Then we sat. And sat. And sat. And sat. And finally our appetizers came. We had a group of 6 and had ordered the empanada combo. Mine had no filling. It was just a deep fried shell. At this point I was so hungry, it didn't matter. Then we waited and waited and waited (well, you get the idea). The peculiar thing was that the waitress was nowhere to be found. After almost an hour since the delivery of the empanadas, we still hadn't received our entree.  There was very little service to speak of, so to say that it was awful isn't really fair. Flat out the service was NON EXISTENT. No coming to the table to apologize for the wait. No coming to tell us it would just be a minute. No manager to come by and make sure everything was alright. Our table wasn't the only one grumbling. At one point one of our party got up and walked the entire fully packed restaurant, counting the table with food: four. Four tables in the whole restaurant had food. Finally at 9:45 our food came. It was nowhere good enough to make people wait that long. I had the skirt steak/pork combo. The pork was overcooked and tough; the skirt steak (ordered med. rare) was seared on the outside and raw in the middle. After waiting this long for the food I wasn't about to send it back for fear that they would actually fly it to Colombia to have it viewed by some government minister before verifying that it was poorly prepared. Not that I could have sent it back because after it was brought to our table, the waitress never came back. We more or less needed a flare gun to get her attention to get the check. Getting the check was the shortest process of the night. It only took her 20 minutes to calculate 6 entrees and an appetizer.  The best part is that on our way out, I asked a guy who was sitting at the bar, deep in conversation with the bartender, if he was the manager. He replied that he was. I told him that it was a shame the service was so bad because they would definitely lose business, if not only from our table, but from everyone who dined there. He didn't seem bothered by it at all. His answer: Yeah, well the Chef is really, really sick. I can only hope that the Chef was at home and not in the kitchen. Kinda makes you want to call the city health department. I will never EVER eat at this restaurant again.
