My dad had an appointment to talk with a doctor at Resurrection Hospital on Chicago's far northwest side. Resurrection is undergoing some parkway construction on its property off Talcott Ave. I would rather not drive there anyway. Dad qualifies for the free ride for senior citizens on metropolitan transit systems, and I have a Chicago Card and a clutch of one- & two-day CTA transit passes. Unfortunately for us, dad didn't check to see that the doctor with whom he needed to speak would be there when we arrived at Resurrection. (This isn't medical related. Dad believes that this doctor mis-filed a form to the Railroad Retirement Board. RRB rejected that claim, and Resurrection is expecting payment directly from him.) We got there at 3:10 pm, and learned that this doctor had opted to leave early on Friday. {Should I mention that a north side b**eball franchise had a home game this day? I guess a doctor can afford to buy a ticket to it.} So we were out of there quite rapidly. We went back to the stop for the #88 Higgins bus and dad asked, "Where do you want to go eat?" The bell rang in my head. Hot dog stands have been getting a lot of press lately, and there was one somewhat nearby to which we could get because it was the correct time of day. Superdawg at Milwaukee, Devon, & Nagle. The #88 bus loops unidirectionally (clockwise) from Harlem & Talcott Aves. via Talcott, Canfield, and Devon. We had to transfer at a point on Devon Ave. which gets rush-hours-only service from the #56A North Milwaukee route [c.v.]. We arrived at Superdawg. The line was six deep. That gave us enough time to deduce what we would order. We both opted for the Superdawg. I feel pangs of turmoil having to scribe this. I, and my dad as well, felt the hot dog (complete with french fries, $4.75) was not as good as some others we have had. It is an eight, but the additional meat didn't seem to have the distinctive snap and bite which I expect from any size hot dog. (I again cannot discern whose hot dog is being served. It is not Vienna Beef, and I believe it is not Red Hot Chicago. Maybe it is Slotkowski's?) I had all the standard toppings, and dad also had the hot peppers. Have you noticed the prices for the italian beef sandwiches in my prior reviews? I am sorry; but this is *not* a good value for the money. I surmise I'll have to attribute the high-rankings of this venue to the "carnival atmosphere". It has been around since 1948. Its mascots on the roof have appeared in scores of photographs, television programs, & movies aiming to set themselves in Chicago. If you enjoy carnivals, you will enjoy browsing around here. But the corollary message being conveyed here is that the hot dog is _the sideshow_. Transit options: This seems incongruous. Superdawg is keenly identified as a 'drive-in' stand. The concept of eating outside your vehicle could be considered bizarre. But noting what I scribed in the above review, you might want to save some money by not motoring here. As it is, for being on the far northwest side of Chicago, nearly in Niles, this has multiple bus routes which can get you here. But some of them do not run on weekends, and one way here is only possible during weekday rush hours. The most frequently-running bus route here is the CTA #56A North Milwaukee bus. (Prior to 1970, extending back to the streetcar era, the Milwaukee route ran through from downtown to the forest preserve loop at Milwaukee & Imlay.) You catch this route at the Blue Line "L"'s or Metra Union Pacific northwest line's Jefferson Park station. The #56A has an auxiliary. Pace bus route #270 also runs from Jefferson Park on Milwaukee Ave. Its service goes on to the Golf Mill Mall. If you are at Jefferson Park, these two routes are [now] in adjacent lanes in the south bay of the station. (In the late 1970s, when through-transferring was finally authorized between CTA and suburban Regional Transportation Authority bus routes, the #56A was in the north bay and the #270 was in the south bay. You needed both routes' print schedules to determine which bus left next. [The #270 schedule was bi-lingual: English and _Polish_.]) The #270 makes limited stops within the City of Chicago. Devon Ave. is one of its stops. The combined schedule of the two routes have the last bus going south to Jefferson Park until 11:00 pm on weekdays and Saturdays, and 10:45 pm on Sundays. The operation which my dad and I caught to get there from Resurrection Hospital leaves from Devon, Avondale, and Odell streets (west of the railroad tracks) from 3:30 pm to 6:55 pm on weekdays only. Another route which terminates at Milwaukee & Imlay is the #86 Narragansett | Ridgeland route. It runs weekdays only on Nagle & Narragansett streets to the Green Line "L"'s Ridgeland station in Oak Park. After 6:00 pm, it is on a 30-minute headway until 9:30 pm. Both CTA routes are on the _Bus Tracker_ system.
