Fogo 2 go has it going on. They found their niche in the food industry, and are sticking to it. Sure there are many pizza joints out there, and sure there are a plethora of brick oven pizza parlors, but where else will you find a pizza place that serves a huge charbroiled chicken with black beans and rice at such a cheap price? I'm not sure either. The pizza dough is alright, nothing too special. It's the crazy ingredients which make the pizzas so good. Like the lisboeta; tomatoes, homemade catupiry cheese, cod fish and eggs! I had the opportunity to speak with the owner, Brad Kollar, about how he came up with this place. His wife and co-owner, Daniela is from Brazil, and has always dreamed of opening up an italian pizza joint with Brazilian flare, using the traditional family recipes used by Daniela's grandfather. Well, they have done it. Try the Coxinhas. (Brazil's version of a papa relleno) They are the answer to all your fried needs. Crunchy on the outside, and then a soft fullfilling potato inside, surrounding shredded chicken. If you're into garlic bread, then they offer garlic knots. Made to order, they are rolled pizza dough, tossed in olive oil, salt, plenty of garlic and tied into knots. Then placed into the brick oven. Once again, they are just pieces of baked dough. I would just opt for a small pizza. The bacci balls are where it's at though! They are balls of dough with meatballs stuffed inside, served with a side of marinara sauce. You may have to order extra sauce. I wanted to, I mean I did just drink it straight! J/K, but seriously, it's that good. I have tried a few of there pizzas since they have opened; California club, bbq chicken, and pepperoni festival. My all time favorite, recommended by the friendly and helpful staff, was the barbecue chicken. The sweet and tangy barbecue sauce went perfect with the sweet red onions and melted smoked gouda. However, I do with the dough was a little crispier. The dough used here, is your basic AP high gluten flour. It rises well, but it is too soft and chewy. When I think of brick oven pizza, I think of the nice tipo 00 flour. Thin, with a little crunchy crisp, but still has a nice chew to it, a litle burnt around the edges. A nice tip: Due to the fact that there are so many different pizzas to choose from, fogo 2 go will allow you to split the pizza between a couple different kinds. Also, 50% off the second pizza. Now that's a combination of 4 pizzas for the price of 1.5! They will also slice it whichever way you want. 3.75 stars if possible!?
