Holy-mole (ha ha ha, oh man i didn't even plan that) this place is PACKED. Two hour wait for dinner for two at 6:30 PM. Well, Fontera was one of the places we had to eat in Chicago, so we bit the bullet. After a bit of wandering the neighborhood for a suitable spot to grab a drink we ended up back at the crowded Fontera bar.   I'd have to say they make the best Michelada ever! It looks like they put in sangrita, beer obviously, and i don't know what else, but getting it rimmed with spicy salt is a must. Oh man, i loved every last drop of this. Good margarita too, there were lots on the menu to try, but we only had the basic, solid! Alright we finally get a table....and WHAT! What, a self respecting Mexican restaurant doesn't give you at least one free basket of chips, SACRILEGE! HERESY! Though they did give some really yummy seasoned nuts, I had to order the chips, there is no way you can judge a Mexican place without tasting their chips, and they were pretty good, a little thick for my taste, but freshly fried in their kitchen, definitely not from a bag. Good salsas too. One smokey chili one and a tangy tomatillo one.  For our second starter we had the fish enchiladas and the tamales with butternut and cheese. Both were very good. Enchiladas, had a nice green tomatillo sauce. The masa on the tamale was nice and moist, but not too moist, but like many tamales there was too much of it. Both ends of the tamale were all masa no filling. The filling was quite good when you finally got to it and it all was tied together quite well with the mole. And for our main course we shared the duck. The duck was cooked very well, still nice and tender, not a dried mess. The fresh tortillas accompanying it were excellent, and made great little duck tacos, though I thought the pickled onions included were too strong to go with the duck. The rustic mashed potatoes were excellent too, very garlicly and buttery. Too full for dessert, we had try hot chocolate (or "chockies" an they are known in some circles). Best hot chocolate ever. Good mix of chocolate ans other spices/nuts/whatever else. If i ever lose all my teeth, I am going to survive on Michelada and chockies form Frontera. Other than the whole chip thing and the wait thing, my biggest complaint about Frontera was the service, which was a bit sub-par. Our water glasses were consistently neglected, though the pitcher circled the room a number of times. Our appetizer dishes stayed on the table kinda long, though they did replace our flatware between courses, which is always nicer that using them for both courses. And I don't remember being asked how my food was. But the food was good, so I guess that can make up for it, some.  I do feel weird having such great Mexican food made by such a gringo, but so it goes I guess. Hey who can forget Diana Kennedy!
