OK -- it has taken me awhile to actually make it into Icosium. It's right down the street, I walked by it all the time thinking "y'know, I really need to try that place". Well, I finally did try it and I am so glad I did! I had the Icosium Crepe which is chock full of yumminess and the best goat cheese I've ever tasted! The sizer of the crepe is deceptive -- it's a lot more food that what it appears. I ate it all up and left perfectly sated! I love the feeling when you get just enough food -- you aren't uncomfortably full, but you aren't looking for something else. The crepe totally satisfies. It also includes a cup of really tasty soup that is the perfect starter to the meal. The apricot iced tea is also perfectly delicious. I had the lamb sausage added to my crepe -- it was totally delicious and of excellent quality. My only real complaint is that meat is an additional $3.00. I don't necessarily think this is bad, but I didn't feel as if there was $3.00 worth of sausage. Mind you, there are so many other ingredients in the crepe that a larger quantity of meat is not necessary (although I thought the sausage was a great compliment to the other ingredients) -- it just seemed that $2.00 would have been a more appropriate price for the amount of meat.  The decor is insteresting if a bit too birght. They have these marvelous beaded lanterns that cast really cool shadows throughout the place. If the general lighting was just a tish more subdued, this effect would be so much more effective. There are lots of interesting exotic tchotkes adorning the walls and legdes. I did notice, however, a couple of oversized pieces of garish polka-dot crockery left over from the previous tenant, The Corner Grille -- these pieces need to go as they don't compliment the rest of the decor very well. Overall, it's a nice space even though it could benefit from a somewhat more dramatic eye. The service was polite and efficient -- no complaints there. I really like this place and hope it "takes" (there was a good-sized crowd the weeknight I was there). This location has had difficulty sustaining business (although the previous restaurants weren't all that great, in my opinion). I think it would be a really great date place. The atmosphere is nice, there is a good view of all the Andersonville happenings and it's BYOB (with a good liquor store right across the street).
