Went early on a Sunday afternoon after perusing the wares at the Vintage Bazaar down the street at the Congress Theater. Visual Aesthetic: The setting is very cool. Feels a little like a traditional pup with the darkness of the wood and "brick" accent room divider things, but it's so wide open a "airy" you don't feel in a dungeon. The "chandelier" thing by the front door is neat--made of these brown glass flask things all grouped together. The rest of the lights are these funky things that tie some black above with the black/dark brick things below. The bar, in the center of the main room, is specially designed, as evidenced by the Revolution hand logo seemingly holding up the top part of the bar. Also, above the TV is a Revolution Brewing Co. sign. Very cool. They have many of their own beers on tap (duh!) and some other "guests" as well. The bar stools are comfy. The brew space is connected to the main dining area with glass for all to see. The kitchen is open to the main dining area but is clean, bright (glistening silver metal appliances and wall back-splashes), and not at all a chaotic and noisy distraction. On an early Sunday afternoon there is a mix of young friends coming for the brunch and bloody mary's, as well as families with young kids. A good vibe all around. The Food: The good stuff. I had the Cremini Mushroom pizza. It's a thin crust brick oven style personal size pizza. SOOOOOOO friggin good. It was a white pizza with goat cheese bchamel, tarragon, truffle oil, and a butt-ton of mushrooms. Not everyone's cup of tea, but Yum! The girl next to me had a traditional cheese with sausage. It looked good too. My boyfriend had the Smokehouse Burger which comes with Pepper jack, and South Carolina-style pulled pork, and he got the blue cheese potato salad on the side. Burger was HUGE, and cooked exactly the way he wanted it. The pulled pork had a good-flavored sauce with the right amount of "zing" to it. The potato salad was to die for. The beer: I had Revolution's Workingman's Mild, a very good, drinkable session-style beer. Boyfriend had the Iron Fist Pale Ale and the Hombre, an American pale ale. They were solid, quality beers. An additional bonus... don't know who chooses the music that gets played for diners/drinkers, but while I was there Sunny Day Real Estate came on. I've never heard this band's music played in a public place such as a restaurant, or even this type of bar. It's a nice bonus and a comfort that someone at the establishment has good taste in music. :)
