If I could give 6 stars....Icosium Kafe would get 7. I never really paid much attention to the crepe or had a taste for them until I tried this place. I heart Algerian Crepes! Really, since I walked in there about 3 months ago, I've been there like every other weekend for breakfast. Its sick, really.  My first few visits, I went for the savory crepes that are served with lamb or vegetable soup with little zaatar bread croutons. Round 1 was the Crepa Iberica: home made olive tapanade, fresh roma tomatoes, pistachios, fresh pineapple, organic mix green, ricotta cheese, fresh cilantro scallions. Ugh...the salty nutty pistachios with the sweet tang of the pinapple and spicy olive tapenade...what a great combo. Fresh herbs and fruit on the side complete the deal. Round 2 Crepe Marrakech: toasted almonds, raisins, baby spinach, caramelized onions, fresh mint, cream cheese, sun dried tomatoes, tapanade. I can't believe how all these flavor compliment each other and create a textural and sesational experience. I took an antihistamine so that I could order with the cream cheese. I asked for 1/2 the cheese that they normally put in there and it was just enough to smooth its way through the crepe and help carry the flavors. For round 3, I went sweet: Crepe Buena fresh mango, ginger chutney, sun flower seeds and raisins. Super sweet, but the crepe itself sorta helped tame the sweetness along witht the salty sunflower seeds. The mango chutney was fresh with a ginger spike to kick. Yet another amazing crepe. I'll stop here, but have you know that I've either sampled or complete the: -Crepe Labella banana, belgian chocolate, toasted almonds and coconuts. -Chicago Crepe muenster cheese, avocados, sun dried tomatoes tapanade, fresh cilantro, bell peppers, scallions, organic mix green, sun flower seeds. -Eggs And Beef Sausage -Picans, Figs Jam, Feta Cheese -Cream Cheese And Smoked Salmon I am so impressed with Icosium Cafe. The creativity, the flavor, the textures...its all just so amazing and not really close to anything else that I can think of.  The Algerian decor is inviting and endearing with beaded hanging lamps, rugs on the walls, potted plants, pottery and hookahs. The staff is friendly and prompt, and who ever is cranking out the soy lattes in the back should get award. Everytime I waIk outta there, I feel like I've taken a magic carpet ride right up to cloud 9!
