The night before we came to the restaurant, we had ordered some takeout. We thought the food was mostly salty and greasy. We got a pork belly vermicelli (fiedo), and the vermicelli just felt out of place - and we love noodle soups. I didn't care for the XOCO salad because I generally don't like meat on my salad except chicken or shrimp. I find the texture clashing, and the color of the carnitas just dampened the fresh vegetables. The torta was okay, but I could get a better cuban sandwich in LA for much cheaper. We thought, given the pedigree, the restaurant could do better. So we went and ate at the restaurant. We got two other sandwiches this time, the cochinita pibil and shortrib pepito. The latter was the better sandwich, though my friend preferred the first. He liked how the pork tasted like it had been stewed for a while, though I thought it was dry. In any case, all the stuff we tried reminded me of better versions of each that I could get in LA. The only exception was the churros we had at the end of the meal. It was hot and crunchy outside and creamy inside. I thought the sugar and cinnamon was great, especially with a cup of chocolate-coffee. Definitely a must if you get nothing else here. But both sandwiches illustrate the sum of what I thought of Xoco's offerings. It was good food, but not worth the wait in line or the dining experience. I don't even mind the price, because I believe in its socially responsible philosophy. We waited 30 minutes for our second meal just to order our food. We got there before 11:30 a.m. on a weekday, i.e. before the lunch rush. The hostess told us we had to wait 15 minutes when we first walked in, and then 15 minutes later, we moved up about 2 feet in line, and she told us we had to wait 15 minutes, again, as if she didn't remember meeting us. At least have the smarts to say 10 minutes or something, so we wouldn't feel like we were being misled the first time. I don't mind waiting for good food, but in other places, if you tell me it's an hour wait, I can go hang out somewhere and come back. Here, I'm stuck in a very narrow queue. If that's the case, maybe give us sample of the hot chocolate, or churros, or chips and salsa while we wait like cattle. I don't feel appreciated. It's definitely not the kind of eating experience I would look forward to again.
