My favorite aspect of these Brazilian steak houses is the dedication of the waiters, whom you can always pick out going to work as most wear their uniforms on the CTA. I like starting on side notes. Yes, there's a battle taking place in downtown Chicago of the Brazilian steak houses and here's one of the few. Texas de Brazil does a lot right, but makes the same mistakes that I imagine the others do too. At least, the food is tasty and the services great. It's the same set up as the rest, large large salad side bar, and guys walking around with giant skewers of meat looking for your coin turned up on the green side. You go pick up your sides and flip your coin as soon as you want the meat to start raining onto your plate. TB also has a large wine cellar selections, with a fly trapeze artist grabbing each bottle to the enjoyment of the crowd. Yes, there's a woman twirling and flying for your enjoyment as you hit up the salad bar.  And that's what these places get wrong...for us, good for them. No one comes to these places for the salad bar. They think they are, but they're not. It's an added bonus and although packed and wonderful, you're paying for the meat and for wasting the salad stuff. I may be wrong, it's just something I noticed at TB. At least they have the added sushi bar...but again, I'm not going here for that.... Anyway, let's get into the pros now that the con (kinda a pun ;) is out of the way...MEAT. It's Amazing! High Variety! Cooked Perfectly! Full of Flavor!  What can be elaborated, there's seriously a dozen varieties of meat, from plan ol' stead to bacon wrapped chicken. There's sausage, marinated flank steak and the amazing specialty house meat...which I think is garlic encrusted beef? And the rumors that it doesn't end are true...once that coin is flipped over, they'll just keep coming up to you offering more. There are waiters everywhere with meat and it's always fun to eye the one you want and time the flip to when they get close.  The atmosphere is fun, it's "modern" and clean. The staff is friendly and yes, that salad bar is impressive. The meat is why you go to a Brazilian steakhouse, hands down and they do a good job at TB. Sure, it's a little pricey but they can get away with it with the amount of food you're getting. The drinks are what'll add up, but you'll leave full and happy. TB offers up a fun experience and fun style to serving up a meal. I'm not sure how it anti es up to the other places, but it's doing it's own thing and doing it well.
