Without a doubt my favorite city for breakfast this most recent three day trip to Chicago would logically include three breakfasts - the first a solo jaunt to celebrity chef Rick Bayless' highly regarded take on Mexican Street food, Xoco, that occurred no more than 60 minutes after my plane landed at ORD. Having been mildly impressed by the brunch at Frontera in the past and much more so by lunch at Michelin Starred Topolobampo shortly thereafter I went into my breakfast at Xoco with relatively high expectations and, thankfully, came away thoroughly impressed. Having mentioned Xoco's more laid back approach to Bayless' cuisine I was not surprised to find the restaurant featuring a cafeteria style ordering format, but what I was surprised to find was the lack of a line - something that had prevented previous attempts to visit Xoco, particularly during a February visit when the temperatures were near zero. Greeted promptly on entering I was asked if I was ready to order and after a few questions regarding the daily rotating selection of pastries and empanadas I made my choices, was handed a number, and found seating near the door where I could watch the traffic on Clark Street. Sitting for mere moments sipping my water (both still and sparkling are complimentary and on tap) while listening to the festive overhead soundtrack one of a trio of servers would arrive with my first item; the daily Muffin featuring Honeycrisp Apple, Pecan Frangipan, and Sugar Brandy Glaze served warm and absolutely full of shredded apples balanced adeptly by soft notes from the frangipan. Always impressed by Chef Bayless' ability to incorporate a multitude of tastes, textures, and spices into his food the soft interior was only improved through the use of large Belgian vanilla sugars coating the outside and the slight nose of brandy punctuated by cinnamon; a truly great start and a veritable bargain at $2.50. With my muffin only half gone as I coordinated a meeting place with my sister via text my "main course" of the morning would arrive perhaps ten minutes after seating in the form of "Torreja," or "Mexican style French Toast" as it was described by my server. Beginning first with the French Toast itself, a personal favorite for vacation breakfast, it may sound like hyperbole but I'd place the Torreja amongst the top 5 I have ever tasted as the thick bread was perfectly caramelized on the exterior and nearly a liquid custard on the interior - a veritable bread pudding, if you will. With notes of cinnamon prevailing and topped amply with Gunthorp bacon-pecan sprinkles the sweet/savory balance was quite impressive to begin with, but all the moreso with the addition of local pure maple syrup. Gilding the lily? Absolutely. With the French Toast still wowing me my "dessert" (yes, at breakfast!) would arrive last in the form of Xoco's most famous item - a single "Mexican doughnut" or Churro heavily dusted with spicy cinnamon and sugar plus a "Hot Chocolate Shot" on the side for dunking. Crispy on the outside, soft within, and perfectly accented by the slightly fruity pure Mexican cocoa I cannot say this was the absolute best Churro I've ever had, but considering the price and the quality of the chocolate my only regret in ordering it was that I didn't go for the trio and pair it with a cup of Xoco's drinking cocoa, though all things considering there was plenty more eating to do on this trip and given the quality (and modest price) I've no doubt I will be back.
