We reserved a block of rooms at the Hard Rock for our April wedding. While we were passed around to a few different salespeople over the 8 months or so that we spent planning, everyone was very helpful and friendly. We locked down a rate of $149 per night for king rooms, which is a pretty amazing price for that location. As the husband (like most of our friends) is an architect, we appreciated the fact that the hotel is housed in the historic (and gorgeous) Carbon and Carbide Building. We really wanted our out of town guests to experience the awesomeness of Chicago, and the hotel's location made that extremely easy. We were given a tower suite at the same rate, and the room was HUGE, which made getting ready on the big day very easy. It's true that some of the finishes aren't exactly the highest quality, but you know, it's not the Ritz. The staff was very courteous and helpful, though we did have a couple of glitches. The first had to do with the gift bags we had made for our guests. Originally I had been told that we could have them handed out at check in, and as long as they were all the same and not personalized (i.e., specific bags to specific people) they would do it for free. A week before the wedding I found out that they had changed their policy and now would only distribute bags to the rooms at a $5 per bag fee. They finally agreed to hand them out for free as they had originally promised, though I would imagine we were an exception.  The other snag had to do with the bar- I had spoken (via email) with the bar manager about bringing our guests there after the wedding, which was to end at midnight on Sunday. We weren't going to pre order anything or reserve space, just offer a place for people to hang out, which the bar manager said was fine. When we got back to the hotel it was close to 1, and the bar was closed (it's supposed to be open till 2). But everything was solved by a brief talk with the front desk manager who allowed us to hang out in the lobby with the beers we brought back from the wedding (classy, no?). When we FINALLY made it to our room for the night, we were greeted by champagne, chocolate-covered strawberries, and fancy bottled water. Nice touch.
