I had the best burger of my natural born life last night. Actually the best two. I am a burger purist. Medium, American cheese, ketchup, lettuce and a very fresh kaiser roll...sometimes sesame if I am feeling punchy. But that's it. Btw, why do restaurants have to serve you a pickle with your burger? Who decided this was the proper accompaniment for grilled beef? If you put a pickle on my plate I will beat you with a tire iron. Hate them with a fiery passion, but that's a story for another time. Pure burger...yes... I like it pretty plain, but every now and then I'll throw some bacon on there because it's just about the most delicious food on earth. However, the bacon on the burger I had last night...this bacon was Irish Whiskey glazed (if you know me you know how fond I am of Irish whiskey), had the perfect amount of fatty goodness on the sides and came in one large piece so that every burger bite was married with a perfect sized piece of pork. The meat was amazing quality for a pub and cooked perfectly and can I just talk about the flavor of the bacon for a second? Sweet, salty and subtle. Just perfect. Kinda like the first time the guy/girl you have a crush on holds your hand. Making you smile and feel all cozy and warm. Well, I got my traditional burger and wanted to hold it's hand all night long. I never finish a burger at a pub b/c it's always too much food, but I literally made myself sick eating every last bite. I was miserable later, but it was worth it. One thing I kinda hate about some restaurants is that they try to "fancy up" a burger and dedicate whole menus to this practice. I don't always get the idea of dressing a regular old burger in fancy sauces and fixins. It's like they wanna put Colin Ferrell in a clean suit and make him quit smoking. Some things should just be left alone, ya know. But then I had a bite of my friend's Blue on Blue burger. Oh holy shit. Blue cheese dressing, crumbled blue and crispy fried onions? What the hell? I mean, geeze. You know that sounds good on paper, but you have to taste it. I NEVER like a "different" burger, but I would go back and order this one...and probably eat every last bite of that one, too. These guys really get proportion right...not too much sauce, not too much cheese, cooked to order like they read your mind. I can't even discuss it anymore. I want to cry. The french fries were great, too, but I couldn't eat many of them. I was all about the burger. And fries are my second favorite food next to bacon. Have I made it clear enough how good the burgers are at Wilde?? I should also mention the bartenders are super nice, they keep the cleanest bar I have ever seen, the atmosphere is super charming and i loved the sinks in the bathroom. I can't wait to go back and make myself sick again.
