We are so totally super happy with our visit to Frontera Grill Saturday night. Here is our story and how we met Chef Rick Bayless; Chicago was cold, windy and snowing Saturday night, and after having already done the must do and trying some authentic world class deep dish pizza-pie the night before, (at Edwardo's, see my review of there), we wanted something different.  And being a (Texan) fan of Mexican food and Bobby Flay, I did a quick google for the terms "Iron Chef Chicago".  If you search that you will see an article in the Chicagoian about their local Chef Rick Bayless battling it out with Flay on last seasons opener, Battle Buffalo.  I had just watched that episode like last Tuesday and I liked Rick's style, and we were surprised to discover that Frontera was just on the next block from our hotel, like a 3 minute walk!  Awesome!   And as you will see by our photo with him, Rick Bayless is there every day.  Unlike other "celebrity chefs" such as Bobby Flay, Mario Batali, Emeril, etc., where you can never meet them at their locations, yes, Rick Bayless is THERE.  Our waiter said, -every- day.  Anyway, let's get to the experience.  After finding this on the Internet and reading a few Yelp reviews we were totally sure this was where we wanted to have dinner. So I called to make reservations only to learn that at 6PM Saturday night they were no longer taking reservations. Was told that there is a bar area with open seating first come first served, and that the wait for a dinner table was one hour to one and a half hours.  No problem, we just put on our coats and gloves and stomped through the snow a few minutes and showed up in person to reserve a table and they happily accepted my reservation.  Being hungry and a little aggressive we then stood in the bar side waiting for anyone to leave a table and by probably what was sheer luck, a couple stood up and left like in less than a few minutes.  So we nailed that table fast and started out with a few drinks.  (Check the photo section for our uploads as we photographed the whole menu including the mixed drink section....) Now let's get to the FOOD!  Woo Hoo! We started with Margaritas - My wife selected the Vanilla Margarita with Cazadores Blanco Taquila infused with Mexican vanilla and Hoja Santa leaves, 10-year-old Torres Brandy, agave syrup and fresh squeezed limonada. Being a pepper lover, I selected the Margarita Yucateca with Milagro Blanco 100% Agave Tequila, fresh squeezed lime and orange, organic cane juice infused with roasted Habanero. See, that's what I am talking about!  Our drinks were mixed and shaken right there at the table and they were extravagantly delicious.  This was the start of a world class food adventure!  We then ordered the Ceviche Yucateco steamed organic shrimp and calimari tossed with lime, orange, habanero, avocado, jimcaya and cilantro with Tortilla chips, as well as Ensalada Frontera a mixture of young seasonal greens with wood-grilled onions, radishes, fresh home-made cheese (!!!!!!), and roasted garlic dressing.  Yet before our first food arrived, my wireless tag with led lights went off indicating that our table was open.  So we cleared our bar side tab, told them where to deliver the food (table 42) and we were seated at a fantastic table where I could see right into the open kitchen.  Pure heaven as I love stuff like this!  As soon as we were seated, Jonathan assisted us the rest of the night, and he had our starters ready as soon as we sat down.  Jonathan provided outstanding service, took the photo of us with Chef Rick Bayless and even told us some of the secrets of what he called their food; "Reconstructed Southern Mexican Gourmet", as being the fresh and organic ingredients they select from local farmers. Jonathan also helped us make some selections based on my request for "Chef Bayless's Favorites".  We dined on Tamal de Chivo - Banana leaf wrapped tamal(e) filled with slow cooked Pleasant Meadows Boer goat barbacoa with spicy red chile Guajilla sauce, pickled carrot-beet salad and queso anejo.  As well as a wonderfully, beautifully presented crispy Taquitos Pollo de Ahumado filled with smoked chicken and poblanos, served with home-made sour cream (!!!!!!), salsa verde, anejo cheese and guacamole.  To add our fish we selected the Cazeula de atun cherrywood smoked Hawaiian Ahi Tuna simmered with three-chile salsa, roasted butternut and Chayote with a frisee-watercress salad. We then ended with their final available plate of the day, Chef Bayless's own favorite, chile relleno (which does not appear to be on their menu).  In summary, Chef Bayless's cuisine is the finest Mexican style I have ever eaten, and I live in Texas, so I have had my share of mexican for decades.  I've also eaten at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill in NYC, and to me, Bayless's food is better. And I told him that.  It has a heat level to respect, and it is true world class, and very unique. AAA+++
