Went on a Sunday morning around 10 AM, waited about 15 minutes for seats for two. Ordered: Coffee, brioche french toast, huevos rancheros, and granola Definitely order: Huevos rancheros, french toast, and coffee. This was probably one of my favourite brunch experiences, I'm definitely a fan! Coffee: This was pretty good coffee. I was a little disappointed when they poured the cup from the thermos, but it was still very fresh (hard to not be fresh given how many customers they were having). The coffee had a bold aroma, and a hint of fruits and hazelnut flavour. The more I drank it, the more I liked it. In the end, I bought a 1 lb bag to bring back with me. I think it would turn out particularly well brewed in my French press ;) Brioche french toast: This was probably the best French toast I have ever had (haven't had many sweet brunch dishes in the past).  The loafs were soft, fluffy and rich with eggs, it's exactly what you would expect eating a thick slice of brioche bread. The eggs on the bottom was slightly crispy, and went extremely well with the flavours of the bread. Spread the top with the whipped butter ball, drizzle the whole thing with viscous syrup, and dip every bite in the crunchy shaved almonds: it was the definition of comfort food. I particularly loved the crust of the bread, it was slightly chewy and full of flavours. Just thinking about it makes me want to have it. A French toast done right! Huevos rancheros: This Mexican omelette was freaking delicious. The cheese was perfectly broiled on top and slightly chewy (probably low-fat cheese), then a layer of mixed veggies, then a thick layer of fluffy eggs, finally, on the very bottom a layer of black beans. Needless to say, everything was cooked and seasoned perfectly. My only complaint with this dish is that the beans at the bottom were somewhat one-dimensional; I would have loved some mushrooms mixed with the beans. Oh, almost forgot about the sauce. The store makes their own chipotle mayo dipping sauce. Because the sauce was chilled, it was wonderful to dab a little bit of the sauce to cool off a forkful of wonderful food. Granola Another simple yet well-executed dish. The yogurt was creamy and had a hint of sweetness; the oats were nicely toasted and mixed (they sell them packaged as well); the raisins and granny smith apple bits gave it some much needed acidity and balance. Still a tad too sweet for me, but I liked it nonetheless.
