Truly a Chicago icon, the Green Mill is a historical cornerstone of Uptown echoing back to the days of Capone and Ness and witness to the birth of slam poetry. Chicagoans who have yet to pay homage to the million light bulbs decorating their facade out front, you are missing out on THE Chicagoan jazz club and one of the cultural centers of slam poetry. Located in the heart of Uptown, up the street from the old Goldblatt's, a block away from the Lawrence Red Line stop, the Green Mill screams Chicago. The Green Mill is over a hundred years old, and it was during the Prohibition Era that the Green Mill placed the seeds of its notoriety. Al Capone used to drink here, there are tunnels beneath this bar that stretch out into the alleyways and other buildings in the neighborhood. These tunnels still exist, though most have been blocked off years ago. I hear if you come early and find the owner, he'll show you the trapdoor. When I think of the Green Mill, I think of slam. I think of the first time I sat in for the slam, I got in at six o'clock a full hour before any of it began. I was the only one sitting in the front and decided to secure a big booth for my friends who would be undoubtedly late. I drank and watched as the band set up their stations, as aspiring slam poets hailed from as far as New York City and were honored to be able to sign up to slam their poems.  As people rolled in, the room became packed, the anticipation was building, emcee Marc Smith who has been emceeing the Uptown Poetry Slam since its inception over twenty years ago took stage. There was an explanation of the rules, with clapping, finger snapping, and the buildup. The slam was set to begin. Slam poets get on stage with their piece and with the band accompanying them. I saw poets with words on paper with paper in front of their eyes reading off verse after verse. I saw poets with words committed to memory, throwing out their verse in stacatto bursts being filmed by HBO. I saw an ageless old man reciting a poem about a mountain and be hauled off stage needing a Dave Chappelle "Wrap It Up" button. I saw slam poetry duets, synchronized, I saw members of the house slam team prepping on their way to nationals. Yes, I even saw a slam poem about meat. The judges were from all over the place. One was a teacher from Kansas just visiting in town. The other two also were not from Chicago and were Just Visiting. The scores ran the gamut and the slam was ultimately declared a tie, but the slam was one of the most electrifying stage performance that my eyes have ever had the luxury to see. If you haven't seen it, go see it. If you've always wanted to see it, drag a friend or drag me to go see it. The slam is magnetic and the slam is epic as Marc Smith still slams during the Uptown Poetry Slam. If you don't have the luck to visit the Green Mill on a Sunday night before the crowd rolls in, you'll find yourself in one of Chicago's premier jazz clubs. Are they going to get Arturo Sandoval or Wynton Marsalis on any given night? Probably not, but they will have their wicked house band on stage playing set after set after set until four in the morning and if you're lucky, you'll catch a whole crew of trumpeters, trombones, saxophone all lined up performance jazz in its purest form: with smooth improv and unrelenting notes flying out of their instruments. Is there a cover? So what? The cover is justified by the legendary stature of the Green Mill. Is it hard to find a seat? You betcha, but there is no rule and it is common practice to sit at a table or booth that is already occupied and take a spot if there is a spot to be had. The crowd is eclectic, the crowd is chill, so don't try walking into a jazz club if you plan on yapping your head off while the band takes you into the late night hours. Once, I took a friend who was going all out drinking and we ended up at the Green Mill. He began to incoherently rant about his financee and would not stop talking. With the respect that I had for the Green Mill (and several failed doses of water to sober my friend up), I gladly put my friend in a cab and left the other patrons in peace.  On my last visit to the Green Mill I had a conversation with a youngin' who declared, "I know everything about the Green Mill, the tunnels, the jazz, Al Capone, the slam, everything!" I then asked him, "How many times have you been here?" He then said, "This is my first time here, but that's because I just turned twenty-one." I then declared, "Then you don't know anything about the Green Mill until you've seen it, sat down and listened to it, and watch as the night fades away and daybreak begins. A trumpeter chimed in, "I've been going to the Green Mill since I was eighteen years old!" The Green Mill is a Chicago classic and an icon that I hope never fades away into the distant horizon.
