I had just, of late, discovered the 'All Saints Spitalfields' clothing label. It is edgy, distressed, and rock & roll. On a recent Friday night, as I walked into Gilt Bar, the same thoughts came to mind. If All Saints was a restaurant, it would be Gilt Bar. I wished I had worn my All Saints ensemble. Here, they advertise that everything is to share. The categories are broken down into: On Toast, Salad, Veggies, Pasta, Meat & Seafood. Given that, this is definitely not tapas or small plates. The dishes are all pretty substantial, and each can easily be shared between 3 or 4 people. To start, a bottle of Juan Gil monastrell from Jumilla. This is one of my favorites from that region. We picked 2 items from the On Toast section. On Toast simply meant that the dish comes with grilled bread. The Gioia Burrata and Heirloom Tomatoes elevated the run-of-the-mill caprese salad into the high heavens. This probably won't sound good, but to me, burrata is like a soft sponge with intense fresh cheese flavors. The tomatoes made me hang on to the last vestiges of summer. My only quip would be that the tomato chunks were a bit clumsy to pile on the perfectly crusty and chewy toast. The Roasted Bone Marrow with Red Onion Jam was not run-of-the-mill either. Here, the bones were cut lengthwise, making it easier to scoop out the marrow. The sweet jam provided a kick to all the oily goodness of the marrow. The Paris Mushroom and Trufle Pasta came in wide ribbons of pappardelle. Sheets of shaved cheese mingled with the little black specks of mushroom and truffle. Utter simplicity and utterly satisfying. For the main protein, we got the Hand Cut Pork Meatballs with Anson Mills Hand Ground Polenta. Six perfect large meatballs. Hints of thyme, great bite. The polenta, OMG, the polenta. No cheese in sight, yet very, very flavorful. Decided to go the liquid route for dessert. Death's Door Daisy with Death's Door vodka, Aperol, St. Germain, and Lemon. Fruity with light floral hints. Why 4 stars? Solidly executed food. One could say that the dishes have pretty basic profiles. But when basics are done this good, let me eat here everyday. Great atmosphere, great vibe. This location though had been cursed over the years. I hope Gilt Bar is here to stay.
