After five years in Chicago, my pilgrimage to Hot Doug's finally came in the form of a couple dogs and cheese fries. Damned if it wasn't worth every last bite of hype.  Just a twenty minute wait on a ninety-five degree day. I would have been happy to wait two or three times that long, though.  I was thoroughly frightened of ordering and not having enough to eat. This would turn out to be a very baseless fear, but I'm glad to have done so anyway. I went with the bacon and sharp cheddar elk sausage with bacon-garlic mayo and mahon vonvallis shredded cheese. This was a last meal quality sausage. Every bite was a symphony of flavor. We're talking brass heavy symphony, too, not some girly woodwinds.  Insurance came in the form of a Chicago style dog with everything and a "small" side of cheese fries. I was almost sated after the elk sausage alone, so I ended up forcing my friend to take down half of the Chicago dog.  Doug himself was a friendly fellow and seemed to be cracking jokes with everyone that came through the line. He's gotta be burned out by the time 4:00 p.m. rolls around, but he's very much the genuine smiling face of his business, so kudos to him for that.  There wasn't more than a table or two open at any given time, but if no one dilly dallies for too long, anyone who wants to eat in should be able to find a spot without waiting too long.  There was a very diverse lunchtime crowd. Contractors with cell phones on the hip, white collar guys from across the street, hipsters, you name it. It's nice to see a place that all types of Chicagoans can enjoy.  My friend dropped me off at Target after lunch, and I spent the better part of a half-hour in a full on food coma stumbling through the aisles, leaning on my cart for support, before I even picked up a single item.* I thought I would feel like death after an hour or two, as one often does after a lunch of this magnitude, but it never came. In fact, I've felt great ever since. Perhaps Doug's is the fountain of youth of encased meats?  You'd better believe it will not take me another five years to make it back for the duck fat fries.  *Don't act like you go to Target and only buy one thing.
