What a disappointment. I recently became a Starwoods Reward Club member, so rather than stay at the Palmer House Hilton the way I usually do when I'm in Chicago, I decided to scout this place out instead.  It was raining miserably during the time I was here, so I didn't venture out around the property, but here are some observations about the hotel itself. High Points: *The concierge has a list of restaurants that will deliver to the hotel. This is an excellent feature because room service for dinner is rather awful (see low points below). *The room itself is very comfortable and clean. *I lost an earring. Housekeeping found it and placed it where I would see it. I was very pleased. *They have a nice facility for a gym *They have an Acura car service that will take you around the city for free, as long as you sit through a 1 minute video on your ride and listen to the driver talk about the car and fill out a short survey. (Service is available from noon-7pm only.) *Navy Pier looks like its in walking distance. I could see it was close from a hotel window. Low Points: *Hotel room service is bad and expensive!. I had the chicken pot pie for dinner which was just gross. It was a lardy mess and not really a pie at all with the tiniest pieces of chicken and veggies almost like the kind that you would find in a can of condensed soup. I also ordered a $12 slice of carrot cake, which for the price I hoped would be amazing and it was small and just 'meh bordering on not good.  *The shower kept changing temperature!!! I took two showers while I was there, one long and one short (I know, TMI huh?). During the long shower the water temperature got cold at least 5 or 6 times. And during the short shower at least a couple of times. That is just plain old unacceptable! *They have a popular happy hour. That in and of itself is a good thing, however, the bar is right next to the reception desk. The music and crowd was so loud that I could not hear the front desk staff as I was checking in. *I got a double room when I asked for a King. * The hallways are noisy in the evenings, sounded like hotel staff. Other points: *They have a very interesting menu option: fresh fruit with chocolate sauce, whipped cream and......a disposable camera. Enjoy! :)
