Well, at least Garcia's is consistent. Same unremarkable food, same poor service, same same same. I can only imagine that the good reviews are coming from people who had margaritas and, therefore, their taste buds were anesthetized and their sense of time passing was altered. So why did I end up here? Well, we were coming back from a lovely day spent at King Spa, and my friend said, how about some Mexican food? I rarely say "no" to that question. Unfortunately, it was a rainy Monday, and Los Nopales is closed on Monday. We ended up at Garcia's. I had hopes, friends, I had hopes. That happens when you're hungry. You think, maybe today, this place will be good. Maybe today, I'll have a good meal and receive good service. You know what the definition of faith is? It's the triumph of hope over experience. Well, my faith is dashed. We arrived mid-afternoon on Monday. The dining room is cavernous when there are only 4 tables occupied, and 2 waitresses to serve them. The busboy brought over water, utensils, chips, salsa and menus quickly. The waitress took our orders - one fish taco, one avocado burrito - in quick order. My friend, who ordered just one fish taco, was diving into the chips and salsa. I had one or two; the salsa is just okay. And I had a burrito coming. Our food arrived in about 5 minutes. My friend bathed her fish taco in salsa. What does that tell you about the flavor? She continued her assault on the chips. I took a bite of the avocado burrito - there is no taste other than avocado. Maybe that's as it should be. But there's no heat, either of the temperature or the flavor variety. Cold and clammy. Well, I do like avocado, so I ate half of it. When you're hungry, taste isn't as important. Meanwhile, my friend has emptied the chip basket and the salsa bowl. It would be nice to receive refills. I might like to add some flavor, however small, onto my honking big burrito. However, the waitress is nowhereto be seen in the dining room. I glanced over at the far wall, and see the two waitresses holding up the restaurant structure by leaning against the wall with their arms folded. Refills? Hah! You don't need no stinking refills! Finally, we flagged down the busboy and asked for our check. The waitress somehow pried herself loose from the wall to deliver the check. She does not waste her valuable energy by saying anything to us like "how was everything?" "Is there anything you need?" Yes, dear, there's something I need. I need Los Nopales open seven days a week, thank you very much, so I never have to cross your path again. A couple weeks later, I'm still pissed off writing about this. I left a 10% tip. I can't not leave a tip. You want a tip, waitress? Try doing your job. You'll make more money that way. And you'll have customers actually coming back, instead of bad-mouthing you on Yelp like I'm doing. I will pry gum from the sidewalk and eat that before I go to Garcia's again. fyi: the Garcia's outpost on Lawrence Avenue is better, and the staff are nicer. Maybe because it's a small place. They can't hide so easily from the customers there.
