My husband and I dined at Tru on 05/15/2010 (a Saturday night). This restaurant has beautiful contemporary art on the walls and a very refined atmosphere. We were promptly offered a wine list and cocktail menu. I must admit that I was a bit overwhelmed and slightly nervous about making a faux pas! After a few sips of my tasty sake martini I was able to relax and enjoy the food and perfect service. We decided to go with the prix fixe menu. The grand collection sounds absolutely wonderful, but we both knew that six courses would be too much for us. I started with the prime beef tartar, parmesan, truffle, golden egg (egg yolk wrapped in gold leaf). It was divinely rich and satisfying.  We requested that the sommelier pair wines with our appetizers and entrees. I was offered a champagne, which did go very well with my beef tartar. My husband had the gnocchi, which was rich and delicious. I believe his gnocchi was paired with a chardonnay. I had the bacon wrapped monkfish as my entre and it was very flavorful, it was paired with a pinot noir. My husband had the ribeye with fois gras--this dish was prepared perfectly and was absolutely delicious. My only regret is not ordering it for myself! We passed on the cheese course, it certainly looked appealing, but I was full and ready for something sweet. My husband opted for the peppermint dessert, which was very rich and had quite a few layers of flavor. He also had the yellow Chartreuse as an after dinner drink. I decided on the sorbet for dessert. Three sorbets, vanilla, pear, and orange, accompanied with poached pears. This was light, refreshing, and delicious. Also, the dark chocolate truffles are amazing! Definitely worth trying! I believe that dessert was my favorite course and I can see why people make dessert only reservations at this restaurant. The service is second to none; my husband commented that it is synchronized serving and it certainly is...the entire staff works together to make this a memorable and unique experience. We each had a cocktail, the prix fixe menu, half glass wine parings with our appetizer and entre courses, and a couple of selections from the candy cart. Our bill was a little over $300 and with a $65 gratuity I believe the final bill, including tip was closer to $400.
