Have you ever been to Wonderland? How about Oz? I have, in the form of Alinea. I never knew these whimsical places actually existed until I brought my palate here. Course after course I fell deeper down the rabbit hole. Words like creative and unique don't even come close to describing the fare served at Alinea. Grant Achatz really is our modern day Willy Wonka. As our 4 year anniversary approached we really felt there was no where more suiting than Alinea to spend it in. Chicago has become a favorite city of ours and I, a huge fan or Mr. Achatz. We made our reservation for the 29 course "tour" menu and started counting down the days. As we made our way down the pink glowing hallway my heart was racing with excitement. Even though we were 30 minutes early for our reservation, we were greeted by name and sat anyway. We made our way up the stairs my eyes darting, looking for even a small clue as to what our evening would bring us. The minimalistic decor provides a blank backdrop so the food really is the star. A caterpillar like cascade of purple flowers sat behind our dinner table and set the tone for the whimsy to come. The overall feel of the atmosphere is genuinely fun. There was a level of service and class without it feeling stuffy or pretentious. No dish was ever explained in a condescending manner, no waiter was rude, and the room filled with laughter as the courses continued to arrive.  Some dishes shined more than others, some were true to the "molecular gastronomy" fad, while others simply showcased simple and amazing flavors. The dishes to me that were the greatest stars of the night were as follows: Course 5- A do-it-your-self pork belly spring roll. At the beginning of the meal we were presented with 2 sheets of rice paper beautifully draped over a small wooden stand. In the papers were flowers and herbs. When the course arrived, we assisted in constructing a sort of tee-pee for the rice paper to sit in. Sweet and succulent coconut curried pork belly was spooned into the center and you chose your own additions off of a plate of 11 ingredients. I choose black sea salt, lime, onion, and additional herbs. I wrapped it all up and was wrapped up in the flavors of that dish the whole night. It was by far my favorite. It was like Thai street food made glamorous. Course 10- Thai banana with a square of frozen Guinness beer with mustard and pecans. I truly wished this course was more than one bite, it was the definition of balance. Course 12- Powdered peanut butter, when mixed with your saliva returned to an original creamy peanut butter texture followed by Cayenne pepper. In terms of creativity, I felt this dish stood out amongst the rest. The way the flavors developed from peanut to pepper was indescribable. Course 13- Foie Gras, which seemed to be frozen, pushed through a sieve, over pear and white wine sorbet. My boyfriend and I both couldn't stop talking about this dish. It was like heavenly Foie ice cream. I wanted another scoop! Course 18- Part of what was called "cocktail hour at Alinea". A passion fruit Hurricane with all the traditional New Orleans flavors. This drink was like first sip of ice cold Kool-aid on a hot summer day when you are 8 years old. It was perfection. Course 23- One pound cake bite with strawberry and lemon sitting on a bed of almond sugar. We were literally instructed to enjoy this dish like fun-dip. Eat the pound cake then lick the vanilla bean and scoop up the almond sugar. Besides the fact that it was pound cake perfection, any chef who uses fun-dip as inspiration gets an A in my book! Course 27- Earl gray cookies, lemon custard, candied pine nuts, and caramelized white chocolate served on a pillow of Earl Grey scented air. Can I say anymore? This dish was really like cookies and childhood. It was playful, rich, sweet, and had a wonderful presentation. 5 hours later, I was on a culinary high. My belly was near the point of exploding, but it was all well worth it. I love that the whole meal brought you home and brought you back to childhood. The raspberry transparency was like a grown-up fruit roll up. I even caught myself making little faces as I ate it. I loved course 24, which involved us sucking gelee (grown-up Jell-O), creme fraiche (grown-up pudding), and Bubble Yum out of a tube. What is more fun than that? Even the playful nature of the dessert that is prepared on your table was simply a chef playing with food. Nothing about the meal was too serious, too full of itself, or too out of reach for any palate to enjoy.  My night at Alinea will be one I will never forget. Meals that leave an impact on me are some of my fondest memories of life. I look forward to all the things Chef Grant is going to do and all of the minds he is going to open up to "fun" cooking. I for one, will always trust my Willy Wonka and take one more bite down the yellow-brick road.
