Delicioso! My very generous boy took me here for a fantastic dinner last night. First off, let me say, the outdoor patio is a peaceful sanctuary despite the busy intersection (Grand/Halsted/Milwaukee); we could only hear a touch of traffic noise over the din of the restaurant, and the garden setting is beautiful.  Our waiter was pleasant, and I could listen to his Italian accent all day long; love it! They use a team approach to serving, which can be a little bit much, but efficient, I guess.  I started with the caprese salad, which was fresh and great (hard to mess up, really), then on to the gnocchi, which was heaven in my mouth (second only to the orgasmic gnocchi at A Tavola). It's a little rich, but the portion size was perfect. By the way, I love that they offer both appetizer and entree portions of the pastas, so you can opt to enjoy a three course meal without busting the bank, or your belt. The boy had the zucchini appetizer (sort of a breaded zucchini with cheese in a tomato sauce), which was very tasty, and then the whole fish of the day, red snapper, which was somewhat bland but still very good. We split a dessert - not sure on what it was called, but it tasted similar to a sorbet (but was firmer and less melt-y) and it involved peaches. It was good but not great. We also shared a bottle of wine that was yummy. I'm not sure what the grand total was for the night (thanks to that aforementioned very generous boy), but from perusing the menu, the prices seemed very reasonable for the quality of food, service and atmosphere. We got there early (about 6:30), without a reservation, and waited only about 5 minutes for a patio table (it was a weekday, by the way), but there seemed to be a crowd accumulating by the time we left, just after 8pm. I would definitely recommend this place for any event, from a date to a large gathering. As an aside, I'm sort of a freak about checking out the bathroom as a final measure of the restaurant, and although the bathroom was very clean and attractive, it was nothing special. Feel free to ignore this point if your mother did not pass this little quirk along to you.
