I with there was an option to give negative stars. The store is dark and dirty; the antithesis of Mariano's which is light and airy. I know it's supposed to be a loft, but it is just so dusty and grimy. The ramp is always dirty, and for awhile, there was even a large sheet of particle board just sitting on the ramp. The shelves are empty and if you like something, you should buy as much as you can because you will never be able to buy it again. I found some amazing rosemary crackers, but on my next visit, there were no more. So I asked a manager if they could order a few boxes; that I would take 5-6 boxes if they go through the trouble of ordering soem for me. But every time I followed up about my special order, the response was always.... "check back tomorrow... maybe next Thursday... check back the next time Haley's Comet is set to pass." I still haven't gotten them despite filling out a form at the cash register once a week. The "request forms" must go right down to the garbage.The produce department is a joke, the sweet potatoes are always rotten. A small pineapple is 6 dollars a piece at the peak of the season! When you can buy Michigan apples in season, their apples come from Australia! Seriously, there aren't any apples in season between here and Australia? Maybe it wouldn't be 3 dollars a pound if they were shipped halfway around the world! There have been days that I had to go to Treasure Island because they didn't even have limes, or other kitchen basics, in stock. There are no prices on the produce. Ask a cashier the price, and they will ask each other, "What is this?" I didn't think Romaine Lettuce was so exotic!The stores is more of a memorial to empty stores shelves than a grocery store. The shelves are empty, and the cash register never have any products other than champagne; no gum, mints, or even chapstick. I can never buy cold liters of Diet Coke. They will have 100 bottles of regular coke or sprite, but then there won't be any diet cokes. There are no prices on the shelves; the items in the candy section moves around so much, but they never move the price tags with whatever product they're moving. I've picked stuff up, and Whatever, they may be in bad shape financially. I keep coming over and over, and the stock has been decreasing pretty steadily, but I live across the street so I still stop over fairly often looking for basic items, usually late at night, when all of the other stores are closed. The store hours are an amazing 6-12a. The cashier kept calling me, "sweetie." I was asked once whether I wanted a "loyalty card." And I said, sure without skipping a beat... The cashier laughed and said, "Oh I'm sorry. I used to work for Dominics." I'm not sure that this is "high-end" store since everywhere sells about the same stuff that they do, and always at a better price than fox's. Sorry Fox. I've been a loyal customer for a long time, but I'm done with you.
