Egads! Someone making thin crust pizza in the deep-dish capital of the world?? Yes folks, it's true. And this is not just any pizza place- this is Southern Italian style cooking at its best. While I'm not about to pretend to be any sort of expert, I do know what I like in an Italian restaurant, and Spacca Napoli gets an "A" in every one of my make-or-break categories. Pizza - Let's be serious, that's what you really want to know about, right? I had the Bufalina because I am a self-professed Buffalo mozzarella fanatic. If you've never tried it, go and get some right now. I'll wait for you to get back. You got it? Good. Now you know that it has all the creaminess of a plain fresh mozzarella, but with the addition of very slightly sweet and smoky undertones that can stand up to the herbaceousnes of the basil and the acidity of the sauce, but still be a part of the whole. My date got one of the specials of the night (which actually changed as the night went on and showed me that when the pizzolos ran out of one ingredient, they didn't shut down their creativity for the night - they improvised and featured something else instead - major kudos), and it was fantastic as well. Pizza crust - Yes, this does get its own section. It's just that important. First off, an explanation of what I look for in a pizza crust, if you don't agree, skip this section. Thin crust pizzas walk a thin line between crispiness and chewiness. Too crispy, and you've got a dry cracker with toppings on it. Too chewy, and you have foccacia. However, mostly crispy with a slight softness is also a recipe for disaster - as soon as that pizza comes out of the oven, the moisture goes to work to make the crispy-seeming crust a soggy mess. My 'Goldylock's Porridge' is 1/4" thick chewy crust with a crispy bottom. The crispness provides the texture and bit of char flavor, the chewiness gives the pizza a slight bit of structure, more flavor, and most of all, acts as a moisture barrier between the toppings and the crisp crust. Service - My date and I went there on a busy Saturday night. The place was packed, but we didn't have to wait very long and never felt rushed by our server. I especially liked that he was on the casual side, was friendly and personable, and to me it felt like a friend was serving us. Even the busser that cleared our table was friendly and put in our order when we decided we wanted another pizza without referring our server back to us. Plus, the hostess, who had enough to do on a busy Saturday night gave everyone a free mini cannoli as they left, which was a added bonus. Everything else - The decor was nice. Sometimes I feel like Italian restaurants are trying to go with a color scheme to match their marinara, and topping it off with fake vines for basil, and fake stonework for bread. To an extent, Spacca Napoli does this as well, but only to match the idea of their food - light and simple. There are some tastefully used Italian elements, but they work to enhance the experience, not take away from it. The panna cotta was outstanding (as a pastry chef, I'm especially picky about those things), and the marinated grilled zucchini was very good as well. All in all, my date and I were very glad we heard about this place, and though we try not to repeat any restaurants on our date nights, we may have to make an exception for Spacca Napoli.
