I was in between giving this place a two and a three star rating. 2.5 Really cool entrance way. I felt like I was walking in a shrinking hallway, a la Willy Wonka. The gentleman that greeted us at the front door was kinda rude. I typically do not put reservations under my last name because it is difficult to spell and a tad long. Usually I use my partners last name. So when he asked for the name on the reservation, I automatically gave my partners. No. Try my last name. No. Some confusion ensued. The reservation was under my name but it took about 5 minutes for him to find it and this guy kept insisting they did not have our reservation. This was my birthday and the restaurant is a special treat so I was starting to panic a bit. Fine, things happen, but I felt like he acted like this was my fault and he was rude and snobby about it and he did not apologize. Bad start. Dining room service was nice. Several servers came by our table throughout the night and they were all professional with a bit of humor thrown in. Our waitress was a little soft spoken but did not mind answering any questions or repeating herself when asked. I liked that she not only listed the ingredients in the dishes but she also explained how to eat the courses that were served in nontraditional manners. Decor was very minimal but pretty. I wish they played music in the dining room. Awkward silence. I really don't want to hear the conversation from the table across the room. Also, the dining room was freezing. Our waitress said they were having problems with the heater and brought me a pashmina. The girl at the table across also requested one so I know it wasn't just me. Seriously, my toes were numb. Not cool when we are shelling out around $300 per person. The food was interesting, theatrical, creative beyond creative. The presentations were some of the most creative I have ever seen. Taste wise though, most were just OK. Several dishes, 3 or 4, were overly salty. I like salt but it should enhance the flavor of food not BE the flavor. Very few dishes made me say, 'Wow. This tastes amazing.' Most were just good. Not great. For my taste, there were way to many dessert courses. Four or five I think. The grand finale dessert literally covered the entire table and I was already so done with sweet flavors. I didn't even really want to eat it, even though it was the best one. I kinda felt sick by that point! The sommelier asked what we were going to drink. I did not want to do the tasting and he suggested I go with a glass of champagne. He was pleasant and not pushy about the wine tasting. I was a little surprised when the bill arrived. I believe the most expensive glass of champagne on the menu was $18 but somehow we were charged $25 per glass. Hmmm. Alinea is definitely a unique dining experience. You will see and experience food here in a way that is unlike any other restaurant. I had fun and Alinea made this a memorable birthday. (I do not think I would have enjoyed it if we did not have a $500 gift card!) Overall, I just found the flavors to be lacking and have no desire to return. While I appreciate pretty and creative presentations, to me the taste of the food is what makes a great dish. This place just didn't rock my world the way I expected.
