I stumbled upon Geja's a few years ago and have since gone for dates, anniversaries, friends' birthdays, and dinner dates with girlfriends who are visiting from the suburbs for a child-free night out. it's my favorite restaurant for its atmosphere, staff, music, and delicious food (the cheese is my favorite, and I often find myself ravenously craving it if I haven't had it in a while!).  Some other peoples' reviews seemed misguided, and as an experienced geja's diner, perhaps I can shed some light: the booths are great, but they are first come-first serve because EVERYONE wants them. I appreciate that the hosts do not hold them open--it seems fair to me. On certain nights when sitting in one of the romantic booths is important to me, we gladly wait at the bar and indulge on cheese & crackers and wine. The bartenders are great and will pour tastes of different wines til you find the one you love (if they're not slammed). For those who wrote that they walked by an empty booth when they arrived, trust me, it's because there have been people waiting patiently at the bar for THAT booth, they just haven't been seated yet! booths are worth the wait on romantic evenings, but there are many other romantic tables, too, if you don't have the time or willpower to wait. there are times we've been seated at one of the small tables close to others when the restaurant is extremely busy (i.e. Saturday nights), but the cheese fondue and salad come out immediately, so as soon as we start fonduing we are so consumed in the food and each other's company that we soon forget there's anyone else in the restaurant. another tip: there is vegetable broth or chicken broth if you're worried about the oil or calories, but it's NOT as delicious as cooking in the oil, which gives your veggies a nice, light crisp. the broths are not on the menu; you have to ask your server. regardless, I'd recommend foregoing any diet for a night at geja's. i'm a vegetarian and LOVE the vegetable medley which comes with an abundance of fresh, beautiful eggplant, zuccini, peppers, cauliflower, broccoli, potatoes, bell peppers, onions, and mushrooms (i might be forgetting a couple of items...?). my bf always gets the lobster and beef tenderloin. we both love the wide assortment of rich sauces that accompanies our meals! it is a little pricey, but again it's the perfect place to come and indulge with a loved one, family (no kids!), or guests from out of town for a special occasion! i live on a modest budget, but I don't ever mind splurging at geja's because we always have such a wonderful time! plus, it's a 50 yr-old, unique chicago establishment with a friendly and loyal staff that's been there forever. i'd rather contribute to their business than some over-priced, hyped-up chain. geja's is truly a special place...definitely worth it!
