I'm happy to say that this was one of the best meals I've had. I know that's so cliche but it's true. Thinking back to all the great food I've encountered this entire meal ranks right up there with memories that make even my taste buds misty.... So the plan was... go to Chicago, enjoy the city and food. I wanted a special place though to take my girlfriend that would be memorable and amazing. (that entire paragraph actually ended up happening)  So L&E was my choice over all the other other options in Chicago. The restaurant, while on the corner, is almost hidden. No signage really other than Eat, Sleep Whiskey.  We were greeted with a small and cute restaurant. A blueish gray color that was accented with black that wrapped through the large bar you see first when opening the door. The space is well utilized and very well balanced. Not too pretentious, and not too "we're not trying to impress you"  Check out the ceiling in the back of the restaurant. Drinks: I had the Goose Island Matilda. Local and stellar. I fell in love with this beer.  For an appetizer we had the meatballs. Three meatballs, though small, they were out of this world good sitting atop a creamy bed of perfectly cooked polenta and fonduta.  Entree: I had the half chicken with macaroni and morels heirloom carrots and jus. The chicken was cooked perfectly. Whoever says "taste's like chicken" is seriously eating well if this is their standard. The Morels and Mac were a good combination as well. The mushrooms cooked perfectly provided a gentle earthiness to the dish that I thought brought everything together. My girlfriend had the Pork which was also stellar. The risotto cooked perfectly and a smear of black garlic puree which was awesomely good.  Both dishes were overly satisfying and not too heavy. We shared the flourless chocolate cake. Bacon Ice Cream? Yes Please! Red wine syrup and a molten inside. A little bit of spice, sweet, chocolate and pig. A perfect way to end a wonderful meal. The service was really good. Our actual server seemed a bit weeded, but the accompanying staff stepped in and assisted with plate clears, utensil resets and food running. Overall the meal met and exceeded all of our expectations.  We talked about how rare it is to have a dining experience that impresses in every way. L&E seems to have each step well conceptualized and executed.
