Le Colonial has never disappointed. I came here a few years ago for an anniversary dinner and had a great time. I was excited to find out that we had a work dinner scheduled here and couldn't believe that years had lapsed since my last visit. Upon arrival we were seated towards the back of the restaurant near the kitchen. The lights were low, creating a very classy (and romantic if you're on a date) atmosphere. The restaurant was bustling at 6:30 on a Tuesday night, so make sure that you have a reservation. We had a very attentive waitress who took our drink orders as soon as we were settled and gave us some helpful suggestions regarding the appetizers. We ordered three appetizers for our group of four to go with our wine. I don't remember which appetizers we had specifically, but one was a lettuce wrap with deep-fried pork and shrimp with a spicy chili sauce. This was the most memorable appetizer as it was extremely flavorful and the chili sauce was fantastic. We also ordered an "Vietnamese ravioli" that I wasn't a fan of--it was luke warm and boring. It consisted of what I believed to be chicken and/or bean sprouts and was missing a lot of spices. Although the waitress was extremely enthusiastic about this dish, I could've easily passed on this one. The last appetizer was a basic spring roll which wasn't bad but wasn't great, nothing was memorable. For the main entree I went with #39: Bitet Tom Nuong which is grilled filet mignon and sauted shrimp served with tomato rice pilaf and mesclun greens. Upon ordering this I was surprised that they didn't ask what temperature I preferred the beef to be cooked to. Regardless, when the dish came out it was a very thin filet mignon that appeared to be cut in two, and it was cooked to a medium-well. It had a fantastic glaze on it that was chili-sweet and paired nicely with the tomato rice pilaf. As for the shrimp, they were slightly spiced and incredibly succulent. A small bite of the beef, shrimp, and rice pilaf was to die for, and I made sure to dice up my steak and shrimp into small bites to get the most out of this flavor combination. As for the mesclun greens, they were tossed in some sort of light olive oil/spiced dressing that was delicious and a great compliment to the steak and shrimp. We sadly passed up on the desserts, but they had a great offering that I would love to try the next time I'm there. If you're in the mood for an interesting fusion, or if you just love Vietnamese food with a twist, I'd highly recommend this restaurant. It's in a great area of the city that's always bustling at night, resulting in a great Chicago experience.
