My family has been patronizing this restaurant since it opened in 1962, when my brother was in an infant seat and I wasn't even a twinkle in my Dad's eye. It's a family-run business which has been passed from generation to generation while maintaining excellent quality. It started as a tiny storefront, now the first room that you enter. Then they expanded next door (the room with all the windows), and finally opened up the back room. I am so glad to see them thrive!  First of all, the nachos. Ah, the nachos. They are what all other nachos dream of being. Not a messy glop of gunk on soggy Tostitos, but rather individually assembled bites of heavenly refried beans, cheese, guacamole, and sour cream on a crunchy corn tortilla chip. When I was little, they each came with a slice of pickled jalapeno on top, but that's dropped away. We always add our own - I highly recommend it. Next, the carne asada. My dad has always ordered them "cerrada", meaning 'not butterflied'*, cooked medium, and they come to the table thick, juicy, and done to a turn. We get fries, and Dad gets the crispy ones from the top of the pile, Mom gets the ones in the middle, and I get the ones that have sopped up the meat juice. Heaven! *It wasn't until I ordered a carne asada in another Mexican restaurant and got one that was butterflied that I understood the importance of this - when the skirt steak is cut thinly like that, it gets dried out and tough. Speaking of heaven, the refried beans are spectacular. Not a sloppy, loose glop of gray stuff that you find elsewhere, but a gorgeously flavored helping of well-cooked beans. Best on earth. The tortillas are made then and there, and are phenomenal. I don't think we've ever had room for dessert, so on that I cannot comment. I never give much thought to ambiance other than noticing whether or not it goes with the food - and somehow, here it does. Loud Mexican music, loud people, and louder art just seem to go hand in hand with the food. 'Sfine with me - all part of the fun. Everybody's happy, everybody's well-fed, and all's right with the world when you're at El Nuevo Leon.
