After having a very crappy falafel in central Illinois, I decided to go on a quest for Chicago's best falafel. Of course, like you, I went to Yelp to find the best one. I read the reviews, looked it up, and I trekked out to Sultan's Market today. To avoid the rush hour and long lines I went at 3pm (on a Thursday) and there was only 1 other customer eating and plenty of open seats. First impressions are fun and nifty - very cool decorations and atmosphere. Nobody was in line so I marched right up and ordered a falafel sandwich (medium spicy). I grabbed a little box of sweets and 2 drinks. Towards the register I noticed the baked meat pies (they look like puffy burritos) for only $2. I thought that one sandwich would not fill me up so I asked for a meat pie also. Remembering they are cash only, I whipped out my money and I paid $14 and change for everything all together. I thought hmmm this place is supposed to be cheap but I sat down with everything and prepared myself for the falafel... Holy cow! Delicious. I love spicy food and the medium spicy was just the right amount, I don't think I could handle any more. So delicious and so fresh, the cucumbers and tomatoes were cool and crunchy and the hummus was uber creamy and delicious. The falafel itself was amazing. Great seasoning, not greasy at all, toasty flavor. I gobbled it up. Right when I thought "Wow, so good and only $3.75" did I realize I was stuffed. What a great value. The meat pie was room temperature when I got it so I figured I would take that home and pop it in the oven to reheat for dinner. I just had to taste the sweets though. I tried the little square peanut baklava. Flaky...delicate...the perfect amount of sweetness with delicious honey. Wonderful. It really is priced great, a super value. $14 for 2 filling meals and dessert that will last 2 or 3 days to nibble on (it was the most expensive part of the meal - $5) and 2 drinks. I recommend this place. I suggest going at off-peak hours and bringing cash. Must try the sweets!
