Damn 400 reviews! Wow. Okay so I wanted to crank a review out quickly for those that haven't chosen this spot as a possibility for Restaurant Week 2012!. Three courses of spectacular, tantalized our (myself and dining companions) taste buds and filled our bellies to the MAX! I could have used a wheel barrel to get back to the car, driving home was a feat.  To the chick and dude that were supposed to meet us last Sunday night for dinner, how stupid of you to bail on your best friend and also stupid of you to bail on a bangin' meal. When you RSVP for a meal with awesome company you do your model best to get your ass into that seat. Three courses and what I got. We all ordered beers or cocktails. I enjoyed a couple, finely crafted Mint Julep's. (Maker's Mark Bourbon, Mint, Sugar) All served in a deep tin cup with a mound of snow over the top. Kind of like a snow cone if you will, for adults. Except no primary colors. First course BBQ flight which included cubes of Kobe brisket, pulled chicken and pulled pork served in ramekins with two cake size slices of corn bread topped with whipped honey butter. Chicago Q's very own mixtures of BBQ sauces accompanied. So much food and so very tasty. Kobe cubes were my favorite, I dropped the silverware and went savage on the plate. The meat was tender and heated to the right temperature, good solo and even better with their house sauces.  Second course was a full slab of baby back ribs, my gal pal opted for the St Louis style. Now we had a 3rd diner with us, but with all the food on the table, I cannot remember what he ordered though he was not dining like we were on ferocious barbecue. First course he had BBQ shrimp served over a sea of lemony grits, after that is where it got foggy. You see, by this time and especially after the BBQ flight, we could each, only get two bones inside before asking for doggy bags. Final course dessert. We asked for cookies and one got them as they emerged from the oven. Freshly baked chocolate chip cookies they say are served with milk, though I'm not sure where exactly the milk was. They ran out of oatmeal and bacon, poop! Two of us got key lime pie served over a smear of a strawberry jam and with a heaping dollop of fresh whipped cream. That key lime was extra special, so much so that I've been thinking whether to return for another slice all week. Service was on top of their game except for a few hiccups, we discussed whether its a design thing or wait staff just not asking before taking. The Q offers house made chips, slightly sweet and salty and you can have as much as you can handle. All in all this was a great visit and I think Chicago Q has made a few more customers with this endeavor. In the future, instead of looking into the windows as I walk by on Dearborn, next time I'll just walk in. Great for a date or entertaining friends.
