First, I want to point out that I have over 17 years of experience in the service industry and I only joined Yelp to write this review. I have held just about every position possible inside a restaurant from bus boy to manager. I just got home from my latest and probably last visit to Gino's East. We arrived at Gino's East at 162 E Superior St. at 7:10 this evening. Upon our arrival we waited in line for what we were told would be about 45 minutes with a party of 5. I then experienced what can only be described as the worst "wait" experience and one of the most inefficient and ridiculous host/hostess operations i have ever seen. The host was not taking names but yet the number of people in your party and we were told to wait in line outside of the restaurant. This would have been fine if people were seated in the order of which they arrived, as is the standard practice of any other establishment, and if the inept host could have remembered any party in line. Needless to say our 45 minute wait quickly turned into an hour and then an hour an 10 minutes as we were continuously skipped over for parties of 4, 6, and even 7 people. At this point we were finally let inside the restaurant where we were told to sit in the lobby and wait some more. We were then skipped over by another party of 7, a party of 6, and a party of 4 who arrived about 40 minutes after our party. When we were finally sat down at our table it was about 8:30. This would not have happened in any of the establishments I have worked at. Especially an establishment that claims to be "World Famous". Our server came and he was definitely the only highlight of the night. He was attentive and the service was actually pretty good. We ordered our drinks, appetizers, and pizzas as soon as the waiter came to our table. The drinks and cheese sticks came out pretty quickly. however; I was still fuming from the experience at the host stand but I was trying to make the best of it. My expectation at this point would have been a table visit from a manager to apologize for the wait, thank us for coming in, and just show some sort of hospitality. This again is fairly standard in the service industry. No such visit occurred. After about an hour of waiting for our pizza I saw our server pull two managers into the kitchen. Upon seeing this I immediately said to my table "They messed up our pizzas!". Sure enough a few seconds later the server, not one of the managers, approached our table to tell us the bad news. He did say that the smaller pizza would be taken off the check however; after the long and ridiculous wait and now this mishap, a visit from a manager was expected. I was actually kinda of shocked that the staff didn't think of this on their own . When the pizza finally came out at about 9:45 a member at our table actually said to the server "I know this is not your fault but we got here at 10 after 7 and we are just now getting our pizza.". We were hoping that the server would say something to the manager. He did not! We then quickly and quietly ate our pizza hoping still that one of the two managers would come over. This again never happened. We paid our bill and left very disappointed and quite angry. We will never be visiting any of the Gino's East establishments again unless something is done to rectify this situation. This is quite sad because you actually enjoy the pizza quite a bit. Here are some suggestions for Gino's East : Correct the issues with the host stand. Taking names is a great practice. This is why every other restaurant does it. It works. your system does not. Also, you might think about taking orders while people are "waiting" this would greatly improve your "turn" time Train your managers to be attentive to what's going on in their restaurant. Tonight they failed on more than one occasion. Last but not least...your bathrooms are disgusting. Instead of standing around, laughing, and leaning up against walls your managers should be making sure every aspect of the restaurant is running like a will oiled machine. This includes having bus boys clean and restock the bathrooms. Your restroom shouldn't smell like a stop on the blue line subway!
