......Alright. First of all, we used to live in Connecticut and would often go to get New Haven pizza. ( Which btw, is the BEST place to go if you're looking to get some good pizza. ) So we were extremely excited when we heard that 'New Haven style pizza' existed in Chicago. There was a 45 minute wait to get a table, which wasn't a problem. But as soon as we sat down, we realized that this place reminded us of actual hell. I understand that you guys are trying to be Chicago's 'Barr pizza' but at least Barr has decent pizza. But if I could definitely pick out one similarity you guys have, (Barr from New Haven & Piece), you both definitely hire the dumbest staff members. Drunk people screaming, dumb slow waitress, people bumping into you when trying to eat a burning (burned) slice of pizza etc. Also the menu was so confusing and very un-new haven like. Plain, Red and White bullshit really confused us. Anyways, we ordered the large Margherita pie with garlic and it looked repulsive. All the diced tomatoes, cheeses were piled on top of a flat HARD burned crust like vomit. It was so wet that when I tried to take a slice, everything fell off. It was just a mess. The pizza wasn't bad. It certainly wasn't excellent. If we didn't get garlic on it, it would have been a pretty boring tasting pizza. Most importantly, the crust was so bad. I mean, as soon as we saw the crust, we knew it was baked in a gas oven. It was missing that new haven coal oven taste/texture/look. It was hard, dry and flat. Anyways, we were not impressed with this place. We didn't even finish the pizza and we certainly did not bring the left over home. I'm sure some people love the atmosphere here. But definitely not for us. The guy who was sitting next to me was so close to our table that the pizza tray was practically touching his double chin. And not to mention, why the HELL would I want to go back to a pizza place where they sell guacamole and nachos. SO tacky. I'm pretty sure we won't be going back here, ever. Oh and please invest in buying a 1. new sound system. 2. cleaning products. What a tacky place.
