Recoginzed as One of the 50 best Chinese restaurants in the U.S. The HYPE is real!! Lao Sze Chuan comes before me with all these 5 star Yelp reviews, word of mouth talk, and is recognized as one of the top 50 Chinese Restaurants in the U.S. by CNN. This place is such a tiny little spot that it's hard to imagine how it can accomodate the demand. There are so many great Chinese restaurants within steps of this place but it's still always packed. The interior is nice and the service is uber friendly. We came to a Sichuan restaurant...but didn't order spicy food. Shame. But we did enjoy every little morsel that we could pick up with our chopsticks. We ordered the Sole Filets, Three Cups Chicken, and the Szechuan Smoked Tea Duck (w/bone). The Sole filets were just incredible. How can I describe it to you? It was melt in your mouth chunks of fresh firm perfectly cooked fish filets with just the right amount of sauce and spice. You basically ate it until your mouth quivered (or your personal parts - whichever came first). The portion was large enough to feed a table, but the gf and I shared three dishes... The Three Cups Chicken is a specialty as well and it was just as amazing. The chicken is cooked perfectly where the outside is a bit charred but the inside was just tender and flaky. The chicken was sweet, maybe a bit too sweet, but that's just me being nitpicky. It comes with bone which I actually prefer and I really feel like everyone should try this dish. Now I don't want to end on a sour note, but I was a bit disappointed with the Szechuan Smoked Tea Duck. If you've read any of my other reviews, you'll begin to realize that I have a duck fetish that extends beyond acceptable levels. That being said...I didn't really enjoy this dish so much. I thought the duck was a bit overcooked. It was a bit dry and the flavor was a little bitter (most likely the combination of tea and the smoking method). The skin was crispy and the portion was large though. To say that the dish was disappointing but was still better than most Chinese restaurants I've ever been to, speaks volumes about this place. You'd be absolutely stupid for not coming here. Great food, great prices, great service, great ambiance, etc. I would eat the chopsticks if I could. **One day I hope to be rich enough to hire Tony Hu as my own personal chef. Until that day, I'll just keep going to Lao Sze Chuan.
