Let us begin by admitting I am an avid Iron Chef fan(yes...starting back with the original in Japan even before the American version came out......queue the poor dub over in a sing songy voice......"ooooohhh...it tastes like bubbles dancing on my tongue"). So with Mercat's chef, Jose Garces, having actually WON the most recent Iron Chef America, my expectations are high. This guy can cook, and this place should be something well north of special. The decor is very nice and hip. As you flow up the circular staircase you come into a room where the curved theme pleasantly continues. Tables, walls, walkways all having some curved elements.  High ceilings give the space a nice open feel. Bright colors and varying textures abound. You know immediately you are in a lively cool space. Just what one might expect from the restaurant of an Iron Chef. The only questionable concept is the abundance of mirror walls. Yup.....I did flash back a couple times to childhood memories of late 70s/early 80s at my friends house where the mirror wall was rockin' it out! They make it work here at Mercat somehow. On to service.....meh......what can I say? For the prices, I would expect pretty stellar service. It's not that our server wasn't attentive, but just a little off? ie....upon having just been sat down, our server hands us a menu and asks us if we want a drink. Yes...I'm being way too anal here.....but how in the world would we know what we want to drink when you literally just handed us this expansive drink menu? The other glitch on the service front was that we ordered the chef's selection, so we didn't have prior knowledge to what was coming to us. Differing servers would come by and deliver dishes to us. But they seemed to be so rushed and talked so fast, I literally will not be able to tell you exactly what we ate. It was kinda like some kinda of food delivery ninjas would sneak in, stun us with a lightning quick bitch slap smackdown of a dish and disappear off into the night before we realized what just happened. I think Remo Williams moved on to open up a culinary service college and they must have a job placement program with Mercat. Google that sh*t, you youngin's that have no idea who Remo is.  So let's cut to the food. This was clearly Mercat's strongest point. As I said, I can't tell you what we ate exactly as I couldn't see/understand the grasshopper U valedictorian that took the pebble and threw it in my eye, but with the chef selection, we received a huge variety of dishes and all were very tasty. They were inventive, fun, creative and always balanced nicely in flavor. The drinks were also really delicious with some sharp and interesting flavors.  Overall experience....maybe a little pricey, but the food is strong and we had an enjoyable dinner. 3 for service, 4 for food and decor, so we'll round em' up to 4. Now if I can only figure out how to hire someone from Remo U to clean my loft....
