After keeping up with all the hype surrounding the 'Top Chef Master,' Rick Bayless, and XOCO, I was certainly anxious to come give this place a try. I finally made it in around 4:15 on a Thursday afternoon, hoping to beat the rush yet prepared to wait. When we got here, there were a few other tables taken but for the most part, it was pretty quiet and there was no line.  We walked right up to the register, ordered the Choriqueso torta, cubana torta, chips and guacamole, two orders of churros, and soft drinks.  To sum it up briefly, the tortas were definitely the shining stars of our order. Both were completely different; the choriqueso being 'wood-fired' and the cubana from the griddle.  But to start from the very beginning, the chips are guac were fairly standard but nice to start with while anticipating our tortas. Heavy on the salt, just the way I like, however, a skimpy portion of guacamole in comparison to the basket of chips. Honestly, for four dollars I was expecting a bit more. When our tortas arrived after waiting about ten minutes, I had to stop myself from digging in before snapping a quick photo (one I am glad to have to remember it by). I am a big fan of chorizo, so I was curious to see how Bayless would serve it... Mmmmm... Just the way I like it. Ground up and underneath a bed of peppers, onions and jack cheese, served between a toasted, thick hunk of bread. I tried to only eat half so I could save some room for a churro and bring the rest home for the next day, but I simply could not just let it be. It was soo delicious, I don't know if I would able to come back and order something different!  I tried some of the Cubana torta, and in comparison to mine, it was not as flavorful. It was flatter and similar to a panini but definitely quite good. Yet, maybe I am just bias towards chorizo... To be honest, I was most excited about the churros. After reading RAVE reviews on them over the past few weeks, I was prepared for some cinnamon sugary heaven. Due to being stuffed from my torta and feeling sick because of a forgotten intolerance to guacamole, I decided to save the churro for later. Either that was a big mistake and I should had eaten it fresh out of the fryer or they simply are not that special, but it was just okay. I found myself saying that I had have better from Costco.  Considering we ordered the churros with our tortas when we got there and asked if we could pick them up when we were finished, we were disappointed that we had to wait almost twenty minutes for them after asking twice if they were ready. They seemed a bit unorganized but maybe it was just an awkward time of day for them.  Overall, definitely worth a trip! I have a feeling I will be back soon! I can't wait to try the hot chocolate!
