So we went to Chicago to find out what this deep dish/stuffed pizza is all about and this place was chosen... my my my.. OWTR!!!! Decoration: It's kinda like an old school pizzeria house on steroids kinda decor. Cool mesh of old Chicago with Modern amenities with a bar and dining room area focused around the massive pizza prep area and oven in the front of the house. Location: Not to far from most of Chicago's touristy areas, but close enough to not be a major pain in the neck. Traffic seems to hang out around here during the busy times. Food: So I wanted an hour to try this pizza and wow was I floored. It was damn good and damn filling! Something completely different than what I've ever had before and delicious! We had ours with Spinach, Mushrooms and Sausage topped with PLENTY of cheese and sauce. Padow!!! Price: A large pizza with toppings will run you just about $25 bucks - worth it for a group - psychotic for a couple. The small will definitely serve 3 people with a standard appetite. Staff: The girl at the counter: pleasant, friendly and quick. The host on the mic calling out tables, straight forward and clear. The waitress was polite and timely. The fact that they took forever to get our table, messed up the number of seats and took 15 minutes to take our drink order will be blamed on the manager. Ambience and Crowd: Take people from a metropolitan area with suburbs, add some foreigners, a few out-of-towners and toss them into a room and that pretty much sums this place up. From kids to grandmas, we're all here. It is very confusing when you get there at first - you have to go to the right, by the bar to place your order for your pizza BEFORE you get a table so that the pizza can cook, which is something most aren't used to - all other orders, like appetizers, are placed at the table and well - it just seems like quite the assembly for dinner! Drinks: They serve a decent bar and have three beers on tap - good local beers that I haven't seen anywhere else. Full order of bottled beer and the famous brands of hard liquor. Overall: Very cool place that is fun for that 'once in a lifetime' or 'special occassion' kinda treat. I'd go here more often if 1) I lived in Chicago, 2) The wait wasn't so freaking long 3) Pizza wouldn't turn me into a lard lizard. Pros: AWESOME Pizza Cool ambiance Fun decor Good for a treat Very filling meal Cons: The ghastly wait time Service is so-so with handling surprises H-Cane Final Spin: Now check it - if you come to Chicago looking for New York thin crust - get back on the dang plane. If you want an experience of a completely new different twist on how to serve bread, sauce, cheese and toppings - absolutely try this place. We wen through a lot of review and arguments to choose this place and it is hands down an excellent experience. Do not come here if you simply want a slice - unless you are a masochist.
