I was in Chicago for about three days and ended up at the Chicago Diner twice for dinner (and wished I'd been able to go again). I'd been hearing about this place for years from midwestern vegan friends but hadn't experienced it myself -- UNTIL NOW. And I am so glad I did. My girlfriend and I made the Chicago Diner practically our first stop off the plane from New York. We were starving after a long day of travel and definitely suffered from a serious case of eyes-bigger-than-stomach: after a chocolate mint milkshake, a seitan Reuben, and a soul bowl (quinoa, blackened tofu, sweet potatoes, and kale), we felt like we might have exploded. The milkshake was probably the best milkshake I have ever had in my life, vegan or otherwise, and there was enough food to make a full meal the following day. We were a little disappointed in the quinoa -- it managed to somehow be both burnt and undercooked -- but the amazing sandwich more than made up for it. We also snagged a piece of pineapple coconut cake to bring home, which was delicious, if a little too dense. It took us about three sittings to finish the whole thing. We couldn't stop thinking or talking about the Chicago Diner, so we ended up there again for dinner the next day. (EMBARRASSING: the host said, "welcome back!" when we walked in the door. We are well on our way to becoming regulars, despite not actually living in this city.) Having not learned our lesson at all the first time, we started again with a milkshake and an appetizer (the seitan Buffalo wings: nothing to write home about, but a tasty snack nonetheless) and were barely able to lift our entrees to our mouths. I ordered the karma burger, a curried tofu and sweet potato patty with a mango-coconut chutney, which I found to be tasty but a little bit boring. My lady ordered the Titanic BLT, which was huge and overstuffed and pretty delicious, but the vegan bacon and the fried onions were a little soggy, so the whole thing had kind of a mushy texture. Again, we could not finish everything on our plates, and again, we were wondering how we could have possibly ordered so much food. Despite the minor flaws with our meals, we were definitely impressed and happy with our experiences overall. Servers were wonderful all around, food arrived promptly, and I loved the diner-style ambiance. And OH MY GOD THOSE MILKSHAKES. Run, do not walk. You'll want to get there that much faster (and burn those calories in advance of chugging one of those five-scoop food babies).
