Well, well, well Mr Bayless although it was wonderful to see you...happily posing for pictures and looking well I have to say I was not impressed!My Fiance and I are regulars at Frontera Grill, the waiters know our names! So of course when I read about Xoco I was highly enthusiastic and eager to get there immediately! We visited Saturday, their first since opening. The line was not as long as we'd anticipated...two blocks I'd read in some earlier reviews! We were told the wait would be about 40 minutes by an employee. A diner leaving told us we'd be waiting an hour, she was right! What I didn't read in the reviews before going was that the line also snakes around inside which took a further 25 minutes!I decided on the Cubana tortas until a member of staff informed those behind us it's really spicy so I settled on the Xoco salad. My partner choose the Gunthorp Chicken and Ahogada tortas. I also choose the churros as I'd never tried them, the Almendrado drink and choc/hazlenut cookie. You place your order, pay, receive a table number then seat yourself. (Any pastries are also given to you at this point) I knew it was going to be small but seriously unless you get a table by the front entrance then you have to eat off a 10 inch width of wood...yeh..not comfortable!My hot drink was brought over by a server, I regularly drink Almond milk in milkshakes so was looking forward to a sweet, smooth, creamy hot chocolate. I took three sips and left the rest. (not like me AT ALL)It was thick, clumpy, bitter, not enjoyable at all! My salad arrived. The pickled red onions...horrible. Chicken...really fatty tasting, sinewy and all dark meat. I thought 'fine I'll push the meat to the side and eat the salad leaves,' I couldn't even enjoy that. There was so much lime dressing on there, my salad leaves were sodden and tasted far too tart. The beans, I managed to find were..well they were beans! Not enough tortilla threads on there either. The only thing I enjoyed was my cookie and water. As your lining up you watch them bring the pastries out of the oven. The cookie was delicious although not enough nuts, too many choc chunks! I tried Churros for the first time...blah blah nah! Grease dripped on my silk dress, along with the copious amount of sugar. I was expecting them to be slightly more doughier not rods of crispy fried fat..which is what they were!My partner enjoyed his Ahogada, you can choose how spicy you have this. The broth was very tasty and the pork was really nice. The pork seemed to be a hit with many others whilst we were there. He didn't enjoy his Gunthorp Chicken and also commented on the fatty taste of the free range chicken. He said there wasn't nearly enough meat on the sandwich. The Sourdough bread was hollowed out which meant there was plenty of room for filling...so where was it? For those that have a sensitive roof (mouth) this bread is not a good idea.Overall we were both really, really disappointed and left there feeling sad, hungry and upset because we felt that we'd wasted $50. After so much hype, we felt Xoco doesn't live up to all the starred reviews on here. Whilst we are more than happy to get our regular spot at Frontera we shall certainly be in no rush to return here!
