For years, I've been hearing rave reviews from friends about the Publican brunch. I finally made it over to this third West Loop institution of Paul Kahan's a few weekends ago to check out the menu for myself. I was not disappointed. Luckily, I went with a friend who could pull her weight for sharing plates, so we got to try a good portion of the menu. The chef's selection of oysters was marvelous. Preparation was spot on and we got a good variety of quality from all over Canada and New England. A ricotta bread with apples, mint and honey was dense with flavor, yet still springy in texture so as not to completely weigh down our bellies before we got to the rest of our food. The steak with fried egg, ramps, fingerling potatoes and romesco sauce was amazing. As was the chorizo flatbread with cumin raita, onion, cucumber. All of these dishes were well-proportioned and the relatively unusual ingredients for your typical brunch were impressively harmonious in each plate. The Publican maple-syrup-braised bacon deserves its own separate ode - savory, salty, fatty and crispy pork belly is always good, but the quality of the meat (and maybe the braising in maple syrup) made it something extra special. Hash browns were pretty standard. I liked that they had some exclusive options from Rare Tea Cellars and I tried the Pue-rh, which was awesome. Still though, the bill kind of killed our wallets, which is probably why I haven't made it over here until now, and won't likely be in for a while. We loved the patio seating. We also loved the fact that it was nice enough to sit outside and enjoy the patio seating, but that's more a Chicago thing than a Publican thing. Decor inside looked cute as expected, but the room was pretty noisy. Outside was much more conducive to a mellow morning conversation and meal. Note: Publican Quality Meats is just right across the street, so you can have brunch and still get some fancy grocery shopping done all in a weekend morning's work. I know I did...
