Fanflippintabulous!! Your new word for the day. Put it to good use. Paul Kahan, will you marry me? No, really... will you? Consider this... You. Me. Feeding each other oysters. Munching on pork rinds. Pouring that fabulous Barley wine on one another. And then sexing all night in one of those naughty playpen booths of yours... Too graphic? So I've been told. Just make me another round of Serrano Ham & Goat Butter then, I'm yours. I've heard split reviews on The Publican and I'm not sure why... this was easily one of the most fun, adventurous and tasty experiences I've had with Chicago cuisine this year thus far. Granted, I can see how sweetbreads, blood sausage and beef heart may not be your thang... but even the more simple dishes like farm chicken with summer sausage or pork country ribs with polenta bring enough pizazz to the show to impress even the most down home of palates. Dcor is fun and certainly different - not like anything else we have in town... from the big 'barroom' atmosphere, to the long communal table, to lovely modern touches, to the bar with copious brew of the most unique variety, to the pig pen booths that close you in all fort-like... this joint is happening! Popping with life, The Publican is loud, vibrant and has the staff to match! Everyone was so welcoming, friendly, and most importantly, knowledgeable. From our beer gal (more Frambozenbier please) to our server - who we let select our menu for us - everything was on point. Can I highly recommend a few things... Do NOT miss the Oysters... we did a hand selection of 2 dozen and each one was more amazing and succulent than the next. A great follow up would be a little cup of those spicy cracklin' pork rinds, some salty prosciutto, serrano ham and cheese, a charcuterie platter (this one gets adventurous) and the sweetbreads. Yes, sweetbreads... crispy, sweet, buttery, fabulous! Just pretend it's not what it actually is and go.to.town. Entre favs were the porchetta (a fabulous pork belly roast) and the seared salmon with bacon... All cooked perfectly and served with the very best ingredient, tlc. Loved it! Wanna do dessert? One word: Waffle with pear and honey butter. Ok, so that was 6 words... all you need to know is that it was to die for and the perfect end to an already sumptuous and decadent feast. Can you tell we loved it? That I love it... That I love you, Paul? Yep, that proposal? The offer still stands.
