I have no idea how this restaurant has any 4 and 5 star reviews. I just had one of the most infuriating experiences I've ever had as a diner there. For me, good service is intrinsic to the dining experience. A restaurant can have average food and fantastic service and I will surely go back. A restaurant can have excellent food and bad service and I most likely won't go back. Grand Luxe has average food and horrible service, you couldn't pay me to eat there again. It took our server about 10 minutes to greet us, using the whole "have you dined with us before?" spiel. I felt like saying "spare me the lesson about your food, I've been sitting her for 10 minutes, I know what I want." We ordered 2 coffees, a kids French Toast, 2 items off the brunch menu and beignets. It took 5 minutes to get our coffee and the mugs were dirty. I was getting really anxious around the 20 minute mark about where our food was. When it came I realized what the hold up was. It had sitting under a heat lamp for the last 10 minutes. Much to my dismay my plate was half covered by an omelette (topped with willed garnish) the other half completely empty except for grease that had seeped out during it's stay under the heat lamps. The plate itself was boiling lava hot. My boyfriends breakfast, which was under the same heading as mine, included toast and hashbrowns, mine did not. Since when does an omelette not come with anything on the side?! And why would the server not tell me this? The menu doesn't indicate everything is a la carte. Our meals are dropped off by a food runner who promptly walks away leaving us with empty coffee cups, no syrup, no ketchup and no begniets, etc. We don't see our server for another 5 minutes or so. I could go on and on because this process kept repeating itself. Just a few more quick things-breakfast took an hour and 45 minutes (absurd), our coffee was only refilled once and our beignets weren't served until 20 mins after we finished our meals. Okay, I'm done venting!
