I STRONGLY URGE THAT YOU DO NOT THROW YOUR MONEY AWAY BY EATING AT THIS RESTAURANT!!!      But I digress, I love the food, but something very terrible happened to my girlfriend and I just the other day when we went to The Pasta Bowl for dinner. Here's how it went down. We walked in, were handed menus' and took our seats. 20 minutes later our waitress finally decided to come by and take our order. She asked if we wanted any drinks and we told her we were all ready to place our order (STOP! RIGHT HERE IS WHERE A PROPER WAITRESS WOULD'VE STOPPED US AND SAID "Let me just tell you about our specials first.").      So we placed our order and she walked away, a few minutes later we both realized to our disappointment that our waitress never told us what the specials were (there specials are usually very good). Around the same time, coincidentally, my girlfriend notice a little pamphlet somewhere in the midst of the drink specials menu stating (what seemed like) a sincere thank you letter to all the patrons of The Pasta Bowl over the last 13 or so years, and as a thank you to us it was stated in writing that if your server fails to tell you the specials at the beginning of your meal then desert is free. We told our waitress this and she replied, "Dessert is on me." We were both so happy about the free dessert and weren't upset at all anymore by the fact that we missed our chance to get the special. Then about three minutes later she came back and said, "It doesn't count because she didn't have a chance to tell us the specials because we knew what we wanted when she came over." (Keep in mind the fact that we had forgotten about the existence of the specials, we might have remembered if we didn't have to wait twenty minutes to order. Either way it's still her job to tell us what the specials are, after all, it says in writing that they have too, there were no stipulations written pertaining to the chances of telling us).     Anyways, I could care less about a two dollar dessert. But when it comes to business I'm a stickler for ethics, and this was completely unethical and a lie. That's why they lost this customer.
