Last night I had one of the best meals of my life here at Longman and Eagle. We stopped in around 6 and expected a wait, yup 2 hours for a table... and the bar was packed; so we headed down the street to another Logan Square gem... no, I'm not telling you where because I dont want to have to wait 2 hours to get seated there too... After a few drinks/ hours we walked back to L&E and were seated right away, perfect timing. On a busy Saturday night the back room is where you want to be, its not as loud and you dont have staff/ other diners dancing around you to get where they want to be. We salivated over the menu for a hot minute and decided to just order everything on the small plate menu, well... just about everything.  Our food came in a few rounds, the first of which was a little overbearing, three dishes at once? I guess we can handle that. First was the Foie gras,the smoothest and richest I have ever had, then the veal heart with chanterelles, it was woodsy and buttery... delicious, dont be afraid when dining at L&E. The last plate in this round was a parfait of huge lobster chunks with a red wine and bacon sauce we fought over this one... it was that good. Round two consisted of a few more drinks and sweetbreads, I have never had sweetbreads before and now that I have I suggest everyone try these nuggets of rich flavor. And finally the dish we had been waiting for... bone marrow topped with an onion salsa. We could have just ordered six of these and been happy, the marrow is succulent and I want it in my butter dish at home to slather on toast every day. After the marrow, not quite full enough we nibbled on some frogs legs and enjoyed the banana toffee and ginger custard, our waiter was right on this one...ahhhhmazing. Both of us were awestruck by the wonderful meal and the service was quick and non-intrusive.  As a resident of Logan Square I am proud to have L&E in my neighborhood, I still think that garners some kind of reward like no wait seating...hint hint. We will be back again for that bone marrow, and sweetbreads, and lobster, the veal heart and the foie gras... we will be back for everything its just that good. p.s. $2 PBR, keep it classy
