I have never written a review before and signed up just to write this one. The service here was TERRIBLE. I have never experienced such horrible service in my life. The staff was also rude.Here's what happened: We showed up at 6:30 last night (a Thursday!), and the restaurant was packed. No worries, we expected that. The hostess told us that our party of four would be seated within a half hour, so we found a place at the bar and each had a glass of wine. A half hour rolls by, and I always get nervous about these things, so I went back up to the hostess and pointed out my boyfriend (who is very tall and noticeable) and said, that is Dave, who the reservation is under, we are standing at the bar right there, so that you can find us. She says, Great! You are next. So I settle back in at the bar. More time passes, and we are still waiting, so we decide to just go ahead and order the bottle of wine we planned to have with dinner and to start it at the bar. I get nervous again so I send over Dave to check on our status. Once again, he tells the hostess where we are standing and asks about the status. She says, a table is going to open up any minute. You are next. So we continue to be patient and keep drinking our wine at the bar. At one point, one of the hostesses comes over to us, and my boyfriend says, are you looking for Dave? and the hostess says, are you a party of 3? and Dave says No, we are a party of four. Yet another half hour passes, so we send someone over again. At this point, we are informed that we lost our table because quote unquote We could not find you. By then we are so frustrated and starved (and drunk) that we just leave. On the way out the door, one of the members of our party expresses our frustration to the manager, and the hostess says, Well we looked all over and could not find you. It is not my fault. I'm sorry, you couldnt find the 6'3 guy at the bar, 10 ft from the hostess stand, who we pointed out multiple times? And then to be non-apologetic when you screw up, and blame it on the customer? They didn't even offer to pick up our bar tab. Unbelievable. Never going here again. Even Applebees has figured out a pager system. Give me a break.
