"This place reminds me of New Orleans." Before I came to dinner, I read that Le Colonial was "Chicago's noted up-scale French-Vietnamese restaurant which vividly recaptures the beauty, romance and spirit of French colonial Southeast Asia from the 1920s." Apart from the waiters who were appropriately dressed, nothing about the place in terms of the interiors screamed "French" or "Vietnamese". It was very old-fashioned and it did make me crave for some cajun food. Alas, I was not here for that. Still, I was a but curious to try some new flavors since French and Vietnamese were two types of food that I had yet to try together. I went with a group of seven women (thank god they all refrained from girl talk for most of the evening!). The group was served a unique tasting menu as follows: Cha Gio (spring rolls w/pork, shrimp and mushrooms served with sauce), Bo Bia (salad rolls w/carrots, jicama, bean sprouts, egg, peanuts served with sauce) and Banh Cuon (Vietnamese Ravioli w/chicken and mushrooms served with sauce). Both rolls were very good; the ravioli didn't have enough taste to me.  The entrees we had were Mi Xao Don Chay (Stir fry veggies w/tofu over egg noodles and sauce), Bo Sate (filet mignon w/sate spice, yams and string beans), Ca Nuong (salmon over noodles w/dill, greens, and sauce) and Ga Xao Cari (chicken w/ eggplant, mango, yams, beans, nuts and curry sauce). I thought three of the four entrees were excellent; they all had a flavorful mix of ingredients and tasted really good. I thought only the Don Chay was ok. For dessert, we had coconut macaroons w/ vanilla ice cream on top. YUM. I sort of felt guilty that I didn't go for thirds because there was a lot of portions left. With a table full of women, you know they all are going to force the guy to finish it! Ah well, it was not to be. I also ordered a mekong sunset, which was mainly vodka, ginger tea, and club soda. Not bad, considering it came off of their low-cal cocktail menu. Thank goodness I also wasn't in proximity to any men or else I would have had my man card revoked for drinking a girly cocktail. Service was good, although when the group decided to divide the cocktail bill individually, the waiter gave us a bit of attitude. Overall, I was expecting to go to a french/vietnamese restaurant that served a mix of both of those types of cuisine. I'd categorize my experience as going more to a vietnamese restaurant. It's only french by it's name. I don't think you should claim to be a french restaurant if you don't serve that type of cuisine. Although the food was very good, I'd probably recommend this place only if you happen to be in the neighborhood.
