A gorgeous setting to a disappointing dining experience. This colossal restaurant is beautifully designed. It reminds me of a modern ski lodge, I am pretty sure I even walked by some chairs next to a fire place that were made out of animal fur. However, the decor was the only aspect of the dining experience that impressed me. We started off in the bar for cocktails. The bartender was very friendly and he made me a refreshing cucumber-sage martini that was good but tasted more like juice than a martini. Once we finished our first round of beverages we were led to our table for dinner. For dinner I decided to order a wine flight entitled "The Big, Bold and Beautiful", I would not use any of the aforementioned adjectives to describe the wine I was served; very dissappointing. The "harvest tables" as they call them boasted all kinds of salads, soups and cheeses to accompany the meat selections that are brought around and served to you at your table. I started at the "antipasto table", as I labeled it, which was full of sliced meats, cheeses and grilled vegetables. This table was probably the highlight of the meal, I wish I would have just stopped here. The other harvest tables were stocked with all kinds of salads that sounded delicious, but everything seemed a little wilted and sad; call me "crazy" but I like my cold food to be cold.... Since I do not eat red meat we ordered a seafood dinner for the table, which looked very pretty but I did not feel as though the seafood was the highest quality. I was also not impressed with the fish and chicken options that they brought around and served throughout dinner, the fish was a little overcooked and the chicken was nothing spectacular.  The highlight of my dining experience here was the dessert. Bread pudding is one of my favorites and this place had a butterscotch bread pudding that was marvelous. Summation: Maybe worth a trip to the bar for a drink or two, but dinner is not worth the $$ and the caloric intake would be better spent somewhere else....
