I told my fiance if we are to return to this establishment, he needs to buy some cooler/not really trying to be cool plastic glasses and a big puffy scarf not adorned for the Chicago weather but for pretending not to try. I like a bar I can wear my pajamas to or jeans and a t shirt and not fear judgment. Sure, it's fun to get snazzed up every once in awhile. There are a lot of awful places I despise going to because it's a Coach purse parade, but at least those people KNOW and ADMIT they are trying very hard to acheive a certain appearance. The general crowd on the night I was at Hopleaf reminded me of my former music theater self and were obviously checking out my hooded sweatshirt. Maybe they are sick and tired of people coming and ruining their favorite spot, and I understand that. The patrons looked very smart and sophisticated though and I leaned closer to hear whatever book or indie movie they were discussing, but the girl with the bleached blond faux-hawk and leopard print shirt was discussing, "how drunk" she was the night before and how she "puked on every surface of her apartment." I was kind of disapointed. But look, I gave it three stars and that's because of the great room upstairs--far less crowded and composed of mostly people waiting to be seated. I like how in the upstairs bar, beer isn't served so that there is less change of table monopoly. I hear the food is great, and I love belgian beer. I'd tell you what I had, but the were retrieved for me by a friend or two who had to go downstairs to pay with a credit card. I know it's not too original but I liked the Framboise Lambic. It was super sweet though and I couldn't have more than one. It was a dangerous drink though because it tasted like juice and I probably could've gotten easily drunk off it. I think I would've enjoyed the place more if I was a bit more tipsy and not as annoyed by the crunched crowd. But we went for a friend's birthday who is a belgian beer fanatic. I really enjoy going out in Andersonville and Uptown but in the winter, it's just unbearable to walk to from the red line. I'll go back when it's nice enough out that my nose doesn't freeze walking from the cta to the bar. tip: if you're going to just to drink, head upstairs for more room and a bit quieter environment for actual conversation. The beer selection isn't as big up there, but you can always buy from downstairs and head upstairs.
