We dined at Mastros on Saturday for my fiancee's birthday. I made the reservation in early January (5 weeks in advance) and specifically requested our favorite servers section because of the special occassion. We arrived about 5 minutes before 8 for our 8pm reservation. When we checked in, we were informed that our table would be ready closer to 8pm and we could have a seat in the bar. After waiting in the bar for 30 minutes, I inquired why we had not been seated yet. They responded that they were very sorry and we should be seated shortly. After another 15 minutes I returned to the check in stand where they said they were sorry but our table would be ready in a short time. After waiting for over 45 minutes past our check in time, they finally came to get us to seat us. They attempted to seat us in the bar area! When I told them that was unacceptable, they found another table right next to the door to the kitchen. Needless to say we were not thrilled. The hostess also told us they would "make up for our wait up at the table". Once we were finally seated, we got good service and the food was great as usual. They also brought out a brithday cake for my fiancee and a free piece of chocolate cake. They provided this complementary, even though we did not order either item. I guess that was their version of making it up to us at the table after making us wait 45 minutes past out reservation time and seating us at one of the worst tables in the restaurant. After our meal, I asked our waiter to speak to a manager about the issues we had getting seated. A manager finally came over after 20 minutes while we sat at an empty table waiting for our check. While the manager did apologize, he actaully seemed more annoyed and tried to play it off that it was not their fault that we were seated 45 minutes past our reservation, that they were just unusually busy that evening. Mastros went from being one of our favorite special occassion restaurants to a restaurant that we will specifically avoid in the future! There are a lot of great steakhouses in Chicago and this one just fell off my list of them.
