Fondue is fun when dining out with a group and I find that it always makes for good conversation. The Chicago Tribune named Gejas Cafe the Best Fondue Place in Chicago and since I walk past it every single day I decided to gather up a crew and give it a whirl. To people who have never gone the fondue route before, be prepared to drop some dough. If you add in alcohol, tax and gratuity to your meal, it comes to around $80/per person. It's really an experience like no other and I think everyone should try fondue dining at least once and Gejas is the perfect place. Lets just start with the ambiance of Gejas. It's almost like you are walking into a romantic cave when you open the doors. It's dimly lit with candles on the walls and tables, live music was playing softly in the background from a man with his Flamenco guitar. They have these beautiful curtained booths which are perfect for dates and their little bar is tucked in the back. I wouldn't mind coming in for a glass of wine sometime. It's such a charming little place with a lot of character. I had a group of 5 people and we were sat at a larger table in the middle. We were approached right away by a very friendly waiter who took our drink orders and shorty after that, the wine began to flow. The menu has several options that come out in different courses. Every premier dinner that you order comes with a cheese-fondue appetizer, salad, an assortment of fresh vegetables, eight of their classic dipping sauces, and a flaming chocolate dessert fondue (yum!) I chose The Connoisseur which is aged beef tenderloin, jumbo Gulf shrimp, and succulent lobster tail and it will run you $48.95 per person. The meat was wonderful and the lobster just melts in your mouth. They have so many different dipping sauces and it's so fun just to try out all the different combos. Everything was so wonderful, I loved dipping the strawberries in chocolate at the end. What a treat. Overall I had a great time with friends while eating great food and drinking fine wine. I will be back.
