We got to Hopleaf around 6 PM on Saturday and were lucky enough to get one of the last tables available in the bar area. The place was packed, with all the few wooden booths taken up along with the wall. However, food apparently is not served out in the bar area so we had to get in line to put our names on the waiting list for the dining area. We were told the wait was between 35-45 minutes. While we waited for one more in our party, drinks were ordered. The environment seemed pretty fun, a mix of patrons at this place, ranging from young hipsters to older, Europeans. The small wooden tables were very close together and it was quite dark. It was rather quaint, and it did feel like a bar one might find in Belgium, complete with an intricate, tin roof. The bar looked to be fully stocked with impressive amounts of unique beer. I was amused by the different shapes and sizes of the beers being consumed all around; a woman drank a beer out of what looked like one of those round-bottom chemistry flasks complete with a wooden holder, while others sipped from big beer mugs and some from miniature wine glasses. You actually had to go up to the bar to order drinks, but despite the crowd, it didn't take too long to get a drink. After almost an hour, we were summoned back to the dining area where we were seated at large, wooden table next to the fire place. The brick interior was very inviting and the metal, tiled ceiling was pretty neat too - giving this part of the bar a much more warm, modern feel. There were also sky lights up above and we could look out and see what appeared to be a nice patio dining area (which would have been nice to eat at were it not 60 degrees in the middle of summer!). We got our menus and two things caught my eye: (1) very few (and bizarre) food choices and (2) expensive given the venue. I kept re-reading the menu, as if I stared at it long enough something a little more bar-food like would appear, but to no avail. This food seemed fit for a Viking, not a boring, picky eater like me. I was happy to see something familiar, so I ordered the onion rings as an appetizer for us to share, but I was in for a surprise. These should be more accurately named onion 'strings'. The strings were very greasy and brittle; it made for some messy eating. They were served with a side of spicy mustard, but trying to dip the brittle pieces into this didn't work. Numerous times we asked ourselves if there was a "proper" way to eat these things. I was not feeling brave enough to order any of the mussels or the rabbit stew, so I went for what looked safest on the menu and ordered the Montreal-style Brisket sandwich on rye with the "frites". Our meals finally arrived after a long wait, and at this point I was starving. I took a bite of the sandwich and it immediately fell apart, so I resorted to eating the brisket with a fork. Parts of the brisket were very fatty and the flavor was pretty bland; I didn't taste any of this so called "Montreal rub" that was supposed to flavor this. Some parts of the meat looked undercooked in some areas too which made me not want to eat it at all. The bread was also pretty stale. Fortunately others at the table didn't mind this and ate my leftovers. The fries were very good- thin and crispy- but there was apparently no ketchup at this place! I guess this is a good thing for the 'purists' out there, but it just made my meal a little more dreadful. At least I had about 5 times the recommended serving size of fries on my plate, so I got pretty full of those. At this point though I wasn't very happy that I'd basically paid $12 for an order of fries with no ketchup. I really think food is an afterthought at this place, so I'll chalk my bad food experience up to that since I think first and foremost this place is a BAR. The ambiance was fun and seems like it would be a neat place to hang out for some drinks, but I will definitely not be heading back here to eat anytime soon. The egregious wait time, coupled with the limited, strange, and bland food definitely makes me not a fan.
