Well, what do you know? The second meal here would be deep dish once again! Can't get enough of it, I guess? This place has quite a different feel from Gino's. It was more brightly lit and there was no graffiti. There was plenty of seating, so we were at our table right away. I think I was more hungry, so I felt prepared to finish the pizza this time around. We ordered a small instead because we learned our lesson the night before. Sausage topping again. Don't know why. I guess we wanted to try crumbled. We also ordered garlic bread to help with the wait. The bread was not bad, the sauce was okay. It wasn't as good as Gino's sauce. The pizza actually came a little quicker this time. The pizza was slightly different from Gino's. I think it's more cheesy, which I wouldn't consider a bad thing. So a small pizza shouldn't be a problem! ...So I'm on the second slice and it's not as bad as last time, but I knew I did not want the 3rd slice at the time. Geez, we should've gotten individual size or something! I personally think I can eat quite a lot, but maybe I didn't have a big appetite while in Chicago. I guess I do tend to get sick whenever I travel. I do recall I had a couple stomach aches at the beginning of the trip. Anyway, the third slice was eaten the same way as the third slice from Gino's. Ewwwwwwww. My 2 deep dish experiences in Chicago weren't that great, unfortunately. I honestly do love deep dish pizza though. The first slice feelings were great, with the pie-like texture, meat(!), thick crust, etc. But they also came with the second and third slice feelings. The difference is that I never had to deal with those second and third slicers in SF. I actually had 4 slices at Little Star in SF. It was great and I would've gone for another slice but we finished it all! If there is ever a next time, I'll definitely come more prepared: big appetite, patience, something other than sausage. I can then get a true impression of how Chicago-style pizza really is compared to what I've had over the years. But for now, I'll give them an A-OK.
