After approaching Zed to organize a charity event for 200-300 people one of the managers set up a meeting with the regional manager Tim to discuss the details of what we would like to set up. I had a bad feeling about the meeting when the manager didn't even bother to come up to meet with us for 20 minutes after the meeting was scheduled to begin. The event we were organizing was to benefit under privileged youth of the west side of Chicago sponsored by 4 of the most notable tech firms in the world. During the meeting Tim mentioned that they had recently totally screwed up an event for one of these very companies and thought that our event would be a way to make up for that. During the discussion we gave various dates that would work for us and what we were looking for from Zed. After the meeting we agreed on action items for both sides and timeline expectations for a preliminary proposal on the cost of the event I had asked for. We met on a Tuesday and expected a base proposal for Friday. Being that we had to print collateral with the date of the event scheduling a locale was very important. Friday came along and nothing, not even a response to a follow up email. I spent the next 4 days trying to get in touch with Zed to no avail. I finally got en email from the other manager telling us they wanted a minimum of $35,000 to book the event. I finally got an email from the manager Tim after all this stating that he didn't get back to me because the weekend I was expecting to hear back from him was Mother's Day weekend and he was busy. I suppose that would be to be expected if he hadn't set up the expectation to get back to us in the first place. It clearly shows poor time management and a lack of respect for customers.The kicker and reason for me to write this bad review is that I recently, months later, ran into the manager that set up the initial meeting to schedule an event at Zed. When talking to him he mentioned he no longer worked for Zed and told me that the manager Tim flat out told him he was going to price the event so expensive that we couldn't afford it. He also told me that the dates we requested had nothing booked and were totally available.So when you put all the pieces together you have an organization that admits to putting on poor events, doesn't value a $20,000 budget and has no respect for the time of the customers they claim to serve. Fortunately for me other very well known establishments in Chicago that value our money, time and cause have volunteered to not only host our fundraisers but do them for significantly less money than Zed so we can give more back to the kids...
