if i rated for chef creativity, food presentation and service, this would get as many stars as possible. but i write about the whole experience and 3 stars was the impression i left with. first of all, i don't think a 20-course menu should be offered. if i can finish watching avatard and schindler's list in the time it took to eat this meal, dinner is too long. everyone at our table took like 3 bathroom breaks. we clocked 5'45" and were itching to get out for the last 3 hrs. i don't think anything i ate made me think staying so long was worth the wait.  i think a lot of it is quite kitschy, like a disney world of dining. there's a lot of drama in the presentation like having the customer or staff assemble things, funky serving contraptions. obviously a lot of thought and creativity goes into creating the dishes. extracting flavors in different ways (one dish was a liquid drink version of thai chili, lemongrass, and fish sauce), presenting food in unconventional forms (lots of gelees, one that sticks out in my mind was foie gras pressed thru chinoise so it was little pellets). playing up to sensory appeal, like having a bowl of juniper stems with a goose mcnugget skewered at the end of one (so the diner enjoys the juniper aroma), or the pillow filled with early grey tea so the aroma releases after the plate is placed on top. it's cool and all but does my food taste better? i think a lot of the dishes have too much going on but some of them do hash the flavors together very nicely. i think my favorite dish may have been sturgeon dressed with smoked apple sheet and fluid gel smoke. when it came out i had no idea what was going on on the plate but then i just started scooping stuff up and it was tasty. a couple items made with alcohol were completely too strong. mid-meal was a passion fruit rum, chartreuse sugar cube and kumquat sazerac. they told us each item got stronger but i think i got instant drunk on the kumquat. i was also a little disappointed by the last course of the day, an eggnog nugget. i almost threw up when i ate it and would have preferred something light and less toxic to end. the 2nd to last dessert, the table was covered in silicone sheets and the chef came out and did table art for a few minutes with chocolate sauce, menthol creme, coconut mousse, chewy coconut chunks, choco mousse frozen in liquid nitrogen, and other edible embellishments. it was pretty to watch but after 5.5 hrs, we just kinda wanted to leave. like any of the other top restaurants nationwide, this is worth a visit. there are a lot of interesting things done with the food--but remember when the volcano onion at benihana was cool? i feel like the food might seem better because we're told it's manipulated this way and that. i would possibly go back if there was a 3 or 5-course tasting. random tidbit, alinea is the editing symbol for a new paragraph. the start of a new thought. the logo for the restaurant is the old school symbol for alinea.
