Alinea was probably the most memorable culinary experience I've had. Probably not the greatest, but definitely the most exciting. I'm definitely not the type who usually spends this kind of money on a meal, so I had high expectations, but I would say that Alinea delivered. I've never had food where the total experience of eating was as well considered and nuanced.  As an architect I wish the fairly bland and corporate architecture of the space (despite the funny perspective of the entry hall and the nicely detailed staircase) reflected more of the playful, alien feel I identified in the food. I felt like I should have been eating in something that looked like a felopian tube. I wouldn't normally critique a restaurant on its architecture as some of the meals I've liked the best were served in buildings or strip malls only a few steps up from cardboard shacks, but Alinea isn't a "normal" restaurant. I suppose they wanted to focus the attention on the food though. That said, the experience of the actual food was ambitiously intended to be experienced with all five senses, and ultimately succeeded in delighting most of them. They were also extremely conscientious about dietary restrictions, which actually surprised me in meals that involved so much prep work. Two of the six us at the table don't eat land animals, and got substitutions of Japanese sea fish or lobster in dishes typically of beef etc.  Unlike other reviewers, I felt that occasionally the meal did slip into ridiculous and goofy territory, but it didn't detract from my enjoyment of it. And I don't know if it's middle class guilt around service, but the attentiveness of the servers was somewhat creepy for me, though I'm sure most of their clients are used to it. By the end of the over four hour meal I wished there was an "opt-out" clause in my culinary contract so I could push in my own chair and not have to get a new napkin every time I went to the bathroom (which was a LOT since I drink a lot of water, haha). One of my later bathroom trips I jokingly attempted to fold my napkin so it would look new and the server would see it and think one of his coworkers had already given me a new napkin, but my friends said he came over, saw my napkin, laughed out loud, and put down a new one.  The creepy attentiveness of the servers was offset by their friendliness, accessibility, and knowledge of the food. And I think they liked us or could tell we were only barely out of college and couldn't really afford it, because they ended up not charging us for one of the six set menus! That saved us like $200! That's major points in my book, though I suppose that could be common practice. Also, midway through the meal my eating buddy told me that when she ate at Per Se they charged $10 per teeny bottle of sparkling water, and since I had been guzzling it (you get thirsty over four hours of eating food chock full of weird salty foams and dehydrating chemicals!), I was terrified that my own water bill would be like $100+, but I think it was just like $8 or $10 per person. What a relief, ha ha.  Overall, a fantastic experience and one I'd repeat; if you're buying, anyway. Ha.
