Of all the Steakhouse's I have been to in Chicago Mastro's had the highest expectations of them all. I reserved a table for my 1 year anniversary today expecting the an exquisite experience. I'll start on a positive note. The service and atmosphere was fantastic. We were seated in a private room upstairs with 3 other tables that I'm assuming were celebrating an occasion, or just had enough money to justify being outside of the general common room. Our server was fantastic. He knew everything about the menu, was personable, and got our drinks quickly. He wasn't the downfall either. We ordered our appetizers (still not the downfall) which came promptly. My wedge salad was FANTASTIC, and my wife's lobster bisque was amazing (trust me I tasted it and loved it). Then came our main course (and thing began to turn). I ordered the 12oz. filet mignon, My wife ordered the roasted chicken. Our sides were the cream spinach, and garlic mash potatoes. I say this with a track record on leniency. The filet mignon was sub par at best. It tasted like a steak that you would get at outback steakhouse after the cook went home for the night, not the type of steak that you pay $40+ for. My wife's chicken looked, and tasted like someone drove down the street to Boston Market bought the oldest driest chicken they had in the store and brought it back to our table. Our cream spinach was the WORST tasting cream spinach I've had in in Chicago in the last five years.....you read that correctly. THE WORST IN THE LAST FIVE YEARS (Chilli's has a better cream spinach and it's a queso dip). The entire experience wasn't all bad. The garlic mashed potatoes were AMAZING. They were the saving grace our the whole dining experience. I'm just an ordinary guy, so take my opinion with a grain of salt. If you are looking for atmosphere alone, Mastro's is your place. But if you want an atmosphere AND an amazing meal.....look around you.....literally.... there are plenty of other steakhouses that will take care of you and are in walking distance.
