I will admit I tend to have a preconceived notion about restaurants with multiple locations.  I shouldn't be like that but for some reason I assume they will not be as good especially when it comes to steak. Well no more of that because I had one of the best dining experiences of my entire life at Ruth's Chris and I would not change a thing about it. My DW took me here for fathers day however we stay away from restaurants on that day as well as mothers day. We had a reservation for 6pm on the day before fathers day and we arrived at about 540pm. The restaurant was fairly busy but they seated us in a very comfortable both about ten minutes early. The restaurant was very nice and the noise level was not very high. Our server was very good and although he was attentive he did not get in the way. I wish I could recall his name but I don't. All of the staff were very warm and accommodating while we were there. Cocktails were served prompt and with a nice kick and the bread was warm....hell that's half the battle right there how many places have you been to that drop the ball right there. My DW had the vegetarian entree plate and she had tempura onion rings and I think the spinach and potatoes as I recall. I had the bone-in rib eye which was cooked to perfection. The sizzle of the butter on that plate had my mouth watering so much that I wanted to pick it up and eat it . My steak came out of the kitchen a perfect medium rare and that is how I LIKE MY STEAK !!!!!!!. Note to other restaurants I realize that you fell that I should eat my steak rare and that you think you know what I like better than I do....but you do not so when I order my steak medium well there is no need for you to sigh or roll your eyes or any thing other than write down my order....do you hear me n9ne ? Anyway the entire meal was great and we skipped desert because I had to finish that steak and the wife eats pretty light these days. The entire day with tip and valet was under $150 and I feel that it was well worth it. This was my number two best steak of all time.
