Review 33 4 Stars Food : 4/5 Service : 5/5 Ambiance : 4/5 Value : 3/5 Consistency : 4/5 (2 visits) Summary Anteprima offers an extensive, rustic Italian menu with great, attentive service and very flavorful yet simple foods. Serving sizes are a little small, but designed so you have a proper Italian 4-course dinner (antipasti, primi, secondi, dessert). Details Originally, we had planned to celebrate my birthday dinner at another restaurant, but they happened to inform us they would be closed on my birthday for renovations. With two days notice. Really? Well, I will cover that in my next review of _that_ establishement So, at Anteprima, we celebrated my Birthday dinner here and it was a great experience and we will most certainly be back. I enjoy more traditional Italian and Tuscan food than American Italian and this was certainly the former. The decor at Anteprima was really welcoming, a nice bar, bread baskets ready to go and a laid back feel. Some people have written its a little cramped but we had no issue with it. The service was outstanding - attentive, patient, fresh cutlery for every course - just the little things. We were there just before 7pm, so I'm sure later on it gets busier and things may get a little hectic, but our experience was great. Onto the food - we had grilled polenta and pork meatballs for appetizer. The polenta was good, though I like mine a little cheesier and crisper, but all in all it was good. The pork meatballs were delicious - in a wonderful flavorful broth with just the right amount of heat and some nice onion there to discover. Next was pasta - we had the proscuitto ragu and swiss chard ravioli in brown butter sauce. The freshness of the pasta was wonderful - the ragu I would have like to be a little stronger in flavor, but still complemented the pasta well while for the ravioli was very nice. For secondi, we had the NY strip steak - melt in your mouth - served with arugula, lemon and parmesan cheese - just simple flavors adding to a sum greater then their parts. At this point we could not resist dessert - a trio of sorbet, including a mint one which was unique at it had the flavour of real mint along with a sweetness, and we also had the hazelnut chocolate tart. Yum. The quartinos of wine are just the right amount. Anteprima is deservingly busy, and we look forward to going there again soon as we can! Consistency We have been here twice - very consistent, lively and highly recommended. We had other pastas and the charcuterie plate that was very nice.
