Had the best dining experience of my life in Schwa last night. Besides the food being amazing, the fun of interacting with the chefs really makes for a great evening. We arrived at 7.30 and we were greeted immediately by one of the chefs. The restaurant does not have any service staff but you still get better service than any fine dining restaurant I have ever been to. I brought 3 bottles of wine, one for me and the gf, the other two for the chefs. When I gave the wine to the chefs they said 'Dude, why don't we share all the wine". My kind of guy, my kind of place and I knew I was in for a great night. The amuse was a shot of a Bloody Mary. It wasn't like any Bloody Mary I had ever seen before. It was nearly transparent but had all the flavour of tomato, spices, pepper that you expect from a Bloody Mary. Great start. My favourite dish of the evening was the Apple pie soup. The soup tasted heavily of apples, cloves, olive oil and I would have been happy just having the soup. There was a savoury tart that had the most amazing crumble base, cheddar topping and apple filling. Amazing. I tried to eat this really slowly to make it last longer but I pretty much devoured it. I would have licked the bowl but gf was already disapproving of the way I was throwing the food and drink down my mouth. One of the benifits of bringing drink for the chefs is that they give you some hidden extra dishes. Our "extra" dish was a Quail egg filled Ravioli which you eat in one bite. As soon as you bite into the Ravioli, the quail egg explodes in your mouth and gives the most amazing feeling inside your mouth.  All the other dishes were just as mind blowing as the next, like the tagliatelle dish where the milk they used is from cows that are not given water during the day so that the flavour of the milk is more concentrated. The dish was covered in black truffle and veal heart. Michael Carlson came to our table a number of times to ask us how we were doing, to top up our wine and to explain the dishes to us. The other chefs were very funny but were all clearly talented. One of the chefs (I think his name was Matt) had dislocated his wrist but was still cooking/serving tables/making jokes with customers and explaining the dishes. For a group of guys who apologise so much about the service they must know that their style and service is excellant and every bit as good as the food. Best dining experience I have ever had in a relaxed and fun environment. I have eaten in Alinea and I would pick Schwa any day over it.
