Dear Violet Hour, my Love- Where do I even begin??? You kept me at bay for months with your impossibly long lines and strange policy of 'go somewhere else and we'll call you when your table is ready.' I went somewhere else and waited.... and waited.... and you never called. Bastard. What are you some kind of tough guy waiting out the 3 day rule to call me? I thought that kind of pins and needles waiting only applied to dating, not drinking. But of course, you already know this kind of Fort Knox behavior only makes me want you more. You play so dirty VH! I've heard people complain about your ambivalence, that the 'pretty people' still have to wait in line here like everyone else. It is truly a first come, first served environment. Well yes... it's not a single/mingle type place and once you are finally inside amongst the highest of high back chairs, buttery velvet curtains and flickering candlelight, no one else can see you. So who cares what the clientele looks like. I don't.  Your seating (save for the bar) is all styled in tiny clusters to promote intimacy and conversation - the whole place gives off a Disneylandish vibe... like I'm waiting in line to ride the Haunted Mansion. There is a distinct electricity in the air and this place just makes me feel special. You really know how to WOW a girl... Momma taught you well.  Girls like a guy who can take their time, so I also appreciate the aspect of your controlled entrance.... the drinks are painstaking long to mix and having the bartenders overwhelmed by throngs of people trying to get their trendy sidecar consumption on just makes things slow and aggravating for the rest of us. Clearly you're very thoughtful too. And on a final note.... yes, your drinks are pricey. As they should be. They are not only original, handmade and fantastic... they get you deeeerunk. I can usually do 6 vodka/sodas to my 3 VH Southsides (aka Garden in a Glass).... they are potent and have a propensity to make me sober one minute and swimming on the floor at Jewel the next. Thanks VH.... I owe you for that one! Hope we can do it again soon... Love Always, Brett  p.s. call Me!
