I will NEVER ever use travelocity's secret hotel application even if my life depended on it! Travelocity rated this hotel with 4/5 stars, which is pretty high since other hotels such as Inn of Chicago, Allerton, Drake, etc are also rated 4/5 or higher. The lobby was very VERY tiny and full of kids running around. The front desk personnel was helpful and friendly; she was very helpful and answered all the questions I had. I had booked a "secret" room through travelocity and luckily it ended up being a king. Upon entering my room, I noticed it smelled like wet towels that have been laying there for days. The room was rather small and the lights flickered. The bathroom took up 1/3 of the entire room! There were weird stains in the bathtub and the towels smelled like straight up bleach. There was a giant crack in the wall near the window (EEEEK!!!) Usually at other hotels, you can control the temperature in your own room. Not this hotel apparently. The AC kicks on whenever it feels like and every time it does, its so loud that your forced awake. It usually turns off by itself after a few minutes to let you fall asleep and then the cycle begins again! I paid an extra $30 a day for valet parking. To be honest, I was rather surprised this place offered that service to the guests. However when I asked for my car, the valet just simply handed me the key. I paid $30 for them to HAND me my key??? To make matters worse, it took me 30 minutes to find a cab in downtown Chicago around that area. The next morning, I woke up to what sounded like construction drilling. I checked out VERY early. I checked online and apparently, a room at this hotel for the night will cost you around $185!!! I only paid $75, but had I known, I would have gladly paid the $150 to be on Michigan Avenue. Overall, this place was a mess. I did like the customer service at the front desk; they were very polite and helpful. Other than that, the entire hotel is a giant dump that is not even worth 2 stars let alone 4/5!
