Let me start by saying that you should expect a long wait no matter when you go. So starting with that thought I decided to brave the wait and went with my girlfriend for only the second time in the 5 years I've been in Chicago. I remembered the food being really good and tasty so why not. Upon arrival I was told 45 minutes. Okay thats fine. We could look around at some shops, etc to pass the time and hopefully not pass out from hunger. I saw two seats at the bar. "could we just sit there", I asked and was quickly told it was included in the wait time. Ok. So we will wait. no biggie. Came back in 30 minutes... a little longer. 20 minutes later we were called. Wouldnt you know it, we got put it the same two seats at the bar area that I had asked about just 45 minutes earlier. It was evidently included in the wait. Upon sitting down we quickly got our drinks and then we ordered. Not to much later the food came. My girlfriend got the pretzels pancakes and I ordered the "chocolate tower thing". Oddly some sort of french toast with berries was put in front of me. I sent it back and waited while eating some of the Pancakes she ordered. Minutes later the waitress came and said "all I heard was french toast." I just sat in amazement at her explaination. What happens if she hears someone say pancakes, would she get clarification since there are half a dozen different kinds or would she just choose what she wanted to serve you. Also, how does one mix up "Chocolate tower thing" and the words french toast. Anyway. it didnt stop there because another 10-15 minutes went by and they still hadnt brought me what I ordered. So I called over to the waitress and cancelled the order, which she had no problem doing. She didnt say, I'm sorry, or can I get you something else, or its almost ready let me put it in a to go for you and take it off your bill, because of the trouble and my horrible waitressing abilities. So the feeling of it being just an extreme privalege to just be in the place and be served at all didnt sit well with me. So after almost 2 hours of my time, I had some iced coffee (25 cents more than regular,,,, I guess the ice there is expensive) and one pancake that had crushed up pretzels in it with some sort of cream on top of it. I believe I could crush up pretzels into my own mrs butterworths pancake mix at home. I will never go back and if I ever think about going again I'll just read this.There are just way too many other places to go for brunch then to waste it on this one.
