We rented (3) rooms, this is not a Hotel, this is a Motel: The rooms: 1 room the shower curtain was broken, only the first and last loop was attached to the overhead pole, there were two shower heads because one the water trickled out (down) and the other one, the head shot off and hit me in the chest, the shower hose sprayed water out and up the whole time you showered. 1 room the lock didn't work, the other room the duvet was yellow stained and had wood pieces all over the bed. None of the rooms had the in room safe as advertised, beds are hard as a rock, musty smelling, we tried to get a microwave to pop popcorn that they sale at the vending machine and was told by the front desk that they no longer supply them, but we could use the employee's behind the front desk. No HBO, no pay movies and no video games were available or even offered. The Facility:The fitness room, was 1 piece of equipment that was/and has been broken for some time, the Bristo restaurant has been closed down for a couple years. The outdoor pool has been closed down for some time, the indoor pool is no longer a pool. They do have a shuttle "van" that will pick you up at the airport, the back door is broken on it and has to pulled open and closed by a couple cords, per the driver who spoke little English it has been broken for sometime. The hall ways were dirty with stains on the walls. The wirelss only worked while in the lobby and that was if the wind wasn't blowing and it wasn't cold outside, which during the winter that's difficult. I've never felt so dirty after leaving the hotel, I couldn't wait to get home and take a "clean" shower!The Staff-I felt bad for the front desk, but hey I guess they could leave. Everybody checking out around the same time we were complained. I called 2 days ahead to get ajoining rooms since we were getting 3 rooms and 2 of them were 1 family, the front desk lady that answered the phone said to call the night before we were checking in, so I did, they said oh you have to do that when you check in, so when we checked in we were told, we don't have ajoining room, very frustrating why didn't they tell me that the first 2 times I called.
