It is difficult even for me, a gifted verbal gymnast, to come up with the appropriate superlatives to describe my dining experience at Alinea. I have eaten at some of the world's most highly regarded restaurants and this was by far the best meal I've ever had. This is for two reasons: one, flawless execution of the meal (in taste, service and the creation of atmosphere); two, it made me a believer about a type of cuisine (experimental) that usually underwhelms me. My husband and I shared the 12 course meal with wine pairings, and they were gracious enough to pour me a smaller amount so I would be able to remember dessert AND it was reflected in the bill. Nice. Some standouts from our meal where the hot potato/cold potato, the kobe beef with powdered A-1, the alaskan king crab and the black truffle explosion (which was essentially an Italian shanghai dumpling). Every course was incredible and the wine pairings were thought-provoking, particularly a Spanish sherry that was much more sophisticated than most I have tasted. If I had to pick a bone or two: the chestnut dish was my least favorite, a bit cloying and just too much AND I felt that there were too many dessert courses (this is saying a lot for I generally have an insatiable sweet tooth). But ending a large meal with all that sweet kind of put us over the edge, particularly because the last bite was a bit of fried sweet potato pie! The service at Alinea is the kind of service that makes one hyper-aware of oneself, because it is obvious you are being watched peripherally by the ubiquitous staff. At one point, I went to take a sip of water just as a waiter was coming by to preset silver. He saw me lift my glass, back-pedaled and then returned when I placed it down again to do his business. I love that. I also liked that the servers had some personality. I kept wondering what it would be like at the "office holiday party." If you find yourself in Chicagoland, go to this restaurant. It will set you back some coin, but I'm sure you won't regret it.
