Saturday the 15th finally rolled around and my long anticipated night at Alinea was just hours away. I'd have to go back to December 24th 1984 to recall the last time I felt so anxious. With a nice lunch at Irazu I was primed and ready to go. I even planned which "jacket" I was going to wear for the occasion. Jeff, John, and I were about to embark on a five plus hour twenty four course culinary adventure. We were ready. We arrived at Alinea for our 6:30 reservation and were escorted up the glass staircase to our table on the second level. The room we were sat in housed two four tops and a six top. We were a bit nervous that we'd overpower the small room with loud obnoxious vulgarity. Shortly after sitting we realized that they sat us in the loud obnoxious vulgar section. Perfect! Each of us went with the twenty four course "Tour" menu with wine pairings. Alinea offers both a twelve and twenty four course menu. (Alinea is so well designed and deliberate that I am actually spelling out 12 and 24 because I think it looks better!) Below you will find a list of each dish we had followed by a few brief descriptions of those dishes that really stood out. In the interest of time I decided to not list the wine pairings, but they were all superb. STEELHEAD ROE coconut, lime, vanilla fragrance Yum! YUBA shrimp, miso, togarashi Deep fried soy milk? Grant Achatz has definitely proven that anything deep fried is bound to be good. CRAB passion fruit, avocado, heart of palm This dish was served as a one biter on a white porcelain spoon. The description delivered by our server listed what seemed to be more than ten ingredients. I asked "How can you fit all that shit on that little spoon?" Sure enough all the components were abundantly clear on the pallet from just that one itsy bitsy bite. Delicious! SALSIFY caper, dill, smoked salmon Is it just me or is everybody using Salsify these days? Up until a few weeks ago I had no clue what it was and no I can't get away from it. BEANS many garnishes, pillow of nutmeg air We all selected this dish as the best of the evening.  It was a navy bean puree with a piece of crisp pancetta on top of that and on top of that a Guinness beer foam. It was St. Patrick's Day after all! Surrounding the puree was eight or so single bite accompaniments intended to be consumed with the puree. Brilliant! DUCK butternut squash, banana, Thai flavors LAMB mushroom, red wine, diverse embellishments HOT POTATO cold potato, black truffle, butter PORK BELLY smoked paprika, polenta, pickled vegetables CHICKEN SKIN truffle, corn, thyme MANGO soy, foie gras CARAMEL CORN "liquefied". Yep, tastes exactly like liquid caramel corn! CRANBERRY frozen and chewy, bitter orange, chervil One of the most simple and interesting dishes of the evening! WAGYU BEEF black truffle, potato, Blis Elixir They dangle this piece of beef in front of you and don't let it eat it! It just sits there taunting you and finally they serve it atop a hot potato.  ICE FISH shellfish, horseradish, parsley APPLE CIDER walnut milk, cinnamon, vegetable ash SWEETBREAD cauliflower, burnt bread, toasted hay BLACK TRUFFLE explosion, romaine, parmesan A signature dish that should never ever be taken off of the menu. Easily my second favorite dish of the evening. Rich and delicious! Hands down the best pierogi I have ever had! TRANSPARENCY of raspberry, rose petal, yogurt BACON butterscotch, apple, thyme PERSIMMON carrot, red curry, spice strip LICORICE CAKE muscovado, sugar, orange, hyssop CHOCOLATE egg, pomelo, smoke SWEET POTATO bourbon, tempura, cinnamon incense COFFEE five ways The space is stunning. It looks like it was pulled from the pages of a really strong issue of Metropolitan Home. To tell you the truth, I was in love with the restaurant before taking a single bite. Alinea....you had me at hello.... You had me at hello.... A majority of the plates and apparatuses that were used for serving food were custom designed for Alinea. The food, the wine, the interior design, the service, and even the china all worked to create a truly harmonious dining experience. It was culinary theatre at its very best. The staff was welled dressed, mostly well behaved (a good thing), and very knowledgeable. Everybody is clad in Zegna so it's hard to look bad! I couldn't keep count of the number of servers who we interacted with, but despite the turnover the service remained consistently perfect. The thing that stuck out the most was how approachable our sommelier was. I enjoy wine and like to have an open dialogue with my sommeliers. I find more often than not the sommeliers try to prove their worth to you by spewing out obscure facts and using bad accents.  Our guy was just like one of the guys. Well, one of the guys who knows a whole lot about wine. 3 "Tour" Menus with Wine Pairings $1300
