Congratulations Graham Elliot, welcome to my Top 3 Restaurants in the city of Chicago. Love this place. I came here the other night for about the 7th time this calendar year. I would have given this place 5 stars back in May when I first came here, but I've been busy. Why do I keep coming back you ask? Because it's that good. Let's look at the Top 3 things I like about this restaurant: 1) The atmoshphere. Cool location, an energetic vibe, and super warm and knowledgeable staff. They aren't too pushy, and they get a feel for you and the group that you're with rather quickly. They always pop up at the right time in a conversation, and they know their wines up and down, side to side. These guys must go through 6 months of training before actually being assigned their first table. Some of the best in the buinsess.  2) Versatility. Over the past year I've met up here with Friends from college I hadn't seen in years, dates with girls who weren't worthy of a Graham Elliot type evening, but were able to walk out all the better for it when it was all said and done, business dinners, and a party. You can bring family members here when you are looking for a place to take them for the night when they come to visit. Feel free to suggest to your boss to talk Q4 strategy here. This place has got your back, no matter what you have going on. 3) Staying power. This place will be here for a long time. This won't be a big city restaurant that is hot for 18 months to a year and then flames out as being a place that is no longer hip to go to because "only tourists like that place." That to me is a sign of a top notch restaurant. I knew it the second I first stepped foot in it. As far as food goes, it is excellent, top-notch! I've had everything on the menu, as it changes every now and then. It's all fantastic.  The menu is unique in that it offers dishes that combine several foods you wouldn't expect to be grouped together. For example, "The Wisconsin Cheddar Risotto" which consists of green apples, glazed onions, bacon, and cheez-its.  Just writing about it I can still taste it now. It is surprisingly delicious and all of their dishes follow suit. If you want to change things up a bit and try a new place and Graham Elliot is one of your options, you can't go wrong, I promise. Enjoy!
