As a fan of anything with historic significance- my recent stay at the Drake made me imagine I was back in the 1920's living the life of the upper class who have stayed there over the years. Now granted- as with any historic building- your room is kind of the "luck of the draw". Over the years rooms have been combined, cut in half, etc to maximize the space but that is just one of the quirks of old hotels. The Drake has recently also undergone a remodel so all the spaces are new, clean and up to date. My room, on this stay, was fabulous. It was huge- easily accommodating a king sized bed, desk chair and ottoman, dresser, bar and overlooked Lake Michigan. The marbled bath was also huge- in fact- you could have put additional furniture into it. The ceilings were at least 15 feet tall and bordered in crown molding. The hallway was wide and regal. But I also know from previous stays, that some rooms are smaller, have no view, and some have 2 bathrooms and a small bedroom- and some are suites. If when you push open your door and are dissatisfied- you owe it to yourself to call the desk to see if there is anything else available. Hilton Hotels now owns the Drake so all the expected amenities are there- the comfy soft beds and linens, the Crabtree and Evelyn bath products, the well stocked mini bar and good service (although I am a frequent traveler at Hilton hotels so that may have helped out in the service area) My room rate was only $139 per night (plus an additional $49 per night for valet parking- next time I'm leaving the car at home!) One of my favorite parts of the stay was a book that was in the room chronicling the history of the Drake hotel through letters and pictures of all the famous people who had gone through it's doors. And oh if those doors could speak. Queens, Kings, celebrities have all stayed at the Drake. Also interesting were the pictures of the old ads that billed the Drake as the place to get "Lake Michigan air" for only $5 per night (1920) I may not be a Queen, a King or any kind of a celebrity. But for the weekend I spent at the Drake, I certainly felt like one.
