Have you ever been somewhere that after you leave you wanted to stop people on the street to tell them about it? Need to tell them? No? Neither have I, until last night. From the moment I stepped into 500 N Michigan, I knew I was in for something different. The smell of Olive Oil lured us in the right direction down the hall and into the unpretentious inviting room that was minimally decorated with wine barrels, Spanish mosaics and high communal tables. The vibe was energetic and the crowd eclectic making it a melting pot of a crowd. There was a wait so we started off at the bar with some wine, cheeses and meats, which kicked of our sensational journey into the Mediterranean feast that was ahead. No Passports required. The Manchengo cheese was my favorite paired with a nice bottle of red from Trentino made me jump in my seat with excitement. Next we were on to the antipasti where my favorites included the Almonds with Rosemary & Garlic, Salt-Roasted Beets and Shaved Brusselsprouts with Pecorino. The savory, sweet and salty mix among the trio was unbelievable. I never thought beets could be so addictive. Next we were on to the fried items were I mistakenly had the Prosciutto Bread Balls. Mistakenly, because I don't eat pork, they were so good I forgot I didn't eat pork and had a few more. The Winter Squash & Goat Cheese Arancini was also like nothing I have ever tasted before. Incredible. On to the Smears, most meat lovers would be enamored with the choices on this list. I opted for the Eggplant Caponata with the Goat Cheese spread and was extremely pleased with this authentic Sicilian dish. The meat eaters at my table were loving it too. After saying I couldn't eat anymore, I found out they had Olive Oil ice cream. We ordered one for the table, so we could just have a "taste" but I pretty much devoured it leaving not a whole lot to share. I hate when people do that! There is also a chocolate hazelnut variety for all you Nutella fans. The plates here are large enough to share but small enough where you can order a variety of dishes to really experience the talented chef's gift of flavor combinations and textures. Trained by Mario Batali, the Chef's food was so deliciously inviting you literally shared with your table - the people you came with and the ones you just met. For those of you who have traveled or lived in Europe and have a longing for something authentically European here in Chicago, run to the Purple Pig. It will bring back many memories of times abroad. The energy in the Pig is young, vibrant, eclectic - and authentic. I highly recommend you eat, drink and enjoy!
