When a friend of mine found out I'd be going to Simply It for August's Yelp Girls Night Out event, she forwarded me an article that had run in an April 2009 issue of Time Out Chicago (http://bit.ly/HKCB6). "It breaks my heart," she said in the e-mail. Well. I read the story on my way down and immediately loved the GNO organizer even more than before just for choosing this restaurant. (Seriously. Read the story.) Basically? The [adorable, exuberant] owner got screwed by his two partners and left in a horrifying financial lurch -- now he's struggling just to make ends meet, but he won't leave the business because it's his passion and all he knows in the world. I wanted to hug him before I met him, and by the time I left, I was ready to put him in my pocket and take him everywhere with me. What a joyous, lovely man. A lot of reviews here speak to authenticity, and, well, I don't care. It's in Lincoln Park, for God's sake; do you really expect anything authentic to come of this neighborhood? BUT. The GNO team did our research and determined that, even if it wasn't completely true to traditional Vietnamese recipes, it's completely delicious. Platters of appetizers came first -- fresh spring rolls with shrimp, egg rolls, little deep-fried sail shapes stuffed with chicken, peas and carrots, pot stickers -- they were delicious on their own, but I'm a sucker for sauces. And the hoisin-peanut sauce meant for those spring rolls? Yeah, I made someone take my spoon away. The entrees: lemongrass chicken with a warm, wonderful flavor, mango beef (in a COCONUT SHELL) with not enough of either title ingredient, and pineapple calamari, which was probably the least offensive calamari I've ever tried. And that's saying something, I guess. A big bowl of steamy sticky rice and a cornucopia of fresh vegetables brought the middle of the meal together. Dessert was deep-fried banana heaven, plus platters of fresh watermelon, sliced strawberries and bing cherries. The last cherry I ate was the straw that broke this camel's back, and I left the restaurant doubled over in the best pain I've felt in a long time. Except -- well, never mind. But I couldn't make it out the door without a sweet, sincere send-off from the owner. He held his hands out and thanked me for coming in. I managed a smile-like "God damn I'm FULL" grimace and told him it was a wonderful experience. And it had been. The food was lovely, obviously, with stellar service to match: When I asked for a straw, it was presented to me with a flourish, and the 25 or so women I dined with never wanted for wine chillers, water refills or extra napkins. And the whole. staff. SMILED. How refreshing! I am a virtuous woman. So far be it from me to add a "pity" star to boost the likelihood that people will visit Simply It because it's a good story and they're going through a rough time. (And really, what restaurant isn't struggling a bit?) But I will give a solid 4-star experience a fifth for warm fuzzies.
