I went in a bit cautious but was won over. When a restaurant receives a lot of hype such as this I think it's either really as good as people say or the majority of diners are simply saying the food is good bc they're engaging in groupthink. Well, after having dinner at the Publican, I can confirm that it's the former. I wouldnt say everything we had was a hit, but I will say I love the fresh food and the variety of dishes served. So here's a rundown of what we had: Halibut crudo: This was very good and I would definitely recommend ordering it. I thought it was very fresh and light. A great dish to start off with. Potted rillettes: Loved this. Prob my fav dish of the night. Have ya'll noticed how restaurants never seem to give enough bread with spreads? Luckily, we had asked for bread at the beginning of dinner, so when we ran out of the toasted bread that came with the dish we simply spread the rillettes over the complimentary bread we received earlier. Honestly, I really dont know how the cherries enhanced or complimented the rillettes. Even without the cherries, this dish wouldve been yummy. Country ribs: This was another hit. I could really taste the citrus flavor in the meat. And there were two large chunks of meat, so portion size was great. The slices of oranges scattered throughout the dish didnt really do anything to enhance the flavor of the meat but I guess it was just there for presentation's sake. Livornese fish stew: Served with what I believe to be garlic bread. I generally love fish stew, but I'd say skip this one. I've had better at Calo. It wasnt bad (although a tad salty), but as I've said Ive had better elsewhere so I'd save my money for something else on the menu. I certainly dont believe it was worth $29. We had another dish from the vegetable section of the menu, but I dont recall what it was called. It consisted of eggplant and ground lamb. In regards to this dish, I'd say if you see something similar on the menu, skip it. It tasted like sloppy joe. I've had better manwiches. We also had dessert. A blueberry shortcake with lemon curd and this banana ice cream dessert, the exact term for which I cant remember. Anywho, my fellow dinner mate enjoyed his banana ice cream but I didnt really like my shortcake. Specifically, I didnt like the basil ice cream that was in the dessert. Minus the basil ice cream, I wouldve like this dessert more. In terms of service, our waitress was really helpful, answering any questions we had about items on the menu. I dont really have much to say about the wait staff. I thought they did their job well. Ambiance: We had an early dinner, arriving at the restaurant a little before 530 on a Sunday. Early on it was pretty nice and quiet, but it slowly got louder and louder as more and more diners sat down for dinner. I had expected this so no complaints. I just know to show up early to avoid the noisier atmosphere.
