Summary: Q: How does this otherwise high quality place screw up soup?A: With surprising ease.The Details:Hubbie and I beat the Navy Pier system!! We attended the flower and garden show on complimentary tickets, parked off the pier at a meter AND ate at Fox and Obel for way less than the inflated prices on the Pier. So whats the gripe?We thought we'd take advantage of Fox & Obel's 2 hrs parking free w/$20 purchase - great deal! So we moved the car (meter ran out) and, after purchasing some items, we settled into their cafe for a late lunch. I ordered their vegetable pistou soup. Easy, right? I love pistou - the lightness, the flavor...yummy! I couldn't wait. And with fresh bread - how can you lose? Here's how.The soup arrived without a pretty swirly pistou floating on the surface of the clear broth and large chunks of veggies lurking below. Whaat? I double checked the menu -- yes, a parsley pistou. Ok, I asked the cashier and she swifly gave me a little cup of pistou and even added a little extra when she asked if I'd like more. Who would turn that down?So I unceremoniously dump it on my soup. Yumminess, here I come! But the soup arrived barely lukewarm. I hadn't noticed this before. My husband was keeping score, this was strike two. So I carry the soup to the register and tell her that it needs to be heated. No complaint just a request to have it remedied.So she returns it to my table, warmer and the pistou has melted into the soup. Thats fine because it will taste yummy! But wait....there's no flavor in that bowl even with the extra pistou. I add salt and pepper, and it doesn't help. The veggies are tasteless. Booo...and thats strike three. What is this, a Cubs game? (just kidding, I love my Cubbies)The bread was good but the main event was lacking. Surprisingly so given the quality of many of their other offerings. My husband's meal was great but he can give them more stars in his review. The guy who actually "served" the soup (he kind of dropped it off and walked off quickly without a word) seemed pretty disinterested. The cashier was pretty nice, though, as was the woman who gave me the pistou.Overall I like Fox & Obel -- overpriced in general? YES! But still, you can find some unusual items. But I'm not reviewing the store - just the cafe. Maybe they should just rename it baseball soup.
