Ok, I decided to give this place another try but instead of going on a Saturday night (where I had to wait 1.5+ hrs before throwing in the towel and leaving), I opted for a Saturday afternoon (hoping it would be less crowded then). Turns out it was (I only waited for 20-30 min), so that's good! I have to say, I loved everything I ordered! This place is so amazing that I had to go back the following weekend for brunch, again! I went with my sister during my first brunch visit. I had the Peeky Toe Crab Benedict. This was incredible! The Hollandaise sauce was like no other! The eggs were so light and not greasy at all. The crab meat tasted so fresh. The dehyrated bacon was phenomenal. It tasted so sweet and almost caramelized. The breakfasts come with a side of mixed green or potatoes. I opted for the mixed green. They were decadent. I loved the dressing! It was one of the best salads I've ever had. My sister had the Market Scramble. From the little bite that I had I thought it was great. Again, not greasy which is surprising for an egg breakfast. She ordered it w/ the side of potatoes and they were incredible. The following weekend I went with my boyfriend for brunch. Since I loved what I got the previous weekend I decided to get it again! Everything, like last time, was great with the exception for the mixed greens. They were not only wilted but they barely had any of that delicious dressing on them. My boyfriend had the PBR Breakfast. It came with a cold-can of PBR and two eggs any style. He got them over-medium and said that it was the best over-medium egg -- it wasn't too over or under done, a major feat in his eyes. It also came w/ bacon or house-made sausage. He ordered the sausage and being a self-proclaimed sausage connoisseur he said it was hands down the best he ever had. Obviously after hearing that I had to have a bite and I have to say that I agree w/ him (and I don't even like sausage!) It was tangy yet sweet and cooked to perfection. He ordered his breakfast w/ the side of potatoes. They were as good as I remembered them from last weekend. Since he loves bacon he also added a side of it to his order. He said it was the best bacon he ever had so, I had to try some, too. We loved that it had a smokey flavor (I've never tried bacon that tasted like that) and, like everything else, I was impressed that it wasn't greasy. We'll definitely be back! I just hope that the mixed greens will be back on track next time!
