This place needs another rave review like I need a hole in the head, but my experience was so good that I feel the need to write something.  First off, it's not often I can say that I've eaten the weight of a 16" softball in various meats, but this was one of those occasions - needless to say, I'm really glad I opted for a small salad and a two-mile run for lunch before coming here.  I arrived a little bit early, and was able to pick from their ample and very refined beer selection (I didn't catch a whiff of any other beverages being offered, though there appears to be a full bar) while I stood and read a magazine at one of their pub tables. I have to admit I really appreciate the increasing respect that brew craft is being shown, with many restaurants listing their beers as they would their wines - really paying attention to quality and food pairing. The Publican is definitely one of those places. After the meal I was informed that there are also special price fixe meals where the chefs pair up with different domestic breweries to create specialty brew and meal combinations. After my party arrived, we got to sit at the end of one of the communal tables, which provided ample room for the feast which ensued. We decided to have the sardines, the charcuterie plate, the shrimp, the bollito misto, the farm chicken, and the brussels sprouts.  Out of all these dishes, the only one I probably wouldn't repeat would be the chicken - not because it was anything less than delicious, but because I'm just not a massive fan of poultry - however, the summer sausage and frites that came on the side were amazing. Highlights of the meal would include the brussels sprouts (wonderful), the frites (they absorbed all the taste of the chicken, but had a great underlying flavor of their own), the cotechino sausage in the misto (blew my mind, really - what a wonderful flavor combination), and the head cheese (ok, never had it before and always thought it looked nasty when I saw it in the deli - this was a far cry from the stuff grandpa ate, and totally delicious). I also want to draw special attention to the mustard that was included in the charcuterie plate - I was happy to learn that they're about 6 months from bottling and selling some of the sauces and mustards they make there. If they offered the mustard I had tonight for sale, I would buy it in an instant and have it around for all the brats and goodies I grill in the warmer months. On to dessert. We had the chocolate souffle and the creme brule. My father in law wasn't a fan of the 'smoked' chocolate ice cream, but I thought it was great. It is exactly what it tastes like - a sweet, smoky confection. I can completely understand where he was coming from though - some people want their sweets sweet, and do not want to deal with other, unexpected, and even seemingly contradictory flavors coming in. For my part, I really enjoyed the anise cookies that came with the creme brule, and the tiny personal pot of jasmine tea with the tea pearl blooming inside. Over all, this place had the entire package:  excellent selection of ingredients, from the beers, to the meats, to the garnishes.  Extremely professional and fast wait staff. Our desserts took about five minutes longer than one would expect them to, and our waiter came out before they had even arrived to say they would be comped (they literally showed up 30 seconds later). Unique venue - possibly the coolest bathrooms I've been in in a while, and I am a huge fan of the beer hall-style seating and the mini 'room' booths (which my husband said were supposed to mimic pig pens, in keeping with the pork theme. I would absolutely go here again, though probably not for a while, out of respect for my wallet and my arteries.
