I'm continuously awed by both the mediocrity of the Chicago Diner, and the fact that I continue to (occasionally) go back. It's a very strange phenomenon. They have a very extensive menu, and perhaps I talk myself into believing that I will order something that is anything better than "meh!". I usually leave asking why I went again. First off, I should mention the Chicago Diner is going to move directly across the street soon. Hopefully this will solve some of the seating problems. The restaurant is pretty small and at peak times, the wait can be long for a table. When the weather is nice, the outdoor seating helps out a lot, but if you go during the cold weather season, be prepared to wait out on Halsted. My problem with the Diner is this, it's supposed to be the incredibly well known vegetarian restaurant. Visitors know of it and flock to it, but it just isn't that good! Many of the faux meat items I have had tried are either rubbery (most recently, the chicken style seitan in the stir fry) or overly greasy (chicken parmesan sandwich). I just think that the reputation this place has, coupled with it's long history should lead to much tastier food. They do a few things well, the vegan mac and cheese is pretty tasty, but overall I find this place inconsistent. The only thing that I have ever ordered more than once is the biscuits and gravy, which are good... but can't touch the Handlebar's. One good thing about the Chicago Diner (and the thing that got them three stars instead of two) is that the desserts are excellent. They have great vegan cakes and cheesecakes. They also have great vegan milkshakes, they aren't cheap (6 bucks!) but, they are pretty damn good. If you have to go, get a coffee and dessert, that way you won't be disappointed. I almost feel bad, as a long time vegan, giving this place a less than glowing review. I am glad it's there, but I just wish they would work to make it better. When I travel to places like New York, I get a taste of what can be done with vegan food (Red Bamboo, S'nice, ad infinitum) and the Diner isn't in the same league, not even close. November 15, 2007 EDIT: I have since found a very good sandwich at the Chicago Diner. The Radical Reuben. It is thickly stacked with seitan, sauerkraut, and a side of vegan 1000 island dressing. A side of the vegan mac and cheese and you have a great meal. I still think the Diner has lots of room to improve their menu, but this is a good one.
