Solid four-star meal at Bad Apple this past weekend. We had two $25 gift certificates from opening an account at North Community Bank. We were seated in about 10 minutes (quicker than the 20 the hostess promised). We ordered cocktails to start ... I got something that was basically a gimlet with grapefruit juice; my ladywife got something called "Kitchen Kool-aid," which was very tasty. The cocktail list in general was quite creative. We ordered the goat cheese fondue appetizer, which was on par with what I'd had at other restaurants; predictably good and cheesy, nothing that stood out. I ordered the Squash da Beef, a hamburger with a squash puree on top, and Old Bay fries. The fries were top-notch; some of the best I've had. Spring for the additional seasoning option for 75 cents. They have some good choices. The burger was so-so. The beef was good and flavorful and cooked just right; however, the squash on top was weird. It was cold, which I thought was strange, and kind of flavorless. My ladywife got the Frenchie with a veggie patty, and truffle fries. She oohed and ahhed over the fries (I snuck a taste and can confirm that they were really good), and said her burger was tasty, too. Their beer list is very extensive, with some very interesting and affordable brews. For their draughts you have the option of ordering a 1 oz for $1, so you can taste a couple. I had the St. Bernardus Christmas, a sweet and spicy holiday beer. All told, like I said, a four-star meal. Why the three-star rating? The ladywife loves dessert, and she always asks to see the dessert menu at the beginning of the meal, so she can order her entree accordingly. She asked for one and the server (who had been super friendly up til then) retorted "You're drinking dessert." "I'm sorry?" H asked, startled and confused. "We don't have dessert," she answered. Then laughed awkwardly. I think that she was probably trying to make a friendly joke, but it came across kind of rude. Like I said, she'd been very friendly up to then and was afterwards as well. Still, it was a bit off-putting. Looking forward to going back to use our second $25 gift certificate (apparently you can only use one at a time ... and we'll have to go soon; they expire at the end of this month). I'll try a different burger and explore the beer list more extensively.
