Go for the drinks, stay for the food! The caipirinhas, the sangria, the margaritas, all perfectly mixed. I am not a big mixed drink person, I tend to stick to wine & beer. But the way they make em here, well, makes you want to break out of the box and imbibe!! Carnivale is very big and open. The main dining area seems to stretch on forever and then there are also little seating areas off to the sides and in a 2nd floor balcony area. But oddly enough, the noise level is not what you would expect. I've eaten in both the main dining area and in one of the offshoots to the side and neither time did we have a problem with dinner conversation or feeling like we had to shout to hear each other. That can sometimes be an issue in these big, open restaurants. The food here is pretty stellar. I ate here about 3-4 years ago and remember really enjoying it, so I was excited to go back a second time just recently. We had a group of 6 so we started off with the ceviche tasting (a portion of all five) and guacamole. The ceviche's were all really tasty with the escolar being the standout. My only complaint, is the portion sizes were a little small. With 6 people it meant we all basically only got a small bite of each. But holy moly guacamole! It was delicious. Super fresh and chunky with just a touch of jalapeno without being overpowering. Mmmm, I wish I had some of that right about now. For my entree I did the mixed seafood dish (clams, shrimp, mussels, squid) which was good, although a little lackluster. It just didn't stand out for me. I tried my friends seared ahi tuna and Oh My God, it was amazing. I was wishing I had gotten that. The other diners seemed happy with their dishes although I did not try anything else. Last but definitely not least, the desserts. They were, quite frankly, lick your lips good. We had some sort of chocolate coffee flan and I wanted to dive in to it. That and the sweet, sweet churros with the dipping sauce made me a happy, happy camper. After this second visit, Carnivale has made it on to my relatively short list for special occasion restaurants (it can get a little pricey once you throw in drinks, a few bottles of wine, apps and dessert - but totally worth it).
