Run don't walk to R.J. Grunts. This is one of my all-time favorite brunch spots in the city, and the fact that it's in the heart of my favorite Chicago neighborhood, Lincoln Park West, makes the experience that much more enjoyable.  R.J. Grunt has been in Lincoln Park for years and it's no wonder the why the restaurant is a success, the food is fantastic, the atmosphere is fun and the waitstaff is some of the best I've had. Now I understand that their traditional menu and salad bar is what really wow's people, and even though I have been there several times I have never ordered off of their traditional menu, I've only had their brunch (which includes their salad bar). Stunning- I know. The brunch is my favorite because it offeres variety. The homemade waffles, pecan-french-toast and western style eggs are to-die-for! The flavors compliment each other beautifully and when it comes to the sweet breakfast offerings, you don't need syrup- I know, it's shocking but it's true. You cannot go wrong with this brunch bar! The salad bar is on a completely different level than any other salad bars I've ever been too. If you've read my reviews, you know I love a good salad and you also know that I love to choose what goes into my salad, so obviously, RJ's is one of my favorites because of the large salad bar. The dressings are great, the offerings of fresh fruit, veggies and organic spinach is out-of-this-world! I am tempted to go there right now! I honestly cannot say enough good about RJ's, but I will.... The staff is super sweet and extremely attentive. I've never had a bad experience here. And the decor and atmosphere is so much fun! I love the old photos and Chicago memorabilia. Can we also talk about how the restaurant is across the street from Lincoln Park Zoo? It's a great place to go to on a Sunday and then head across the street for a pleasant stroll in the zoo. With that being said- please leave the kids at home- or bypass RJ's and just head to the zoo. Brunch is great, but it's not a place for kids, and honestly, there's nothing more annoying than having parents try to have kids running around a fun place to knocking into chairs with oversized strollers. Just leave the kids with grandma and grandpa during brunch- thanks! Anyway- sorry about the child-tangent- moving on. I really love R.J.'s and I really hope you go to Lincoln Park West to check it out, it's so much fun and the perfect place for brunch and/or lunch. Cheers and have some salad for me when you're there!
