First ballet in the "big city!" Ballet to see at 7:30...may get hungry before the show...what to do what to do. Google location of the the auditorium...google restaurants within walking distance....less than .1 mile please....my feet will be on fire when walking more than that in heels. Results: Mercat a la Planxa. Reviews: Average 4 stars. Ding ding...we have a winner! Reservations for 5:30pm...a little "snack" before going to the ballet. I walk in a bit early because I wanted to tell the server that we have to make the ballet. Hate rushing dinner, but my nightmares of the Joffrey usher slamming the doors in my group's face because we arrived at 7:31pm were just too vivid. The waitress was very knowledgeable and very nice. However, my alarm bells went off because she suggested the Chef Selection for the group because that'd make it easy. I didn't want too...$58 was already $15 more than I wanted to spend on actual food....but, had to...EVERYONE at the table is required if anyone wants to do the chef selection. Ok, fine. I'll do it. Experience right? Splurge. A plus...they accommodated for the vegetarians at the table and brought out some fantastic veggie side dishes when the rest of us had meat. What do I remember that was good? The little chili pepper dipped in mayo sauce was tasty. The lamb was excellent. The veggie dishes that had Murielles (spelling?) were awesome...I adore those mushrooms tho...best fungus of all. The beef...I got stuck with a butt piece so I didn't get to taste the pieces that were cooked rare...I like my meat bloody. I guess it may have been good...I did stare longingly at the red red pieces, but the little piggy in me said to share. The chef brought out some "complimentary" tator tot things topped with spicy mayo...fine, but they showed up on our table again. Seriously? If it's complimentary, send a salad or something...something we won't see again! Bacon wrapped dates...bacon was seared and way blacker than I like...if that's possible. Oh the prawns...the size of my hand (literally...I have small hands) and the heads were still attached! My Chinese self squealed with delight...too bad I wasn't comfy enough around my party to ask for their prawn heads so I could eat the brains. I think I grossed out the vegetarians that surrounded me. Sorry! That's pretty much all I can remember....Chef Selection didn't include dessert. :( As with any large party, there was some discrepancy over the bill, but the waitress was nice about it. I was more embarrassed than anything. Charged a 19% gratuity...that was fine..we had table of 7 and I thought it'd be more along the lines of 20%. The waitress did a great job bringing the bill when I asked for it, and we split it among several cards. Tip: Ask your server for a pen and piece of paper so you can write down the appropriate amounts for each card...make the server's life easy. A+ to Mercat for accommodating. At the end of the day, for me alone, tip+tax+food, I was at $83...I kept having to tell myself...it's a special occasion. We ran a bit late and weren't out of there by 7pm like I wanted but no biggie. Bottom line: I need a side job here. $100 for a table of 7 when I hardly did anything? Jeez, I wish I had food runners, bus boys, water refillers when I was a waitress!!! The food was good...small portions, but there are tapas places that are more worth the $. Come here for a splurge or special occasion or when a rich relative is paying. I saw no other Asians there...they probably knew better! I left hungry...went to Ping Pong later for calamari (yum yum). Oh yeah, set aside 2 hours for dinner...great rule of thumb. Good food, but you pay for the experience more. Everyone else loved it. I would have too, if the hole in my wallet wasn't screaming at me...if I had left full, I think it wouldn't have been yelling quite as loud. PS. We did get out in time, and my feet needed a cab. Yes, I was a lazy person and took a cab 4 blocks. By the time it was time to go out and get "crazy"....my feet didn't allow me to. I'm never wearing heels again.
