I thought it was a nice touch to have a large bottle of water on the table when we arrived but by the end of the night I realized it was only because you'd never get a refill on anything unless I walked into the kitchen and turned the tap on yourself. If I were just rating the food, 4-5 stars. Wonderful ravioli, risotto, steak, and a panna cotta were devoured. I wanted to lick the plate after the risotto it was so creamy and good. On the flip side, I would give ZERO stars for service. I had the same experience as Greg D and would swear we were at the same table if I hadn't dined at Anteprima a day after his review posted. The restaurant was busy and the kitchen was backed up. It happens and in these situations, even an average waiter should have a few tricks to keeping guests from noticing that courses are coming out with 30 minutes between them. You may not control how fast they are firing plates but you can control that your customer's wine is replenished. It becomes painfully obvious you're waiting when the glasses are empty and the table is barren of food. Even a kind word once in a while..."sorry we're backed up tonight, would you like another glass?" makes an immeasurable difference on the perception of the dining. Our waiter barely spoke to us, came by once in two hours of dining so we could order a second round and that was after asking a busboy to help find him. He avoided any eye contact as he walked the restaurant and made himself impossible to flag down. I'll be the first to sympathize with an overworked waiter if they at least seem to care about providing good service. Our waiter was pretty much a sack of flour for all the effort he put into his job. It was a huge disappointment that undercut how great the food was. As a side note, we were there to celebrate my birthday. We didn't tell the staff as we were not trying to make any extra fuss, we just picked Anteprima as a special evening for ourselves to celebrate. I'd be upset about poor service any time, but it was an extra letdown that the place we picked to spend a special evening was such a bust. I even ordered our dessert course when the main course was brought as I half-joked to my boyfriend, "who knows when we might see our waiter again?" Not a good sign when table conversation turns to laughing about how bad the waiter is. In short, the food was great and I may visit again in the distant future (and I'll walk right back out the door if I see that waiter again). But in the meantime there are a lot of places in Andersonville that I'll be trying before I come back to Anteprima.
