Honestly I would give it a 3.5... but I won't be stingy. The Purple Pig was recommended by a foodie friend who claimed this was quite possibly the best meal he has ever had- naturally I had to try it. Knowing the it's on Mag. Mile, my friend and I showed up for an early dinner (5:50pm), was greeted with pleasant smiles and informed that there would be a 20- 25 minute wait. By New York wait time standard, that's equivalent to immediate seating. We were provided with a drink and a server took our orders while we waited on the outside benches (it would had been almost pleasant if it wasn't so incredibly humid). I had the Il Saggio gin based with sage syrupy and my friend had the prosseco based specialty cocktail (exact name escapes me). Il Saggio was delicious with very balanced, true sage flavor, which was surprisingly refreshing for the summer.  Like clockwork, we were seated within the 20 minutes of arrival on the outside patio, which was cool by two industrial fan. It made the 80+ degree and 70% humidity somewhat tolerable (hey , don't judge I grew up in Southern California- low humidity tolerance) For dinner we ordered: the salt roasted beets with goat cheese, Caesar salad (not my choice), sirloin tip and the octopus. For some reason or another we were served the Caesar salad first and the beets last, an order I found a little strange. Food wise:  Caesar salad of romaine, spinach, quail eggs and house anchovies was least memorable. I don't remember much spinach in the actual salad and found it to be a slightly over -dressed. The surprise factor was the 'freshness' of the house-cure anchovies, which was not overwhelming & overly salted. Octopus with green beans and fingerling potatoes was our second dish of the night. It was stellar! The octopus was so tender and caramelized and was perfectly compliment by the salsa verde. I could eat one order by myself. Sirloin Tip- tender, nicely prepared dressed with a marrow dressing that really heighten the meaty flavor and add a ton of richness. This was balanced out by green olives and red onion. Overall it was a good steak dish. Roasted Salted Beets- roasted beets and goat cheese, which is a classic combination. The chopped pistachio was nice touch. So good food, fantastic cocktail and friendly services puts it at 4 star for me. Next time, I will definitely be more adventurous with the order.
