I cant believe Im just reviewing Xoco now...its funny b/c the first time I went there was earlier this year, right when I had just opened my Yelp account. Months later I have returned, and the quality of food has definitely not changed...if anything its gotten better! My first time there I had the pleasure of having not 1, but 2 tortas! I opted for the Ahogada and the Pepito. The Ahogada is definitely one of my favorites, if not THE favorite at Xoco. It is served in a bowl which the torta comes in, halved and stood upright. Consisting of pork carnitas, black beans, a tomato broth and spicy arbol chile sauce, you are in for a treat. Trust me when I say, you will be repeatedly dipping in this sauce! You have the option of getting it to taste (i.e. mild, spicy, super spicy), I got it very spicy =). The Pepito is easily my 2nd favorite here at Xoco, but then again I have yet to sample the rest of the special menu during the week. The Pepitos protein comes in the form of braised Tallgrass shortribs, caramelized onions, artisan Jack, black beans and pickled jalapenos. If that following rundown of accoutrement didnt get your mouth salivating, I dont know what will! Im glad I tried the both of these tortas!On a side note, the Jamon torta is worth an honorable mention. Definitely get this w the fried egg! On this particular pilgrimage however, I was joined by both my brothers and our friend, as we were in anticipation for some good eats. Having been there before, I assured the bunch that they were in for a treat. Walking through the front door, you could smell the wave of aroma coming through this establishment. Did I mention I saw Rick Bayless on this visit!?This time, I chose the Cochinita Pibil (yes, only one torta this time). Which is suckling pig and achiote, black beans, pickled onion, and habanero. The habanero comes on the side in the form or a sauce. **WARNING** if you like spicy, then you will LOVE the habanero sauce! Be warned! My only gripe my first trip here was that the accompanying sauces were not hot enough...the habanero is HOT! I made the mistake of dipping my first bite of cochinita completely in the sauce and taking a bite....Whoo! wow. very hot stuff.The house made chips and guac are definitely a must have as an accompanying side treat!The real delight though for all of us came at the end of the meal...yup...CHURROS! My youngest brother who I know personally LOVES churros was super stoked to try them. After finishing our meals, the churros came down with their soft serve. GET the side of soft serve to dip your churros in, you will not be sorry! There are a few other tortas I definitely want to try, but what really has my attention is their soups...they look massive and look equally as fulfilling as any of the tortas so Ill be sure to update my review after that. Also, they have a medley of hot chocolate drinks and sweet stuffs.Cash/card is accepted and there is the occasional line so be prepared to wait 30/45 mins. If the line isnt to your liking, cut straight to the register to order to go.
