the last time i dined at ssgs, my sister's friend was being a good sport and let me drive to get the hours necessary to show jesse white and the city of chicago that i deserved a license. my excellent driving was suddenly rewarded (as long as i could park the car between a shiny lexus and beaming beamer) with korean bbq. back then, ssgs was the greatest thing since sliced bread. i was in awe of all the many side dishes and ability to cook my own food. during my most recent trip home, i told my friend i needed to go back before i left. he told me of a bad experience he had there and i was immediately defensive, claiming it couldn't possibly be true. when our large-ish party got there, we dutifully took off our shoes and sat down at one of the "authentic experience" group tables. then it happened. after ordering, our server told us firmly that it wouldn't be enough food and we'd only get one collection of small appetite-whetters even though we requested four orders of meat (that each, technically, come with the small side plates). we only asked for one more helping of the small plates, but she said it wasn't happening. my sister kindly said that the meat was definitely enough as we had two small children who didn't eat much and that after going there so many times (and being a "good" eater), she knew how much our party would need. the waitress shook her head and started scribbling furiously, while speaking in harsh tones to her notepad. seeing this, my sister asked (again, kindly) if she could speak to the manager, as they have built a rapport over the years. our waitress said no and walked away. i sat there, flabbergasted. the food is good, but not as great as i remember it (probably since there was a sour taste in my mouth before we even started eating), the wait for the bathroom is still obscenely long as there is only one per gender, and by the time you leave the establishment, you smell like you've been frolicking in a korean bbq pit. not exactly attractive. i'm pretty impressed with myself though, because that parking lot is definitely tight in retrospect, and i pwn3d it that day in the early 2000s.
