Dined at Carnivale last night for the first time. We went there for the last day of Carnivale/Fat Tuesday celebration. We had a reservation for 7:00. We got there early (about 6:45) and had to wait about 10 minutes - not bad at all. We were seated in the main dining area at a four person table (we were only two). The dining room is bright and colorful and just sitting there raised my mood. We opted to do the a la cart menu (not the restaurant week menu, which did not have very appetizing main course selections). I started with a hurricane to drink (to celebrate fat Tuesday). Fairly strong and tasty, but it was only a special for the holiday. For the appetizers, we ordered the small Guacamole and it was very good. No spice to it and nothing really special about it, but the chips served with it were very good. We also ordered the Ropa Vieja and that was VERY good. The blend of spicy and sweet was perfect. Before our main entrees came out, I ordered another drink. This time I opted for the coconut mojito, which was one of their specialties. It was very good and quite refreshing. It was very difficult to pick an entre; there were so many great selections. I opted for the Churrasco, which was delicious. Honestly, I didn't even know what I was eating. The meat was cooked perfectly and very flavorful. It came on a bed of something mashed, which had a bit of sweetness to it. The combination was very good. My husband opted for the Bife Angosto. I think we thought that my meat was more flavorful, but his side of Yukon gold and purple potatoes was very good. They did have some entertainment for the holday: a few dancers, a band, a stilt walker, and others. I enjoyed the lively atmosphere. We had no trouble with the service, which seems to be a common complaint of yelp reviewers. We were seated quickly, our food came out in the perfect amount of time, and our waiter was attentive. Though the bar and waiting area seemed incredibly crowded, they do a great job of spacing the tables in the main dining room, so you never feel smashed together. It is not a cheap place (our bill was $140 w/tip), but it was well worth it!
