If anyone out there is looking for a justification to the arm and leg paid for a dinner at Alinea, let this be it. Although the cost of one dinner at this place may not be so easily digested, let me assure you it is an experience worth having. To be completely honest, I was nervous about eating at Alinea for the first time. My boyfriend and I decided to prepare for a night of food sin. We did the 25-course meal, the larger of the 2 choices. We were pleasantly surprised, after walking through the spaceship-like entrance, to be seated in a very intimate white room, much resembling the family room in my grandmother's house. The room held about 6 small tables seating 2-4 people. The wait staff was very informative and friendly, humoring us and our lack of knowledge of the wine selection with background information about the vineyards and years of all the wines and even some fun information about special curing of a couple of the wines. The food itself was incredible. Even if you are not blown away by the flavor of each and every course, there is a lot of thought and work going into every dish which is very apparent. There is at least a respect factor involved. Every course started with an in-depth description of the course and instructions on the best way to eat it. I don't want to spoil any of the surprises, but I WILL say the dishes tend to touch on all the senses. It is obvious that all senses have been thoroughly considered in the creation process. The quiet and calm environment, in which there is purposely no background music, was very relaxing and my boyfriend and I were able to fully enjoy each other's company as well as this esculent adventure. I definitely recommend that the foodies and appreciators of food art experience this restaurant at least once in their lifetimes. There are a couple of funny surprises towards the end of the dinner. If my description of the restaurant sounds at all stuffy, let me assure you that it is not. I had a great, fun, unforgettable experience at Alinea. It was what I expected it to be and more. Go for it, it's worth it! I promise.
