I'm so happy Logan Square has a new, awesome restaurant/bar for all of us to frequent this summer. We arrived one Friday evening for a nice meal and we were greeted by a small wait. Longman & Eagle isn't huge, so expect a small wait when you know that you want to eat dinner. We cozied up to the bar and perused their extensive list of drinks. Of course, this is a whiskey bar. If you love whiskey, you will absolutely love Longman & Eagle. The list is enormous and, honestly, I have no clue what most of it is since I'm not a whiskey connoisseur. However, those of my friends who do imbibe this drink say that the list is fantastic, so I'll trust them. The list of wines and beers is equally as impressive, as far as I'm concerned, so I chose to drink local and get something from Two Bros. Brewery. They have a ton of cocktails and their bartenders will gladly make recommendations, especially if you're in the mood for some whiskey. We only had to wait about 15 minutes for a table, so we were seated in a cozy little corner of the restaurant. As a warning, the space between tables is almost non-existent, so prepare to sit very close to the other diners around you. If this bothers you, I probably wouldn't come here for dinner. Just saying. We started our meal off with some Country Pt - it was pretty good but a bit on the salty side. I've definitely had better, but this was pretty good for something I didn't even expect to be on their menu. I decided on the Kobe Burger for my entree and was less than impressed. The burger was good (hey, it's Kobe beef) but I asked for it cooked 'medium' and it was almost entirely well-done. I feel like I can be totally picky about that considering it's a good meat and it shouldn't really be overdone. The burger was still good (especially with all the fixins and the fries on the side) but it could have been better had it not been almost burnt by the time I got it.  We had a good dessert of banana something or other and really enjoyed it. It was a nice end to a really nice meal. I'm excited that LS has a new bar in the area, but beware: it gets packed pretty easily and there's an even longer wait for dinner if you come in around 8 or 8:30. The weekends are super busy and I'm not sure if you can eat at the bar, so you may have to wait. There's almost no free street parking in the area anymore, so you'll want to take the L (the LS Blue Line stop is across the street) or park in the Pay Box parking lot across the street. If you're unimpressed with the wait, you can always step next door to El Cid 2 and get a table outside on their patio.
