Dear Graham, You had me at truffle oil popcorn. Your staff didn't bring just one basket, no. We finished it in 5 minutes flat and they kindly brought us a second basket! How could I possibly say "no"? Yes, I do love truffle anything and would probably seriously consider purchasing truffle scented lotion if it were on the market, but truffle popcorn? Simply delicious. I could go on and on about the foie lollipops too. Melt in your mouth goodness with a little sparkle of pop rocks. After my mouth watering treats the BF and I got down to business. We considered the 5-course tasting meal but none of our "must order" items were on the list so instead we ordered everything a la carte. Here was our breakdown: *Buffalo Chicken deconstructed with celery 5 ways - what you can do that many crazy things to celery? I guess so. The meat was tender and succulent and the Stella Artois foam though interesting didn't dazzle my tastebuds *Scallop - this is one huge scallop with some potato salad & fried pickles on the side *Pork Chop - wow. Can pork be cooked this delicately? I was expecting a huge chop o meat, but instead was greeted with small cuts of pork that melted in my mouth. *Bison skirt steak - our server described this as "Cowboys and Indians on a plate". I thought it was an interesting concept. The steak was really tender. *Deconstructed strawberry shortcake - beautiful presentation, the strawberry gelato was wonderful...there really was not enough of this dessert for two people though! Ok Graham, now I know you're scratching your head wondering why I didn't give you my full 5-star rating right? Well your food is great, your decor is interesting (I feel like you could have pushed the envelope a bit more but maybe you wanted to keep things clean so the food was the star right?), but your service? It needs work. Like my Yelp colleagues have mentioned here they just aren't all that attentive. Sure the busser with the food have an excellent and passionate description of what we were about to eat, but our waiter? Nice, but he kind of forgot about us and left to go chat with his compatriots in the corner. This is the kicker...we were celebrating my BFs b-day and I wanted it to be special...I put that in my Opentable reservation. Didn't you see that? I mentioned something when I went to pay the check and the waiter brought out some champagne. Thanks but a little late. I probably will come back and visit you to see what's on tap next, because let's face it you're one talented guy and you cook some rockin food. Fondly, Robyn T.
