This was the best meal I've had in Chicago in a LONG time.  It's taken me a while to make my way over to Longman & Eagle, but I'm glad that I finally did. I am basing my 5 stars on the food and beverage selection alone. When we arrived, my boyfriend and I were in a celebratory mood and wanted to have some tasty food, good drinks, and just have a fun time. After drooling over the menu for a few minutes, the waitress came over and we started off with a drink order. We ordered a $15 sour beer (the name escapes me) expecting a 750ml bottle to share. Turned out to be a normal sized beer so we sent it back because come on, who spends $15 on a regular ol' beer? I think she was annoyed with us from then on, but that didn't stop our experience from being great. We started with the buffalo frog legs which were the let down of the meal. They tasted just like buffalo wings paired with some sort of airated blue cheese. They were fine, but I regret not getting the meatballs and polenta to start. Since everything on the menu sounded amazing, we decided to order and share 3 small plates for our meal. Great decision. We got to try lots of great food - great quality, expertly prepared, delightful dishes. They had one dish come at a time which was just perfect. We got the Seared Maine Scallops first and they melted in my mouth. I wish there were more! But minutes after we cleaned that plate came the Quail and Dumplings. Delightful. The best dish came last - which was a recommendation from the waitress. I never thought I'd say that I loved me some pig head, but holy smokes this dish stole the show. If you go, you MUST try the tete du Cochon. You will not regret it. Wow, it melted in my mouth, the 5 spice mustard sauce was so good that I want to sneak in at night and steal the recipe. Wow, just wow. We had a little room left so got some dessert. Another suggestion of the waitress, the banana bread pudding (not sure if that is the exact name) but this dessert was the perfect end to a perfect meal. I told the table next to us that they had to order it. I dig this place. The dining room is the perfect size, the staff is friendly enough, you can see the barage of chefs working in the open kitchen, they carry a good drink menu (with much more than just whiskey), and amazing food.  If you want a really good meal, check this place out. You will leave happy.
