I only left off the last star because the place could use a few more vegetarian-friendly options. However, what they do have is pretty terrific. I've been there twice already, and I knew then that I would come back many times, even if it is just to have the same thing over and over. I can safely say I've never had a tastier pretzel than the one I tried that first night at Revolution. You know it's not something that was ready-made to pop into the microwave, and the mustard was just as tangy and piquant as I like a good dipping mustard to be. Warm, soft, filling...yuuuuummmm!!! I also had the sweet potato cakes. The sauce that covers them tastes as authentic as any Indian masala sauce found in a Devon St. Indian restaurant, which was a totally on-point red curry cream sauce. The veggie chili wasn't spectacular, but it was still good and got its point across. The second visit is what really sold me on the place. This time, I chose the tempeh reuben, something that I've been wanting to try ever since I saw this one chick chomping on one the last time I was at Earwax Cafe. Holy moly! I'm going to start with the salad. You wouldn't expect a brewery to come out and give you a kick-ass salad, but they did. It was a large one, there was no iceberg lettuce in it, it was chock full of a variety of veggies, and it was just good. Good, good, goody-good, good! Now onto the sandwich. The sauerkraut was crisp and tangy with just the right amount of vinegary goodness that you want in a sauerkraut without the sogginess of the cabbage that you can usually expect. The pumpernickel bread was lightly toasted and the perfect companion to the rich flavors of the tempeh. The sandwich was so filling that I had to force myself to finish the whole thing, actually, that's not totally accurate. It was so tasty that I didn't want to stop eating it in spite of being more stuffed than a Christmas goose. I'm not even that big of a drinker these days, but I was also a fan of the drink called the "Stray Bulliet," a drink made with Bulliet Bourbon, which I happen to be a fan of. It was a mixed drink that didn't sacrifice the taste of either the liquor or sweet stuff it was mixed with, which I think was a ginger and lemon simple syrup. Needless to say, this is definitely a new go-to spot for me. My stomach was immensely pleased. Staff is friendly and service is pretty good, especially considering the popularity of the establishment. Oh, and for those who'd say it's not revolutionary, take the time to read about who's behind the place, what their philosophy is, and how local so much of what we consume there is. They are the first restaurant that I've seen that supports one of our local distilleries, Koval, in addition to the local microbreweries in the area (Goose Island is a no-brainer) in addition to their own beer. Good food by good people who care about what we eat. They're getting more of my money, guilt-free.
