Thank God for Foodies. Thank God for Chicago friends like my buddy Marc, born and raised in the vast megalopolis of Chicagoland. My foodie friend Jeanne knew all about Rick Bayless, and that this was his flagship Chicago restaurant, and Marc knew where we could get metered parking downtown (if you know how much parking costs in downtown Chicago, you'll appreciate that mystical knowledge), and on a day where the windchill was approaching zero (that's absolute zero, I mean), we arrived to find a woman already standing there, waiting for the doors to open. We went to a nearby Starbucks for a moment to warm up and when we returned a few minutes later, not only were the doors open, the restaurant was rapidly filling up. Now I know why: We started out with Trio Trio Trio, three ceviches; one with tiny cubes of sunfish, one shrimp and avocado, and one tiny cubes of tuna. Each tiny taste was an explosion of super fresh sashimi-quality fish, with the taste of lime, chiles, blood orange, and other supernatural ingredients. This, along with a deceptively smooth margarita, and suddenly, you realize that it's not cold anymore, it's warm, and you're surrounded by the rich reds, yellows, and oranges of Mexico - indeed, you are surrounded by Mexican art that makes you wonder what else might be in those margaritas. The three of us decided to go three different directions with our entrees so we could sample each others. I got the Wednesday special, suckling pig slowly roasted in banana leaves. SO tender! SO savory! SO rich, I needed my friends to help me finish it. The velvety black beans that accompanied it were perfect, the habanero sauce was nuclear fusion hot. My foodie friend Jeanne got the wild-caught Alaskan king salmon, chipotle glazed with a peanut and chile sauce that was mild, but still out of this world. My Chicago native pal Marc got a carne asada that defies its ordinary sounding name, like maybe !CARNE! !ASADA! - it was possibly the best thing out of all three of our entrees. Wood grilled and charred, sealing in a spicy red chile, blood red and tender on the inside, it came with guacomole, fried plantains, and some more velvety black beans. My crazy friends wanted desert, so they ordered a heavenly dulce leche chocolate cake that was so light, it nearly levitated off the plate. I could only take the smallest bite because I was so full, I was afraid I might fall off my chair. We rolled out of there, happy that we'd had maybe the best of all of our very, very good Chicago meals.
