Do you ever stay up at night planning in your head how you are going to write out your next Yelp review? No? Ok that could be just me, but I did it anyway last night for my review of Gejas. And now here it is... More like 3.5 stars, but since I am in love with Fondue I'll bump it up to 4 stars. Valet was easy and only $10 and we didn't have to wait for a table (it was a Tuesday night mind you). Luckily we got seated next to the window so lighting was not an issue. What was an issue was the table we sat at...it was tiny and the waiter was constantly moving things around to make room for the food. We got the Premier Dinner which is their 4 course meal. Do it...you will thank me later. Also, they have their own house brand wine which is much less expensive and still decent. Get this too...once again you will thank me. Cheese course - Delcious! came with bread, apples and grapes Salad - Had a honey mustard vinegarette as the dressing. Sweet with a small bitter bite. Very good but it was just lettece and cucumbers. No tomatoes, carrots, or spinach. Boring if you ask me. Entree - I had the beef with chicken and my boyfriend had the beef, lobster tail and shrimp combo. Veggies included mushrooms, broccoli, peppers (scrore! They had green, red and yellow ones!), potatoes and onions. Now my gripe about the meat is that it was not cut evenly. Some pieces were super small and some were so large that I had to cook the piece for a few min, then take it out to cut it in half, to finally put it back in the oil to make sure it was all the way cooked. Also, my boyfriend only got one piece of shrimp and not much meat. I think getting just 2 things to the combo means you get more meat. Dessert - Ok, I am not embarrassed to say that usually I ask for a spoon and scrape the bottom of the chocolate fondue pot. But this time, I actually didn't even want to eat the chocolate. It tasted like they took Hershey syrup, squeezed it into the pot and warmed it up. Yuck! And the pound cake bites were so small they broke off it the fondue pot never to be seen again! For all the hype I was disappointed. I expected more, though I do have to say the service was great. Waitstaff was friendly and tried very hard to get our fondue pot back to boiling temperature when the air came on and blew out our flame! (ladies, bring a sweater....it does get cold in there!) But any place that you have to use a flashlight to see your food automatically gets -1 star in my book! Long story short....so would I go back?? Yes...maybe....because I do love me some fondue!
