As a former Chicago native I have dined at Gino's on Superior hundreds of times in my life. After being away for a couple of years I could not wait to get back home and dine at one of my favorite spots of all time. What...a disappointment. The pizza is still as delicious as ever, but the wait staff was incredibly rude (borderline nasty). During my recent stay I visited Gino's twice both times being an absolutely horrific experience. The first night we arrived 45 minutes prior to their closing time. The waiter came to the table literally 30 seconds after we were seated insisting that we put our order in immediately. We asked him if we could have a few minutes to look at the menu and I thought this guy was going to have a nervous breakdown at our table. He informed us the pizza's take 45 minutes to cook and our order must be placed right away. You could tell this guy was highly annoyed, and this made us feel very uncomfortable. OK, so we ordered a large pizza with Sausage and mushroom. The waiter insisted we don't need a large and that a medium is more then enough for 4 people. We let him know we would like to take some home with us and held our ground. 45 minutes later, he brings us out a MEDIUM pizza with sausage minus the mushroom. Needless to say we were not happy. When we reported we received the wrong pizza, this guy had the nerve to stand his ground telling all 4 of us we never ordered mushroom, and that the cook had to make us a medium due to time constraints? we asked for the manager and were told a manager was not on duty.  We were also informed that the kitchen was closing in 5 minutes and there was no time to remake our pizza. At this point all 4 of us became quite upset. the waiter took $5.00 bucks off of our check and said that is all he could do. So you figure that everyone gets bad service once in awhile and you can't really let that stop you from ever going back to a place that you love. With this mind set we decided to give Gino's another try. So 3 nights later we made a pilgrimage back to Gino's, this time with a friend who is on a glutton free diet. So get this...We were seated 1 hour and 10 minutes prior to closing. The minute we were seated the waitress appears demanding to get our pizza order in right away. I told her that two of our friends were in the restroom and we just sat down and need some time to figure out what we would like. The waitress still pushed us to place our order with our friends away. She seemed VERY annoyed that she would have to come back. This woman was miserable. The minute our friends returned she reappeared demanding our order. When my friend inquired about glutton free options the waitress was clearly clenching her jaw - She had the nerve to state that Gino's doesn't cater to glutton free diets and although they offer a glutton free pizza, it is not made fresh and that it was "terrible". So again we ordered a large pizza, and again we were told a medium is enough for 4 people. Again we held our ground saying we still would like the large, and this time we were delivered a ... SMALL.... pizza! A small pizza for 4 people? Really?  Does that even make sense? Then this waitress had the nerve to insist we ordered a small! Of course the kitchen was closed and they could not do it over. OMG. Talk about bad service. Why does this place even offer a menu? Why don't they have their unfortunate wait staff just order for you? Is there anyone managing this place? Going over other reviews it seems that a rude wait-staff is the norm. I don't get it. This place has turned into an absolute horror. With all the great pizza options in Chicago, I am gladly giving this place 1 star and will never go back.
