This is the not-so-secret best place to eat lunch by Navy Pier - period. Located at the southeast corner of McClurg Court and Illinois, Fox & Obel is the Dean & Delluca of Chicago. It's selection of produce, meats, seafoods, and prepared foods are second to none. What Whole Foods makes up in quantity, Fox & Obel makes in quality. They play to the tourists, but definitely make sure the upscale neighborhood is served with staples and basics that rival a real European market. PRODUCE - a varietal selection of produce makes it easy for anyone who wants to cook (i.e. CAN cook) to get everything you need here, and most anything you can't find. Baby carrots (trimmed just like the restaurant), Belgian endive, artichokes, raw horseradish (I never see this) are just some of the gems outside of the staples.  MEAT - American Kobe beef - they have it here, by the slab or by the steak at half the Kobe price (real Kobe beef is $100+/lb), and the rest of the meat is of extrememly high quality (U.S.D.A Choice). All the beef, pork and chicken is beautifully presented and easy to get. All definitely priced above the Dominicks around the corner. SEAFOOD - The key, you can't SMELL that they have a seafood department. It's next to the chicken case and again impeccably managed. Giant scallops, obviously fresh, with a light pink color to it (really fresh scallops are a bit pink, not WHITE and not grey).  BREAD - My new place to get REAL French bread. Crust - crackles at the break, firm but crunchy, not chewy like italian bread. The interior is light, not spongey, but not cakey - JUST RIGHT. At $2.00/baguette, I wanna buy it all.  And this is JUST the French bread. The bakery has all types of whole grains, boules, cakes, pastries, etc.  OH, NO... - A gourmet candy bar - in the center of the store, lies an adult child's dream. You DON'T need the calories, you're not hungry, but look at all the pretty colors, candy that an adult-who-still-has-a-sweet-tooth would make, and so many POUNDS of it! A single attendant, surrounded by large 5 gallon glass jars 3 rows DEEP of every chocolate, chocolate covered fruit (strawberries, blueberries, cherries and pears), chocolate cover gummies (dark and WHITE chocolate), and other such concoctions. There are even premium chocolate chips with % of chocolate in them. CAVEATS NO PARKING unless you pay, and that will cost you. Walk or bike. Don't drive. Also, this is where RICH PEOPLE shop everyday since they have money to BURN. This is not Whole Paycheck, this is a Tiffany & Co. Grocery. So why visit there at all if its so pricey? If you need something, they will have it. And it will be fresh and nearly perfect.
