Finally checked them out and it happened to be on half price burger Tuesday night. We got there late so there wasn't any wait for a table. There is a beer garden in the rear but it was too quiet out there. Got a table inside and they had a DVD playing of a rock concert at full blast. I want to say it was speed metal, not sure, but I liked it. My dinner buddy is a fan of dance music so he wasn't much into the style of the place, its music or the cute tattooed bar wenches.  My buddy is a burger purist in the sense that it's all about the meat and the burger alone. He got their most plain Jane cheeseburger and wasn't impressed. He's a fan of meat, ha ha not like that. Seriously though, if we were at a burger bar which offered grass fed, nitrate free, yadda yadda, he'd probably more appreciate that. Or the likes of Five guys, where you can order a decent cheeseburger and it's about the meat and cheese. Me on the other hand, I had the "Electric chair", my tongue salivates as I mouse over their online menu, rehashing the memory in my mind. It was a long night and we were starved. I don't typically go for sauteed onions on my burger but with the other toppings it worked. Jalapenos, hot sauce and blue cheese crumbles also accompanied. In case, I kept a side of ketchup and mustard for random dipping. Meat alone, it was a hulking patty that was mostly tasteless, if there was seasoning I didn't taste it. With the toppings, it was tasty.  I could see returning for the atmosphere and trying another burger. If you are a fan of wild toppings for a burger, it's a must. However if loud music, loud metal music or taste of the meat only, are main factors for you, then you beware. With the plethora of burger bars in Chicago, this place sets itself on the side with its rock personality. It's loud and obnoxious like many of their burger toppings. Cool staff, cool owner which by random occasion we got to meet and just a more welcoming atmosphere than another popular rock type burger joint which I don't have to name.
