This review is for special events. Although I have eaten at the restaurant, very good, I couldn't recall what I ate so I wasn't compelled to write anything. This event was an office party held in the huge outdoor patio, which is perfumed by lillys and other beautifully maintained flora, we were greeted with antipasti, and a wine tasting to start us off. The wines were all Italian and ranged from a rose to a Barbaresco. All four wines were mid range quality but perfect for this kind of event. The restaurants wine buyer led individuals through the four wines and showed great patience at the new comers that would infiltrate the line half way through. The Antipasti consisted of perfectly roasted eggplants, onions, squashes, asparagus and beets, there were two unmemorable cheeses and a nice creamy pecorino, crusty bread of course and an olive tasting. A very nice easy to schmooze beginning.  A large communal table was set up in the shade and other tables of 6 were set up around the patio, the kitchen began bringing courses out family style, not the family style I grew up on either. First was Barrata cheese and proscuito ,then figs and proscuito, a wonderful asparagus risotto, there was whole wheat penne in rich tomato sauce, but not drenched, just enough sauce to let the pasta shine. The main course came next with a decadent roasted pork with crispy skin and an herbacious undertone. To liberate my palate from the unctious pork, a platter of Branzino (mediterranean sea bass) was dropped before me with a light lemon sauce and cooked wonderfully. What impressed me the most about the food was that the first communal table started its samplings an hour before my table was set, the kitchen responded flawlessly and all the food was outstanding. For dessert a table was set with canape's stuffed with creme anglaise and berries, chocolate sauce and hazel nuts, several biscoti and a few more things frankly I couldn't cram into my gullet.  Why only 4 stars a few of the planners stated the entire patio was to be reserved, but the restaurant served a few diners in the back of the patio, a few of the guests didn't like the tables being set up for regular service before 5 o'clock, the time we were supposed to be out, but this is typical for a party like this, also guests seemed confused by the service, and didn't understand how and where to eat but once again that may not have been the fault of Piccolo Sogno. I highly recommend them for dining and for catering , and the patio is really more than you will expect.
