Steak. Steak. Steak. Restaurant Week provided a very good excuse to check out Ruth's Chris Steak House for the first time. THE REVIEW "I don't wanna trip, but the truth is Girl the way you cook a steak Remind me of the strips at Ruth's Chris" Fabolous Ruth's Chris is so popular that it managed to work its way into one rapper Fabolous' songs. Ruth's def has its loyalists. This place was fully packed when I went for my 9:15 res. The decor is very old school: dark wood, green carpet, mirrors everywhere, lamp shades, dim lighting. But it isn't old school in that Manhattan Upper East Side way. It's a marketed version of old school for the masses---something to convey Ruth's legacy in the galaxy of steak. People were having fun. The restaurant had a very young clientele for Restaurant Week. I think this helped the energy in the restaurant. There weren't any "suits" in the dining room. I took a friend here because Ruth's had one of the best deals in town: a first course, a 12 oz Prime Ribeye steak or Salmon, choice of side, and dessert for $32. The competition didn't even come close to this. Most steaks weighed in at 7 oz or less. That's good if you eat like a bird. Peter Luger's has its steak sauce. Bobby Flay and Craft have their dry rubs. Others have a marinade. Others gently smoke their steaks over a wood fired grill. What about Ruth's? Are you taking notes? Ruth's steaks are broiled at 1800 degrees with butter. That's it. Period. Wow. Meat cooked in butter? Really? Last time I checked, almost 90% of everything in an upsacle restaurant is cooked in butter. What's the big deal? They crust their steak with some butter rub or something? It's called a seasoned butter. It's one of the first things you learn in cooking school. Yeah...real "special." It's not rocket science. Still, steak broiled in butter sounds good to me (heart risks aside). I ordered the Louisiana Gumbo, the Ribeye with creamed spinach, and the Bread Pudding. The Gumbo was nothing special. It was lukewarm which was annoying. The flavor was okay---bordering on a little too salty. The steak was very good. The portion was a hearty slab of fat-capped Prime beef. It arrives sizzling on a hot plate. They cooked the meat a perfect medium pink in the center. The meat was tender and juicy. The flesh was saturated in butter flavor almost as if they had injected the meat. They did a good job of seasoning with salt as well. That cow can rest in his grave knowing that Ruth's chefs honored his noble sacrifice. The creamed spinach was bland and way too runny. They added too much bechamel sauce. Dessert was disappointing. The bread pudding was a bit too dense. The flavor was one dimensional. The service was very good considering how busy the restaurant was. The hostess was very warm and welcoming. The server was attentive and the back servers kept our water glasses full. The food is very rich. My stomach was def pushing the limits of how much fat it could handle in one sitting. So I do understand why some people find the food a bit overwhelming. The final verdict is good. I came for that 12 oz ribeye and they nailed it. So it doesn't bother me that the rest of the meal was mediocre. Props to Ruth's Chris for being one of the few participating restaurants in Restaurant Week that delivered value and quality within the $32 menu pricing. Ruth's Chris steak isn't the best, but it is solid. Just be prepared to hit the treadmill afterwards.
