This place is absolutely amazing, honestly. Chicago is one of my favorite places (my husbands too) and when we found out we had an opportunity to be here for 6 weeks for his job, we were beyond stoked (especially since it was summertime... I mean we love the city and all but we ARE from Cali... We don't do winters lol). We knew 6 weeks here meant 2 things 1) Spending a ridiculous amount of money on bars, clubs, events and 2) Spending a ridiculous amount of money on food. When we were looking for something to eat one night and we our normal routine... Named off random types of food. And for us it's not your standard American food or chains we pick from, it's usually ethnic or exotic food. A few months back we were in Florida and had some Cuban food to die for.. And decided to test the waters here in Chicago. We are so glad we did!! I called in to see what the wait was on a Friday night about 3 weeks ago and was told 35 mins. We proceeded there and ended up being sat instantly (a table was getting up as we walked in - score!) We started off with an appetizer because we were starving. Empandas: (3) chorizo, beef and spinach & cheese. Nothing amazing, but still quite good. Our dinner however was delish!! My hubby ordered the churasco and I ordered the lechon. One of the best meals we'd had in a long time!! Everything was amazing! And finishing off the plate with the always satisfying maduros (sweet plantains) is a real treat. We ordered a cup of Cuban coffee (I love that they sweeten it for you and it is ALWAYS perfect no matter what Cuban place you go to!) A man started speaking to us and come to find out he was the owner. Why he chose to speak to us out of everyone in there (it was PACKED), I have no idea - just lucky I guess! He was excited to find out it was our first visit and that we were satisfied customers. He was so nice and gave us a tour of the place, showed us some artwork, told us a bit about his background and told us when we came back to ask for him by name. All in all we had a wonderful experience and plan on going again this week before our extended stay here is up. Oh, and this time we will be partaking in the BYOB we had no idea was available!
