I took my girlfriend here for dinner on a Saturday. The experience was great. In terms of ambiance, definitely reminded me of other trendy Asian fusion restaurants, like Tao, but certainly felt very "in" and hot, and I think it's important that you feel like you're somewhere hip and cool. This place is in and trendy right now. As soon as you walk in, you are greeted by very attractive staff, which is always a plus, and they seem very purposeful in ensuring your table is prepared in an adequate amount of time. In the meantime, you head to the bar. The cocktail list is pretty great...they make an awesome Manhattan, I think they call it the 110. Highly recomend it. My gf had a Mai Thai, and it was hilariously served in an over-sized glass goblet, Hawaiin style...pretty sure they tried to drown her in booze, but it was certainly exactly what Saturday called for. The service was splendid. Not overbearing, but just enough to ensure nothing was left amiss within the menu. Personal favorites were called out as well as a general order of operations ---sometimes asian food is hard to interpret in terms of appetizer versus second course etc and here they make sure your meal flows smoothly. For apps, we ordered the ox-tail pot stickers and loompya. I have to admit, this was the sole part of the experience that I wasn't completely psyched about. The pot stickers were quite average, I found them to lack flavor. The loompya were described as a mix of pork/shrimp, a play on the traditonal egg roll, but I found the pork to completely overwhelm the palate, and I didn't like that -- my gf did tho... : / We decided to stick with sushi. The truffled tuna sashimi is to DIE FOR!!! It honestly melts in your mouth and its flavor is incredible. So good that we ordered a second serving!!! For rolls we had the Lobster Wyagu, Caterpillar, and Dragon. They were all excellent! All in all, the experience was awesome. Great service, great ambiance, and great food. I had to dock it a star for the apps and because this place does delivery --- wtf? That honestly made me question it as a choice initially...delivery screams budget! So glad I came here and plan on returning soon!
