We went here for breakfast, which apparently is a well-kept secret. We were told to sit wherever we wanted. It took awhile for someone to wait on us, so the service is more leisurely than other places. The menu is very limited--maybe 10 or 12 different items. They have good coffee, but no fresh juice. They tell you you can get a bottle of something from the refrigerated cases. We got our meals and they were amazing! I had the egg and ham artopita. It has a reasonable amount of ham and cheese and sauted vegetables on a flaky toasted croissant-like roll, along with a huge amount of freshly-cut fruit. I couldn't believe I was getting a nice light BALANCED meal! There was so much fruit, I had to get a box. My husband had the french toast, which they serve with honey. (Since this is not a "regular" breakfast place, I suspect they don't serve pancake syrup.) The french toast is made with a brioche bread with fresh mixed berries on the side. My husband loved it!!! He said it was light and not heavy and greasy like at other restaurants we go to. Hours later, he was still talking about how good that meal was. He said it is definitely a keeper, and I agree. The atmosphere seems like European cafe-style--casual and leisurely. It is not very crowded for breakfast, so it isn't loud and people aren't on top of each other like at other places. Of course there was no wait for a table, but keep in mind it's "slow and leisurely"--not the place to go if you are pressed for time. Definitely go here if you like a more subdued old-country atmosphere. After we ate, we browsed the display plates they were preparing for lunch, the very impressive wine selection, the delicious-looking breads and pastries, and the jars of sheep and goat butter, which I may try one day. The breakfast menu is on their website at the end of their "regular" menu. We've had lunch and dinner here, but I can't believe we never thought of coming here for breakfast. In addition, we also spent a lot less than we do at other sit-down places. This place is a gem!
