Returned for a second time on Christmas Eve with the family at around 6pm. They seated us right away in a corner right next to the sushi bar, considering we had a party of six, the seating arrangements worked perfectly for us. Started with appetizers and cocktails. Our waitress seemed to rush us a bit with ordering, not expecting us to have questions regarding the specials and assumed whatever dish we mentioned was one we wanted to order.  Our first appetizer was the Toast and Jam, which was gone within minutes. I'm pretty sure, my siblings were scraping the last bits of tuna out of the dish. The garlic noodles came next and if you are a fan of garlic, this is a dish you would not want to miss. The Devil's Basket was a dish recommended to my mother and recognized by our waitress as Chicago Magazine's dish of the year, so we of course had some high expectations as it was placed on the table. The soft shell crab served in bowl with about "50 roasted hot chili peppers," garlic and scallions, according to Kara, our waitress, was overwhelming spicy for my palate, but I am not big into spicy foods. However, not only was the heat a factor, I just did not find it to be anything outstanding.  The kobe beef lollipops were an appetizer that I had remembered and enjoyed from my first visit. I guess maybe the first time I had them, they were more flavorful but the second time around, they simply did not excite me. However... the few we brought home made for quite a satisfying late night snack. These were the last of our appetizers and we moved onto to the sushi.  The "Dynamite" roll was the night's special and caught the attention of everyone immediately as Kara explained it. What I can remember from it were the responses once we all tryed our first bite. Wow. "Amazing." "Phenomenal." Stuffed with crab and avocado, topped with scallops and shrimp. I could have finished the plate myself, but considering we still had about four more rolls on their way, I wanted to save room.  The scorpion, dragon, unagi and number nine were the rest of the rolls we sampled. Not being a fan of Eel, I did not try the unagi, however, those that did were in awe of how it just melted in the mouth. And let me tell you, these people know their sushi. The number nine was another favorite, but honestly, I don't think you can go wrong with any of their specialty rolls. None of ours went to waste. Wrapping up with dessert was a first for us, not having given it a chance during our first trip. I shared the "Ridiculous" with my sister and the rest of the family shared the cookie platter. Dear lord, the "ridiculous" was ridiculous. I don't think we stopped for air as we devoured it. I don't think I could tell you the specifics of the dish besides that it was ice cream covered with a tempura krispy batter and caramel sauce, but oh my, its got to be one of the best desserts I have ever had (and that's saying a lot, I like my dessert).  Overall, if you are an adventurous sushi fan, Sunda is not to be missed. Service was better the first time, but certainly nothing to deter you from the experience.
