The Bucktown/Wicker Park neighborhoods have become a hot spot for quality restaurants spanning a wide spectrum of cuisine. Just to name a few there is Ripasso for high end authentic Italian, Schwa for the wildest Michelin star meal imaginable, Violet Hour for creative cocktails in a chic ambiance, Big Star for tacos, Mindy's Hot Chocolate for James Beard winning desserts and so much more. While Chicago has the reputation for being a mecca for deep dish pizza, growing up on the East coast I have always preferred thin crust. Piece is widely regarded as one of Chicago's best thin crust pizza venues. As my condo was taken over by a large group of women (my wife was throwing a baby shower) I met up with a buddy for some pizza and beer (Piece is also a brewery and makes there own beer - but supplements their menu with additional craft beers). My prior visits to Piece have been during dinner where Piece is usually packed to the gills, extremely loud and has a lengthy wait for a table. They do open daily at 11:00am for lunch and I arrived just before opening and was the first inside. Piece has the ambiance of a typical microbrewery with the only difference being it is also a pizza joint. The main dining room is quite large, loud and there is a very casual ambiance (in fact one of the servers made for some good people watching; she looked kind of like Miley Cyrus will look like in a couple of years after she obtains a few more tattoos and piercings). There are several televisions (generally displaying sporting events) and the music plays a variety of Hip Hop and rock. The crowd is mainly young and with pizza being featured there are far more families with children (especially during the daytime) than at a typical brewery. We started off our lunch with a round of beer. I perked up a bit when our server asked for my ID thinking that perhaps there was a senior discount; I quickly slipped her a fake ID (as I am not quite yet a senior citizen) but alas she simply had somehow confused me as a teenager. Aside from this she provided us with fairly good service. At lunchtime the pizzas are quite a deal; they offer personal pizzas for just $6 to $8 (depending on the number of toppings). While if you have a hearty appetite you may need to order two (or an appetizer), they are decent sized for the price. There are a ton of toppings to choose from with your typical items as well as some interesting choices such as mashed potatoes. You also pick from three different styles of pizza - Red (traditional), White (no tomato sauce) and New Haven style (no mozzarella cheese). I opted for a "white" pizza with clams, mushrooms and bacon. The pizza was (as usual) flavorful and very good and the beers decent. If you are in the mood for some good thin crust pizza in a lively, energetic atmosphere Piece is a great choice. If you go in the evening (especially on a weekend) do be prepared to wait unless you arrive real early (or have a party of ten or larger in which case you can make a reservation). At least you can quaff some of their brewskis as you wait and engage in some good people watching to help pass the time.
