FAMOUS FOR: Superdawg (hot dog) (10/10) Hahahahah! I just surfed over to my Yelp profile page and it says "Your next review awaits..." and points to Superdawg, and I'm like...Wat? Of all the times I've been here, I never reviewed it? In disbelief, I went to my reviews and did a search for Superdawg and found that every hot dog joint I've ever reviewed...Superdawg was mentioned, and yet, I never actually reviewed the place! Whoa! THE BEST CHICAGO HOT DOG So, what's there left to say that hasn't been said yet? Your hot dog is served in a box, which reminds me of Animal Crackers for some reason. The hot dog is tucked away and the box is stuffed with crispy crinkle fries. The dog isn't a Vienna nor is it a Chicago Red Hot. It's its own thing. It's about the size of a Portillo's jumbo hot dog, but without Portillo's "chlorine" flavor (that everyone says I'm insane for saying). By the way, that "chlorine" flavor that only I seem to be able to taste is in Portillo's Jumbo hot dog only, not their regular sized one. In any case, it's your good ol' Chicago Hot Dog, with the dog, mustard, radioactive colored relish, celery salt, onions (blech! - I order without), pickle, and tomato...all on a flimsy bun. But the tomato isn't chopped red tomatoes, it's a small green pickled tomato. The reason I mention "flimsy bun" and also the reason why it doesn't lose points for it, is because I like the flimsy bun. Bread to me is simply the container that the hot dog rests in. It's necessary not only for that, but to help even out the intense salt in all that Superdawg, The problem is, a lot of places get it wrong, and the bun is too big or too intrusive. You get a nice hot dog flavor for awhile, and then the bun sorta takes over and cleans house. I don't like that. That's why I like Superdawg so much, because the bun does it's job (even out the intense salt) while not leaving much of a trace. The dog also is just incredible. I'm always amazed at the flavor of a Chicago Red Hot, given its size, but man, the Superdawg dog is just fabulous. The flavor is as intense as a Red Hot (even more so), and there's so much more of it! The only qualm is that sometimes, and it may actually be more of a mood thing than an actual Superdawg problem, the Superdawg can be a little too intense. Sometimes, the mustard, pickle, and pickled tomato sort of join forces, Power Rangers style, and it gets a little salty. Nothing that an ice cold Diet Coke or a few helping of fries can't fix, but if you have to do that, then what's the point? ALL IN ALL Even though it's probably the least Chicagoey of the famous Chicago Hot Dogs, this is my favorite Chicago Hot Dog! OH YEAH - CASH ONLY! - There is eat in, but just a tiny little area with counters and chairs. It's meant for you to eat in your car a-la Sonic.
