This is the 1st meal I had in Chicago! After seeing all the raving reviews on Rick Bayless and his 2 restaurants in Chicago, I made it my 1st stop :) Plus I'm a sucker for Mexican food! :) :) :) Man! The restaurant was packed for lunch! And it was a random Friday afternoon! Me and my mom had to wait at least 30 to 40 min to order! After being allowed to stare at the menu and all the food being cooked by an open fire, we knew exactly what we wanted when we got the counter. Since we missed brunch, we ordered off the lunch menu which comprised mostly of tortas. We ordered one of the "specials" - the Shrimp and Bacalao ($11) and one off the "regular" menu - the Woodland Mushroom Torta ($9). The Bacalao Torta had huge chunks of bacalao and shrimp covered in a light tomato puree topped with olives and capers. It was paired with a green verde salsa that gave this sandwich a nice tang! Unfortunately the bread was a bit soggy from all the tomato sauce. The Mushroom Torta was EVEN better! It came with wood-roasted garlic mushrooms, goat cheese, black beans and arugula. Just the ingredients themselves gave this torta a nice flavor. This was paired with a rusty chipotle sauce, giving it a nice kick! The bread was also crispier on this torta since it wasn't weighed down by too much sauce. Now on to the most important part of the meal - CHURROS!!! Ok, a little overpriced ($1.25) but welllll worth it! The churro was light and crispy - sugared juuuuust right :) I saw a few people order 3 and I regretted not doing so! LOL! We also got a "Almendrado" ($3.25) - to share. This hot chocolate is made from real chocolate powder and almond milk. Really thick and creamy = absolutely HEAVENLY. Overall, the food was great, but the wait was too long and the price a little too high for the tortas. The churros and hot chocolate on the other hand was well worth the 40 min wait! LOL.. And even to this day, all me and my mom remember from XOCO is almond hot chocolate :) and all we have to say about it is "MMMMmmmm"
