3 stars?!?!? Am I crazy??? Nope, there's a reason...I'll get to it. Overall, I had an amazing experience. It really is just that--an experience, an event. 4 hours with the most creative food I think I'll ever see in my life. For instance, I don't think I've ever needed to be instructed on how to eat each course of a meal before!  But before I get to the food, let me just say that the ambiance was incredible. Even just walking into the front door, the hallway looks as if it narrows and shrinks, just like in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory. Before you get to the end, this magical door whooshes open and you enter the most beautifully lit room. Soft purples, reds, and blues appear to creep up the walls. It's immediately calming and exciting at the same time. We did the full tour. The sommelier recommended (of course) that we do the wine pairing, but at 3/4 the cost of the full-tour, there was just no way I could swing it. So, we opted for wines by the glass. I felt as though my choice was not so subtly disapproved of, but no further discussion ensued. We started immediately with the Hot Potato/Cold Potato, and that was one of the most incredible things I've ever tasted, not to mention the little contraption it is upon arrival. I won't go through all the dishes, but will hit the highlights. I thought the pear bite with olive oil and pepper was incredible. It was presented in a bowl full of eucalyptus, and inhaling while eating the pear was heavenly. The waygu beef was delicious, but it was just the coolest to have the aroma-dry ice-thing accompany the yumminess in my mouth. The sweet potato on a smoldering cinnamon stick was just unbelievable, as was the bacon on a wire. I almost died with the lobster and popcorn cream and the Iberico ham dish, which allowed the ham to begin almost melting over hazlenut deliciousness. The service was impeccable and I really appreciated that they were not pretentious or judgmental. They joked around and seemed to truly revel in the concoctions they were bringing to the table. So, why 3 stars? Well, with just a few dishes left, I found a hair in my dish. The waiter was very apologetic and, both full and a little grossed out, I declined a replacement dish. Another waiter promptly appeared and asked me if he could "do anything else." This was an incredibly awkward moment, as I sure didn't want more food after 20 something courses, but did hope they would offer some sort of gesture to make up for the hair. He asked again what they could do and I realized they were putting me in the position of requesting a discount or some other accommodation. I declined, as I felt awkward and figured they would take care of it in some way, as this didn't feel like the kind of haggling I should do in such a nice establishment. Well, when the check came, there was no reflection of the hair and it was, in essence, ignored. It felt too weird to raise the issue at that point and, frankly, ridiculous that it was on me to take care of it. So, we paid. My friend left angrier than me and stated she would not return because of this. I'm still enamored with the rest of the experience, so I'm sure (if I could afford it), I'd be back. But, it did leave a not so positive impression, overall.
