I live less than a block from Irazu, so I've been there aplenty. Irazu inspires mixed emotions within me. On the one hand, the food is relatively inexpensive and tasty. On the other hand, the service leaves much to be desired. I really wanted to give this restaurant four stars, but the simple truth is that the service could easily be remedied, yet it hasn't. The good: All of the sandwiches I've had are fresh, delicious, and cheap. I'm talking $4.50, and while they aren't monstrous, nor are they dinky. The shakes are awesome, the burritos are huge and yummy (the veggie is especially good), and the freshly fried tortilla chips are just that--freshly fried. And, of course, the plantains. Mmm...plantains. The bad: Ugh! I can't recall a time when I've been in and out of this place in under an hour. First of all, it's not terribly spacious, which isn't necessarily a big deal, until you realize they aren't using all available space. Yo, dig this mutha fuggin example: I just ate at Irazu this past Friday. It was very pleasant outside, and as usual, many people were waiting for tables. The patio was locked with a sign that read, "We hope to have the patio opened by Memorial Day." Huh? The tables and chairs are already out. Why not open the patio now? Serve more people. Make more money. Easy. The other issue with the service is that once you're seated, your server probably won't take your order for at least 15 minutes. After you've ordered your food, it'll likely be at least 30 minutes before it arrives. After you've eaten your food, it will likely be another 15 minutes before your server brings your check. The servers at Irazu certainly aren't unfriendly, but the problem is that I've only ever seen one server working at any given time, even when the lines are well out the door. This seems a bit ridiculous to me. Business is clearly doing well. Add a server to the Friday and Saturday night shifts. The sum total: If you don't mind the wait, go to Irazu. If you're not fond of long waits, but still want some good food, just phone your order about a half an hour to 45 minutes before you'd like to pick it up. Be in the know: Irazu does not deliver and they are cash only. Also, if they run out of potatoes or plantains, don't go all native and try the yuca. Just eat your sock, it would taste about the same. (This is due to the flavorless nastiness of yuca, not the way it is prepared by Irazu.)
