I feel bad since a Korean classmate organized and took me and 15 others here and ordered in Korean for us, but I have to offer up my thoughts. I was excited when I came here after reading the Yelp reviews - and esp since there are no Korean places downtown and I had to carpool to get here, but I was truly disappointed. This is as authentic as it gets in the midwest? I guess I'm spoiled coming from California. I don't know my Korean meats that well, but I've eaten enough where I can identify bulgogi and kalbi - whatever was ordered for us looked like neither. The plates of meat presented to us looked like it had come straight from the butcher - the meat was thick, crude and hard to chew. Not only was it unpleasant to look at, it was difficult to grill, which leads me to point #2. The grills. Charcoal grill is wonderful...when done right. I don't understand why they couldn't have had a pit for the charcoal grill set into the table. Instead, the grill was not only sitting on the tabletop occupying space, but the smoke was blowing straight into our faces. I love smelling like Kbbq as much as the next person, but I don't like inhaling fumes and having smoke in my eyes. I felt like a caveman after fire was discovered. Oh, and the actual grill was like a ghetto tray I took out of my toaster oven. The service. I thought since I had gone with a Korean guy who practically lived there for awhile, we'd get the royal treatment. I know we had a lot of ppl at a long table, but come on now! The lady made us pass down everything from one end of the table. Water glasses, side dishes, lettuce, rice, meat...you name it, she loaded us on one side and just couldn't get herself to come around to the middle of the table to set our food down.  And this is when the restaurant was practically empty. I can't imagine how it's like when this place gets busy (why it does, I couldn't tell you). Oh, and she never refilled our one serving of small vege plates, even when most of the stuff on the table was finished. And she only changed 2 of the 4 grills we used.  Any redemptive qualities? It was cheap. And the haemul pajun (seafood pancake) was good. But honestly, BOO to san soo. 2 thumbs down.
