Alrighty, update time! Upon writing my first review of RJ Grunts, I received a very nice private message from the manager thanking me for my honest opinion. She also asked me to please come back and give them another try - I thought this was a wonderfully straightforward way to address my lukewarm reaction to my first visit and I'm a huge fan of people who act with integrity so of course I went back to RJ Grunts for another go. And I'm glad I did. I get the gist of the place now. RJ Grunts is a neighborhood establishment that has been serving Lincoln Park residents and visitors alike for decades. The first time I visited, I'd stopped in for the weekend brunch buffet and wasn't thrilled. This time, I arrived a little later. This time, I ordered the cajun chicken sandwich and my dining companion (my 13 year old) ordered the salad bar and a bowl of chili.  This time, we were very, very pleased with our food choices. The chili was spicy and flavourful (of course I had a bite!). My chicken sandwich (if you've read my reviews, you know how I am about chicken sandwiches.... it's all or nothing, baby) was DELICIOUS. While the cottage fries really aren't my thing, I see how they're probably popular with many patrons. I just happen to prefer my fried potatoes ultra-crisp and salty (we can probably blame the place with the golden arches for this addiction). The salad bar was........................the salad bar. I still think it's okay but not great. However, that said, you know, having worked in the hospitality industry for many years, I've lost count of the people I've served who've asked for food substitutions in order to replace their fancy-foodie menu item with something a little more basic. To that end, RJ Grunts' salad bar probably holds great appeal for those guests who prefer their foods a little less spicy than I do. And that's okay. Oh. I have to mention one thing about the salad bar: whatever is in that cream cheese and chocolate chip thing is deadly to my waistline. That stuff is seriously good in a very bad way! To sum up my review, let me say this: I wish there was a greater variance in the star ratings. I wouldn't quite give them a 5 star rating but my return visit was *noticeably* better than my first. While RJ Grunts is not the go-to place for the latest and greatest trends in haute cuisine, it IS a friendly, cozy place that you can feel comfortable bringing your entire family to for a good, solid meal!
