This is what was running through my head when I entered Xoco: "Oh crap, there's no line! There's supposed to be a line, now I have to decide quickly. I'll just get the Mexican Vanilla-Sour Cream Coffeecake. Mmm, good choice, problem solved. But, oooh that Ginger Lime Muffin sounds good. Ok, coffeecake and a muffin - done. Is that an Apple-Pear muffin, should I get it instead of the other one? Hmm, which muffin should I get? Ok, both muffins and the coffeecake, but THAT'S IT. No wonder my clothes are snug. Oooh, what's that over there... WHAT?! Did she just say next?! I'm not ready, I'm still deciding, shit, shit, shit!" To the cashier: Ok, I'll have some pastries to go...for um...a...meeting. I'll have the coffeecake, ginger-lime muffin, and an apple-pear muffin. Oh wait, and a churro too, yes someone specifically wanted one of those! Cashier: Ok, that will be $8, we'll call you when it's up. I admit it, I'm weak - don't judge me! I'm just grateful my pants didn't burst into flames from my shameless lies, then the jig would've been up. Instead, I sauntered out shamelessly with my bag of waistline-destroying treats. The churro was gone before my computer finished booting up, but in my defense it is a really old, slow computer. It was amazing, not overly greasy or bland, but fried and sugared perfection! Next went the coffeecake, which was also quite good. Nothing fancy, but that's what I loved about it. Moist cake with a tasty, yet simple streusel on top, definitely something I'd stop by for again with a churro chaser of course. As tempting as it was to make one of the muffins my lunch, I saved it for that evening's dessert. The apple-pear muffin was really yummy and this comes from someone who usually shuns anything with fruit filled, baked or crammed inside of it. The big chunks of fruit were fresh and tasty. Again, the simple streusel on top was the perfect compliment to add just that extra pinch of sweetness. The last muffin, the ginger lime, went the next day and was my only real disappointment. I was expecting more zing and more tart than I got, to me the flavor fell flat. Definitely not bad, just not a standout like the other 3. Late breakfast appears to be a good time to hit Xoco. Like I said, there was no line; only two people in front of me making for a quick stop. If the savory bites are as good as the sweet ones I'm in some big trouble because this food is like crack! P.S. If you're like me and clueless on how to pronounce the place's name, I heard a woman who worked for Rick call it Sho-co. I'm guessing she knows what's up.
