How do I even begin? Well, let's start by saying that I came to the restaurant (for the first time) for a birthday party/dinner. The restaurant was amazing - very classy - however, I can honestly say that I will not be a returning customer this horrible place ever again.  There were roughly around 30-35 of us; and with such a large group, we were put into a private room/section. In this "so-called" private section, we were given "bottom of the barrel" customer service. The Maitre d' ignored us the entire time...as well as the waiters. Why...you might ask? Well, for the simple fact that with any given large groups/parties...an 18% gratuity will be automatically added to the bill. Which means...the servers/hosts/maitre d' are getting the service charge (tips) and can care less about us. They gave us absolutely NO SERVICE whatsoever.  The entire time we were there, we had to ask for the "waiters or servers" to come around - which never happened. I politely asked for steak sauce and other sauces they had available, maybe, for about six times...and they NEVER brought us anything. I had to wait for my drinks, when they should have came around to ask us if we needed a refill. Basically, they never came around us to bring us any food. Wonderful customer service - wouldn't you agree?  I was raised in the restaurant business and certainly understand that, yes, there will be times when the restaurant is busy and customers are going to be unhappy with the service. However, we strive our best to ensure that all of our customers are satisfied. We try our best to give that 110% and do whatever it takes to get them to return. Customer satisfaction is our number one priority.  I can honestly say that ZED451 can care less. They do not even understand what EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE means. The service was ridiculously poor and food was mediocre. We could have spent our $1,800 (between 30-35 people) at a 1-star restaurant and received MUCH better service than at ZED451. With that being said...I rate this HORRIBLE place with...1/4 of a star. Yes, not a full star...but 1/4 of star. Or as my friend would say..."IF I HAD TWO MORE HANDS, I'D GIVE THIS PLACE A FOUR THUMBS DOWN!"
