I decided to take a random trip out to Chicago this past weekend to work on travelling around as much of the country as I possibly can. As I was riding the Blue Line out from O'Hare one morning, I was wondering where I could find the best breakfast spot along the track. A quick search on Google pointed me to an old Chicago Sun-Times article whose writer could not further emphasize the amazingness of the pancakes at Bongo Room. I love pancakes. I was sold. Unfortunately, some things in life can't be exchanged for refunds... As soon as I caught a glimpse of the prices (but not sooner than realizing how much Milwaukee and Williamsburg share in common), I knew I was in for the almost comfortably expensive breakfast I get in spades right here at home. The place was packed and people were waiting, but having come alone, I had no problems getting in. Service was fairly quick and attentive, though the staff looked understandably busy. Unfortunately, that's where my positive reception of this place ends. I started off my breakfast with a caffe mocha, and was immediately disgusted to see that they use -- out of all things --- Hershey's chocolate syrup as the base. Now, I wouldn't normally care about this -- a mocha's a mocha -- but Hershey's is absolutely NOT appropriate in a $4.50 12-ounce drink, nor was it acceptable that it tasted exactly like hot chocolate with a zing. But hey, I came for their show-stopping pancakes, so this will probably be a small oversight. Wrong. I ordered a basic breakfast: plain pancakes with one of their eggwhite omlettes (it had canadian bacon, mushrooms and lots of cheddar). It didn't take too long for them to prepare my plate, but good God did I wish it did after I tried to cut into them. All three of them were incredibly hard to cut through, making them my first batch of super tough pancakes. As far as how they tasted...to the bread bakers reading this, do you remember the first batches you made BEFORE you learned how to bake them *just* long enough? Remember that doughy, tough, "not at all done yet" taste that you could only cope with because it was your first batch and knew that it'd get better over time? These pancakes tasted EXACTLY like that...except worse because PANCAKES AREN'T MADE OF DOUGH. For those that prefer their bread off-the-shelf, here's what I'm trying to say: their pancakes tasted like a warm play-dough. This was with powdered sugar AND syrup. Yum. I asked the couple sitting next to me at the bar about their Red Velvet pancakes, since they were also eating them slowly. They said it was one of the best pancakes they've ever had in their life. Either they've never had pancakes before, or something was *way* off. After asking the waitress, it turns out that the plain pancakes are actually the "base" they use for all of their other creations (including their buttermilk pancakes). Lovely. Again, I wouldn't be too pissed if I was out $10 or so. However, this *amazing* four-star entree didn't cost $10, but /$17.43./ That was *without* the pancakes, as the waitress was nice enough to not charge me for them. As my other reviews indicate, I'm pretty leniant and usually try to maintain a positive attitude about the places I visit. However, despite the pretty good service I received, I simply cannot give this place a good rating. I'm a breakfast guy and can tolerate pretty bad breakfast (I usually like good ones, though), but this the first batch of pancakes I did not finish. While their flavored pancakes might be the solution for world peace and the end of Operation Freedom, I cannot recommend a place that can't even get the basics right.
