My somewhat limited, but probably above average for an American, knowledge of Brazil and Brazilian culture includes: The best colors - green and yellow - for soccer uniforms, incredible asses, that one Snoop Dog/Pharrell video http://bit.ly/bJJdTp , churrascarias and gauchos ala Fogo de Chao, Portuguese, extreme coochie waxing, guarana soda, Sergio Mendes, plastic surgery, really spelled Brasil, Carnaval is a crazy ass party, favelas, bad ass beaches, The Girl from Ipanema, a very complex system of racial categorization, interesting pockets of African culture that has remained since slavery - Actually, you know what? I guess I know a bit more than a little bit about Brazilian culture than any other average person who has also never actually been to Brazil... But here's the point (there's a point!) - I didn't know until this week that Brazil is also a serious pizza making mofo. Because, yes, when I first heard the name of this place, I also thought that maybe this place involved some sort of delivery or take out Fogo de Chao action. Instead it's an dizzying onslaught of pizza options - Peas? Tuna? Charbroiled chicken? Homemade cheese http://en.wikipedia.org/ ? Corn? Shrimp scampi? Cod? Bacon (good bacon, too!). Lettuce and fresh avocados? Pretty much if you can think it up, it's here - apparently I missed out on corned beef and cabbage pizza around St. Patrick's Day. There are some serious and exciting varieties here - there are 60 pizzas on the fricking menu!!! Bonus - all of the pizzas are always buy one, get the second 50% off! After hearing lots about it on Yelp, I found this place for myself when I saw it and grabbed a slice of the Calabresa while I was out walking - salami, red onions, oregano - I could not stop raving about it. The very next day I called in an order for our family to eat in the teeny tiny space that they have there and they set the table for us with pretty and colorful ceramic plates - just insanely kind service for a little pizza joint. The California Club is their house charbroiled chicken, bacon and mussarela (mozzerella) and then topped with (cold!) roma tomatoes, avocados, mayo and a whole bunch of lettuce. The Chicago-bred man at our table was fucking terrified when the giant lettuce covered pizza came out, surely fearing tofu and edamame or something might follow. The lettucey pizza attracted so much attention that someone came over and almost touched (!!!) it wanting to know what it was (inside Tina's mind "Ummm, that's my fucking food. Back off if you wanna keep that fucking finger, Cubbie boy.") My suggestion to Fogo - maybe switch out the lettuce with wilted arugala or spinach to make it easier to eat - still tasty tho. Important note - I don't like many pizzas. Cheap bright ass red pizza sauce gives me heartburn and ruins my fricking day. This sauce is not like that. It's thinner, matching the super thin crusts. Fortunately or unfortunately for me, I could eat this all day. After chitchatting with owner Brad about basketball and kids and enjoying some awesome live Brazilian music on the speakers, I learned that people in Brazil love Lebanese food as much as Americans love Mexican food. Brazil sounds fucking awesome! And until my broke ass can afford to go, I will just have to travel through pizza. Maybe I'll also be traveling through some of their great Italian ices, like passion fruit and mango. Next time I'll try the 5 Quejos pizza with blue cheese, fontina, emmenthal, mozzarella and smoked gouda and maybe the shrimp scampi one. And some of those fried ball papa rellenoish Coxinha thingies... Seriously, I might drop in again today for a slice, and seeings how I have to take two trains and a bus to get there, that is saying something. (Note to self: learn how to pronounce words like "Coxinha" and "Catupiry".)
