I visited Kinzie Chop House to have an early and quiet date night with my fiance. We arrived a little more than 30 minutes before our reservation, so we sat at the bar for a couple of cocktails. The bar staff was very amicable and made great drinks; not much to mess up, but nothing I could complain about! We moved into the dining room and had no problems being seated. I started off with what I thought would be an interesting drink, The Backstretch, as it was essentially an alcoholic Arnold Palmer. You couldn't dislike it. Big and strong, my type of drink. Appetizer: Jumbo Lump Crab Cake   -Very tasty, and large enough to share between the two of us. Moist with just a little crust on top, the crab cake sat on top of some basic greens and the best spicy remoulade my lips have ever touched. In fact, the sauce was so good that I went back to dip my bread in it after the crab cake was gone! Main Course 1: KC Strip-Pepper Rub-Butter Sauce   -Cooked PERFECTLY. I haven't been to many steakhouses in the Chicago area, but one has yet to cook a proper Medium Rare, until Kinzies that is. Wonderful flavor throughout the steak, good size, and fantastic rub. The steak presentation is actually what sold me on the KC, so very nice. I could have done without the butter sauce, however. I will choose a different sauce option next time we are in. Main Course 2: Jalapeno Barbecued Pork Tenderloin   -If I wasn't in the mood for steak, I so would have had two orders of this juicy tender heaven. The bold flavors and barbecue sauce meshed perfectly, and we were cutting the pork with only a knife. Fantastic! It sat on a bed of a homemade slaw, which was good, but there was a bit too much of it on the plate. Side: Bacon and Scallion Smashed & Broccoli Fondue   -People think I am crazy when I tell them that my favorite food is broccoli, but places like Kinzies only makes me love it more. Melted cheese (which was a great flavor) over perfectly cooked broccoli = Heaven. The smashed potatoes were great as well, however, I could have used more bacon, like there is such a thing as too much bacon. Dessert: Hot Buttered Rum Cheesecake & Pistachio Semifreddo   -This was one of the greatest highlights of the evening. This was the best cheesecake I have ever eaten. We were told that all of the desserts were made in house, and you can definitely tell by how rich and creamy this dish was. Add some strawberries, whip cream, and buttered rum sauce in one bite, and your mouth will be having a party worth all exaltation.   -Pistachio Semifreddo. First off, I had never had gelato before, and while I know it isn't a far cry from yogurt/ice cream, I was still a bit wary. The first bite of this dessert became the best dish I had eaten there (yes, even more than my broccoli.) The gelato was fantastic and the freshly baked sugar crisps were so light, surprisingly deep in flavor. I am getting married in less than a year and I would be honored and elated to have this semifreddo for a dessert.   --Also, the desserts are $5.95 each...Crazy!! I would pay $15 for both of the desserts we had! Superb! All-in-all, I cannot wait to go back to Kinzie Chop House. The atmosphere was great, the prices were fantastic given the value, and the staff was phenomenal. The manager stopped by our table a couple of times and was one of the best front of house managers I had come into contact with in a very long time. I will bring family, friends, and business here any day of the week. Great job, Kinzie!!
