I love the Gage. I think you will too. Do you like meat? Then you'll love the Gage. Do you like whiskey? Then you'll love the Gage. Do you like beer? Then you'll love the Gage. Do you like wine? Then you'll love the Gage. You are sensing a pattern forming, no doubt. But that is the way things are at The Gage. A love of flavors, and an appreciation of their finest forms. Whatever your weakness, The Gage will have a preparation of it that displays its best characteristics in its most flavorful light.  Let's start with the cocktail list, because that is where your meal will start. They have a superb, well curated selection of Bourbons, Ryes and Scotches for all my bourbon boozer friends. Order a Sazerac or a Manhattan with Russel's Reserve Rye, and feel the wilderness roll over you. Given the prime real estate upon which The Gage is located, they are not terribly overpriced. If you have an inheritance from a rich uncle burning a hole in your pocket, however, call me and order the Rittenhouse Rye Single Barrel 25YR! Beer lovers will be pleasantly surprised as well - multiple locally brewed options are available in bottles. I recommend diving into a local intercontinental tasting by hitting the Two Brothers Domaine Dupage - the Finest French Ale this side of the Seine. Oh, and for the winos? The list has some earthy, old world gems perfectly paired for the game menu. Check out the Burgundies and the heavy duty Rhones -- from Crozes Hermitage in the North to Gigondas, Vacqueyras and the Pope's fave in the South - you'll have lovely earthy options to wash down the largest variety of game meats on the shores of Lake Michigan. The food options are similarly earthy and fulfilling. From old world classics like scotch egg and poutine to new world reincarnations of frontier options like buffalo tartare, duck sausage, pork chops and saddle of elk, The Gage will reach out and rattle your game horns. Admittedly, some of the options, like the saddle of elk, will require you to blow your weekly allowance, but why not? Where else will you get saddle of elk in Chicago? It is a gorgeous presentation of oozing bloody game that will allow you to commune with your prehistoric ancestors. Just don't drink so much that you want to convert the saddle bones into a crown, like a bloody burger king. The decor is a surprisingly harmonious mix of boisterous Dublin bar and high end Irish bistro. Sure, it can be loud at times, but so what? You'll be howling at the moon after devouring your elk.
