All this hype about some super duper crispy chicken. Let's get one fact straight first, the way I heard it, when they opened, their flavors were Korean style. Once they realized business was crappy, they changed their flavors to accommodate American palates. I wish I'd tried it when they first opened I think I would've appreciated their flavors a lot more. These new flavors are bleh to me. I live on the North side where Korean food is within an arms reach. Seoul sassy was the only flavor that kind of appealed. The chicken was so very crispy, many times throughout the experience it was said over and over by all that I ate with. I wish they offered Soju, since I'm used to having Tong Dak with Soju at Korean bars. WTF is Northside pomme frites? It is NOT prepared like pomme frites, it's freakin' plain style French fries. That's it. I would've skipped the French fries had I known better. Their coleslaw, I'd hoped would be Korean style, it wasn't, it was like any coleslaw found anywhere, another wasted purchase. None of the sides were any appealing and the bowls were just bleh to me, as well. Like Luan N. mentioned, rice has an additional charge WTF? It's just sticky rice.. Brown rice ok, but sticky? The sides just don't make sense.. also at these Americanized joints, why do you have to charge for kim chi? EEssshhh 18!! If I happen in here again I think I'd try the chicken plain and maybe try a bul kogi burrito, cuz bul kogi is bangin' and not something anyone can F up. Fuck the fusion part, bring back the Korean style. I found this on the Internet so for some of you that care, you've got the Korean names of this style of chicken; " There are the battered wings, served plain (Dak Nal Gae, "chicken wings") or brushed with garlic, soy, pepper, whatever sauce (Mae Woon Dak Nal Gae "spicy chicken wings"). Then there's the deep-fried whole chicken (Tong Dak, "whole chicken"), cut into pieces, with the thin, crackly and almost transparent crust. " Tong dak can be found at a few Korean bars on the North side. P.S., from a person that's had a crap load of this kind of chicken, it does not carry out well. I haven't found a restaurant yet that's been able to box it so that it stays its original awesomeness till you get home. Even in Korea, it's better at the restaurant or bar.
