So after walking/driving by the Purple Pig numerous times and never getting around to going there, I'm glad I finally got the chance to try it out - and I was very impressed. The food is delicious and creative while still being accessible enough for those (like me) who still aren't overly adventurous when it comes to food. I do have to give two caveats about the place though: (1) this is not the place for those on a diet or counting calories, and (2) it's great for small groups but I wouldn't advise bringing a date here - though this place is definitely lively and bright, I quickly found out that it's also very loud, making it next to impossible to hold a conversation without almost yelling over the noise. All the food here is in small plates that are meant to be shared, which is great because you can try a little bit of everything. The menu doesn't seem to focus on any particular region...I guess that's why it's categorized as "modern European". I'd say it's sort of Italian-Spanish fusion with some Mediterranean-ish influences. We tried the fried manchego cheese (just the fact that that was even on the menu had me sold immediately), the finocchiona salami, and the summer vegetables with farro and tomato vinaigrette. It was all delicious and served very promptly. For dessert we had the Sicilian Iris, a ricotta and chocolate chip-filled fried brioche. It. Was. Amazing. Flaky, light and sweet without seeming too rich or heavy, it was unlike any other dessert I've had recently - I highly recommend saving room to try this. The wine list here is frankly quite impressive - I tried a German Pinot gris which I enjoyed very much, though I left wishing I would have tried one of the Greek or Portuguese wines on the list. I should also note that the service was excellent - despite the place being very crowded, we were seated quickly and our server (I think her name was Alexa?) was terrific. She was very patient with two indecisive newcomers and made very good suggestions. All in all, the Purple Pig gets two very enthusiastic thumbs up from me - I can't wait to return and try some of the other yummy treats I missed.
