FAMOUS FOR (My rating in paren) - Oysters (Chef Selection) 6/10 - Spicy Pork Rinds (9/10) - Pork Belly (6/10) - Ham Chop (5/10) I ALSO TRIED - Porkette (11/10) A group of friends and I used to visit a hype-filled restaurant every month, but about a year ago, it sort of fizzled, but thank God, it's starting again! We had our re-joining event at The Publican for October, and I brought along with me about a year's worth of pent up anxiety to eat Chicago's best, and a whole platter of hype! What's different about the hype this time, though, is that instead of a thousand people telling me how great this place was, it was really only 1-2 people telling me how phenomenally spectacular this place was. There was no end to their raves (it was like me being the only person to tell you how life-changing 554 is)! So, when it was announced that we're going to The Publican, I was in a wreck just waiting to go! SPICY PORK RINDS I HATE pork rinds! I knew like 2 people in my entire life that actually liked pork rinds, and on maybe 10 different occasions, I bought pork rinds at the store, had one, spit it out, and then cursed those friends! BUT, considering that there's a huge amount of hype of Publican's pork rinds, we ordered 'em (and plus it's $5, you can't lose)! I took a bite and instantly, I knew it was different. It was crispy and airy, instead of just dense. The taste was pretty good (more on that later), but it finished well, which is where normal pork rinds suck. You get a very small bit of that skin feeling, but it's really minimal and it dissolves fast enough where it doesn't detract from the experience. So all in all, texture wise, it feels like a little less crispy prawn chip (Asian snack) with a minimal pork-rindish skin finish. Taste? Well, it's nice 'n' mild. It has a very mild mild hint of pork flavor (like a pork chop) on the chip itself. There's like mini cheese crumble looking things sprinkled all over. It wasn't salty, but just enough to satisfy, and it's not a "salt" salty, but like a cheese-salty. At the first chip, after being relieved it wasn't like your normal pork rind, I didn't think it was really all that. But as I had more, it got really addicting! By the end, I was thinking, it'd be awesome if they had like little 8'x8' huts all over the city that just sold Publican pork rinds! OYSTERS I like oysters, but I'm no connoisseur. I like them with cocktail sauce, horseradish, and Tabasco. These come with a vinegar cup thing, and it was ok, but I just wished for my normal sauce concoction. I had the Chef Selection, and honestly, they all tasted the same. But seriously, don't take my word for it! PORK BELLY & HAM CHOP These are separate dishes, but pretty similar. Pork Belly tasted like very tender ham. Ham chop is like a very thick (1-1.5") slice of Honey Baked Ham! Honestly, I thought both of them tasted a little better than Honey Baked Ham, but the difference was that the texture was really good on both of these. I've never had such a thick piece of ham like the Ham Chop, but it was moist and tender. Texture aside, it was just ham. PORKETTE I don't know how we ended up getting this. It's NOT on the menu, and the waitress said it's seasonal (later parts of the year). This is the last thing that came out for us, and I have to say, up to this point, I was very disappointed with The Publican. The only thing that delivered was the $5 pork rinds! The rest of it, I wouldn't know if you replaced my free Christmas meat with Publican's. But then, this unassuming plate came out... Simply put, it's a gigantic pork chop. It's about 1-1.5" thick, and 1/3 of it is just fat! But let me tell you, when I took a bite of this, my eyes opened really wide (and I'm Korean so that's a big deal!) and I sort of forgot where I was and what I was eating for the past hour. That little bite that I took was consuming my whole mind! Now, I have to tell you, you don't need to eat a lot of it, but you do need a small portion of the fat with each bite. Without it, you miss out on a lot of the pork flavor. But having said that, oh my GOD! First, the texture, this is the most moist piece of pork I've ever had in my entire life! I mean, we're talking about an inch cube and it chews easy, goes down easy, and even though you're eating a little fat, your mouth doesn't feel like Crisco! I've also never tasted such an incredible pork flavor either! Pork flavor is kind of a fine line. You either have none (so it's just the other white meat) and sometimes you have a little too much where it's got the odor and isn't appetizing. But this was just perfect and right on. Every bite was just buttery goodness! My vocabulary is too small to do this justice! Again, we went in the end of October, so I don't know when exactly this becomes available, but that's when you need to go! ** Would I come back? Absolutely! I'd order the same thing: Beer, Pork Rinds, Porkette, and then go home fat, dumb, and happy as a pig in $@*^!
