This is a review for Shaw's Sunday brunch.  I think everything was ALMOST there but not quite hitting the mark or meeting my expectations (which I think were pretty lofty based on feedback and recommendations from friends). The cold seafood bar was where I spent most of my time. The lobster and melon salad, ceviche and lox were the champions of this station and I made sure they knew it. They also had three different sushi rolls which were nothing special. They were reminiscent of something you would get at a grocery store. I ate a ton of them anyway because they weren't terrible and it was all you can eat spicy tuna rolls. I mean, it was all you can eat ... what's a girl to do?  The most confusing thing about this area was the king crab chunks that a lot of reviewers rave about. They're one inch sections of king crab legs served cold. They were watery, flavorless and difficult to eat. It was a lot of work without much reward. Needless to say I did not go back for more. The waffle station was a pretty big hit for my 6 year old son. Everything you could put on the waffle was sugar based. He ate it up. You can also create your own omelet and have it made to order but every time I walked past the omelet chef wasn't there. When I want an omelet I expect someone to produce an omelet! It never happened. The hot food section was pretty massive. Standouts for me were the broccoli in brie sauce, lobster bisque and mini crab cakes. The first time I passed through to make my sons plate they had tiny little corned beef has patties with a perfect little sunny side up egg on top. They were so cute! I wanted to eat them all! Unfortunately they were out of it every other time I walked past so I didn't get to try them. This also made me sad. The eggs benedict would have been really good if the whites of the eggs weren't runny and undercooked. The carving station also looked really good but AGAIN there was never anyone there to carve the meat. The dessert room was super cute and obviously the kids were loving it. All of the desserts were minis so we were able to try quite a bit. I tried the tiramisu, creme brulee and key lime pie. All were good ... ish. Mostly just plain and boring. Our server was great and always on top of drink refills and questions. The mimosas were actually my favorite part of the experience. I had the blood orange and the white peach. Both were fantastic and only $5 each. The biggest issue I had was that they were constantly out of everything. We had brunch on a Sunday at noon. New Years Day no less! You would think it would be stocked. Several times I would wait in line forever to make a plate and right when I would get to the item I wanted a waiter would take it away to fill it. The killer was that they were removing trays that were half full. It was painful and it happened MANY times. I've rarely eaten at a buffet that blows me away but I had high hopes for Shaw's. The one thing that they do absolutely right is let kids eat free. However, if I'm going to spend $150 on brunch for two I think it should totally blow my mind. Sorry Shaw's but I will not be coming back.
