After much hype from friends and family, my girlfriend and I decided to check out this higher-end steak house.  I am a die-hard Wildfire fanatic so naturally I would stack this restaurant up with them...and I must say that I was dissappointed. I would say that overall the food was overpriced based on the quality; our calamari was way too mushy for my taste, and we did not even get "side" dishes with our steak orders (granted I'm not expecting an entire plate on the side, but while most other steakhouses INCLUDING Wildfire give you at least veggies on the side, we had to pay $8 each for a small side). What we DID pay for was not worth the price: the asparagus was OK but not spectacular, and the steamed mushrooms tasted like boiled garbage. Sides aside, let's go to the steaks...We both opted to get the filet mignon medium; unfortunately mine came well-done, and hers was medium, but still difficult to cut. Don't get me wrong, these steaks were not bad, but being a steakhouse I would expect Ruth's to be experts in cooking these.Overall I would rate the food as lackluster, however the service was phenomenal. I did not make a big deal about my steak, but did bring it to the attention of my waitress when she asked how it was. She offered to bring out a new one, but I declined as I ate a few bites already; a manager came by apologizing again for the overcooked steak and offering to bring another one, but I politely declined yet again. Before we left the manager came by one more time and said he took care of the steak on the bill, saying "we do thousands of these steaks and should get them right." The steak was removed from the bill! Again, 5/5 stars on service, but I'd give the food 2/5 from a cost and quality perspective; If I had the choice of going here or Wildfire I would hands down pick Wildfire.Our bill for 2 glasses of wine, calamari, 2 side dishes and one steak (after mine was removed) was still $125....overpriced but I'm happy they addressed the issue with my steak.
