Lockdown is the real heavy metal gourmet hamburger bar in Chicago. There's Kuma's, which features, in my opinion, better food and better music, but that's still really, at its heart, just a bunch of old school punk rockers applying a metal veneer to their hipster (but still awesome) bar. Lockdown, on the other hand, is true, earnest metal --and not the recently-cool-in-trendy circles black/death metal either. It's plain old dorky Disturbed and Yngwie Malmsteen, Guns N Roses and 3 Doors Down. Though it's just across the street from Empty Bottle, you will probably not get into a discussion about the influence of St. Vitus at Lockdown. Lockdown's shtick is that it is jail-themed and every night, they play three live hard rock/metal concert films in their entirety on the many, many HDTV's that are all over the walls. If you like the music at Kuma's, or at the Empty Bottle, there's a good chance this will disappoint you. The food at Lockdown the night we went (2/5/10) wasn't great. The tortilla chips were stale, and the four-cheese and chorizo sausage dip (known as the Copyright Infringement) was thin and soupy. I ordered the Ponzi Scheme (burger w/ prosciutto, Swiss and Fuji apples), but it was unremarkable --and nowhere near comparing to Kuma's similarly-topped Melvins burger. The fries were soggy, the mac n cheese tasted like Stouffers. The food menu tries too hard, the drink menu doesn't try enough. Parking in the neighborhood can be a pain.    Still, I'm giving Lockdown four stars. The reason for this is because they were very nice. Every single employee of the place, from the guy that opens the door and checks your ID to the hostess to the bartenderesses to each of the three servers who waited on us in our short stay was exceedingly and sincerely *nice.* Even though the place was slammed, and the young staff just seemed to be getting their sea legs working together at a brand new establishment, no one came off as frazzled or snippy or anything but genuinely interested in making sure you were being taken care of. Nice goes a long way (or it should anyhow), and the staff at Lockdown was nice enough that I'm going to give it another chance --they're brand new, it might have just been an off night. Maybe they'll ditch the three-concert-a-night format (seriously, check out their calendar of events: are Rush, Ramones and Lenny Kravitz a complementary threesome (Feb. 2)? Would you seek out a bar for back-to-back two-hour live sets of Tom Petty, Staind and Bad Company (Feb. 7)?) in favor of a more varied playlist. Lockdown has a lot of potential, and I hope the owners decide to explore it, because they've got a very comfortable space in a great location staffed by awesome people.
