Most people come here intimidated, and rightfully so. I feel almost as if people talk about he Violet Hour as folklore. Thus, this adds to it's mystery. However, once you are inside, it's a whole different story and you realize why this is considered one of the best bars in America and recently nominated for a Michelin Star. It was a Thursday and the a gorgeous sunny day in this crazy Chicago 'winter.' The sun was out in March and everybody was out on patios having a great time. After a few drinks at Northside, my friends and I were hungry so we went to Big Star for tacos. This, as always, did not disappoint. My friends are Wicker Park virgins and have yet to discover all the greatness that this neighborhood has to offer. They're yuppies that refuse to go West of I90. I told them about the Violet Hour across the street, and my one friend was so intrigued he paid the bill right away and said 'I have to check this place out.' He thought it was funny that there was no sign outside, but just a few people smoking. Honestly, if somebody did not tell you where the Violet Hour was, you would never know. I even tricked him to believing there was a secret 'knock, knock, kick' method to get in. There was a short wait at 11pm on a thursday. However, my only knock came when the door man gave me a super pretentious and smug attitude when he saw I was wearing shorts and flip flops. I understand, this is not the type of place where you go to slam drinks but give me a break man, we were out since 3pm enjoying the beautiful weather. He gave me the look up and down and said 'ha, are you serious? Next time, no way they're gonna let you in." I was with friends, so we went in anyway and the rest of the night was great. As everyone as already said, you can't go wrong with the drinks. It's a bit overwhelming at first, but trust the waitress' suggestions. You really can't go wrong with anything. I got the Austin 75 because I'm a Vodka drinker and it was delicious. We were amazed with the ambiance, feeling like we were in some Alice in Wonderland dream with the high backs to the chairs and the dimly lit front room. My friends were very impressed. We came to a conclusion that this is the place you take to wow a girl, no way they are not impressed. Also, for the love of god please order the Chocolate plate. My friend's claimed not to be big fans of sweets, but by the end we were practically licking this plate. The truffles are delicious, but one in particular stood out. Can't remember the name, but the flower truffle makes my mouth water just thinking about it. I would order jsut that particular truffle if possible. Worth it!
