I spoke too soon. I'm a hypocrite. I take it all back. The months of calling every day, the cancellations, the showing up for our reservation only to find a closed restaurant... they were all worth it. After showing up to a shuttered restaurant I told myself I was done with Schwa. But the next Tuesday I got the urge to call again. Miraculously they picked up on my first attempt, profusely apologized for standing me up, and gave me a booking for the next Saturday. They called Friday (got my vmail) and again Saturday to confirm, apologized again when they seated us upon our arrival. When you walk in the front door here you know you're in for an experience. It is a casual and mind-blowing experience. There are 24 seats tops which is your first clue as to why it's so tough to score a table. Music blasts. The chefs and host rotate bringing and describing dishes. And every dish is like nothing you've ever had before. To dine here and opt for the three-course meal over the nine-course is to do a great injustice to yourself. Unlike, say L20, you can enjoy all nine courses (plus one or two extras that the chefs' fancy) and leave feeling quite comfortable and not stuffed. With the first bite of the "aperitif" amuse I knew I was in for an exceptional meal. I won't try to rattle off every course in detail because I'll get it wrong. There were delightful accents like violet foam, bull's blood, mustard skin, house cured ham. And there were masterpieces like: quail egg ravioli with burre blanc and shaved white truffle; a fruit loop of key lime fritter with passion fruit jello. Seemingly at random they'd reward us with extra courses of original and pallet-expanding single-bites: turmeric ice cream with caramel, a gooseberry with some sort of nectar from the gods. The protein courses were amazing. They were dainty, appropriately portioned, and perfectly conceived. Sliced lamb with mushrooms (foraged by hand), blueberries and cashew puree that combined for a series of exquisite bites. Incredible rabbit served with rabbit rillette. Look, the point is that the food here is more original and delicious than nearly anything I've ever had. The setting is far superior to any other place period. It's casual, fun, and real. The chefs, incredible talents, are your best friends for the evening and far too genuinely pleased to receive your compliments. So if you're tired of getting the full voice mail or you feel spurned by their cancellations, I'll gladly tell you to give it up. With 24 seats lucky enough to eat here a night, I'd prefer not to compete with you for one of them in the future. Hindsight being 20-20, all the trouble to get in made it that much more fun once we finally made it. Cheers to Michael and his amazing team. I hope to get back soon.
