We spent the day at the Art Institute and were looking for a decent, but not too expensive, early dinner in this (very) touristy part of the city. I had read good things about The Gage and you can't beat the location across the street from the museum. The weather was great so we decided to sit outside. The atmosphere was fine...a combination of tourists and locals, with dress running the gamut from shorts and t-shirts to fairly dressy. The bar looked nice but I can't comment on the interior of the restaurant since we only passed through the bar on our way outside. They have a nice selection of beers on the menu along with a choice with a choice of seasonal "libations" (our waiter's word of the day). The waiter was very nice... hovering, but very polite. When I had trouble deciding on what beer to drink, he made a suggestion based on my brief description of what type of beers I prefer and brought me a taste. Just what I was looking for. I wanted the food to be better than it was. It was fine, but certainly nothing to rave about, and pricey. ($16.00 for the burger?!?!!). I ordered the lobster bisque ($12.00) and the Gage burger. My hubby had the Hamachi appetizer($10.00) and the mussels vindaloo starter($14.00). The bisque was pretty good but lukewarm when it arrived. I guess i was supposed to be impressed with the presentation. The bowl arrived with only the pineapple and molasses garnish and then they poured the bisque from a metal cream pitcher??? over the top. Ummm, ok. And the molasses really stuck to the bottom of the bowl so the second half of the bowl was overwhelmed by the taste.  My burger was perfectly cooked, the HUGE pickle and the fries were great. The meat was good, but i didn't care for the flavor of the onion marmalade in combination with the Camembert cheese. I scraped off the onions and I'm not a scrape it off kind of eater. My husband's Hamachi appetizer was skimpy, and in his words, "really fishy". And he eats a lot of raw fish. He really liked the mussels vindaloo and the toast served with it to soak up the sauce. Wine by the glass is, in my opinion, overpriced. Total bill, including tax and tip,for 2 beers, 2 glasses of wine, 3 starters and a burger was $124.00. Would I go back? For a beer and a snack probably. But dinner? Definitely not.
