I hate having to do this. It hurts me to have to write this. I'm in agony over doing what I have to do... but, I have to do it...I MUST do it. Why? because I honestly believe people who give 4 and 5 star reviews for steak houses (particularly this one) are genuinely too afraid to state the God's honest truth ABOUT steak houses (particularly this one) ...and that's this: They serve tasteless, boring, overpriced steak. And I'm talking the 33oz, Chef's Cut, Bone-In Ribeye. What should be the finest, most flavorful steak a steakhouse should have, was downright the most flavorless, boring steak I've ever had the displeasure of chewing on... and yup, right here at the hyper-hyped "OMG - you've got to try this place!!!" Mastro's. There... I said it. I'm not done... I'm going to back this up a bit with some evidence and explain my own hypothesis on not only why this was so hard for me to write...but why Mastro's is getting such grand reviews. Let's get started... See, I really, really, REALLY loved everything about Mastro's. From the great service at the bar (the bar tenders made me feel completely at home - and were dead-set on making sure I was having the best time I could possibly have)... to the gorgeous bar itself ...to the wonderful (and also gorgeous) cocktail waitresses who cordially and elegantly asked if I would permit them to serve my side-items ... to the beautiful black and white "jazzy" atmosphere... to just EVERYTHING that lent to the experience. It was all adding up as THE place where I could EASILY see myself as a regular. In fact, I grappled with whether or not I should give it 4 stars simply on all of the above alone ... ...but folks - I can't do that. No, not because it may not have deserved it for all of the aforementioned ...no ... simply because of how I started this review: I sincerely believe 80-90% of the reviews here are people who were taken in by all of the hype of a high-end steakhouse...but don't have the guts to admit to themselves that the steak here is simply not good, not tasty and not anything but chewing on boring, tender, juicy - "nothing-ness". Furthermore, I think the psychology behind this inability to admit reality has nothing to do with people and their lack of cultured, well defined taste, but something much deeper... perhaps "OMG ...I just dropped 5-bills on dinner and there's no way I'm going to admit I was taken to the cleaners!!". Yeah, an educated guess at pscyho-analyzing, but Hell, tell me you haven' felt this exact rush of emotions at some point after, say, a night out with a hot date, or something similar. It's kinda' like those partisan-ideologues who are so immersed in their belief systems, that when faced with incontrovertible evidence that the guy they voted for is as much a crook as anyone ... they turn to other partisans to make them feel better about and reinforce the tainted views they continue to hold. It's more painful to the pscyhe to have to admit being wrong, so why admit it at all? (that charge is leveled at both the right AND left - leave me out of your hate-fests) Aye-aye-aye...  Back to exhibit A: the actual meat itself - dont' get me wrong ... this wasn't shoe-leather... the steak was juicy, tender, huge ... the char was just right, cooked to order (medium-rare) ...all of those things. But there was ZERO flavor. You literally tasted ... NOTHING. I mean this in all candor, people. This is NO exaggeration...  ...but let me slightly expand this review to an undeniable "reality-check" on all high-end steak houses: They are selling hype. It's the emperors new clothes. They talk about "dry rubs" and "aged this many days" and that kinda' beef ... but it's a bunch of b.s. folks - and I've simply had enough. Let's all just face it and admit, up front, that we overpaid (it happens to the best of us) for a product that is a waste of time and money. So enough - let me close with the following (and i'm going to say this, and likely give ammo to people who think my ability to judge is low-brow, or unseasoned - but sorry, throw all the insults you want at me ... reality is reality)... there's a chain throughout Texas, with an atmosphere and service just a mere notch above bottom-of-the-barrel (gag!) "Outback" known as "Saltgrass Steakhouse". I went to one in Dallas several times, just in the mood for some beef without breakin' the bank ... ....and I'm going to state emphatically right here and right now (and even challenge anyone to taste-test them both)...that they served a steak no less than 10 times more flavorful, 10 times more original (many types of "crusted" options, amongst other variations) and 10 times more enjoyable and delicious than what I had at Mastro's ... ( and it was obviously 10 times less in price.) Diners... take heed. ( I'm sorry Mastro's ...I loved EVERYTHING about you ... except the steak. I might be back for champagne though... it is a beautiful bar)
