When my brother-in-law told me Dale Levitski repositioned himself to this new place on Fullerton and I heard almost NO chatter about it on Yelp or really anywhere else, I knew I had to get there, and fast. I probably shouldn't be cashing out my 401k to eat fancy dinners right now, but with only two Yelp reviews in the bag and both being fivers, this had to happen immediately. So, on a snowy Wednesday night, my brother-in-law, Mitch, who I often refer to as, "the unclemaker," and I embarked on a man date of epic proportions, braving the elements in hopes of reaching culinary Nirvana. it's a $60 3 course prix fixe or you can order a la carte. Prices aren't listed though, so save yourself the headache and just do the prix fixe. They bring you treats between courses and small pours of wine here and there. We both ordered the "foie gras" to start. What arrived was a foie gras mouse with quince bread and other accoutrements..On my birthday this year, my mom bought foie gras cupcakes at More, and our whole family almost vom'd from them. Despite the sweetness of Sprout's foie dish, I found it much more appetizing than More's cupcake and would gladly eat it again. We also put in an order for the scallop app as an add-on. 1 scallop with corn, popped corn, and again, other stuff I can't quite remember. This was a good dish, but not especially memorable. They gave us a sour hibiscus sorbet after the apps to refresh our palates before the main course.  For mains, Mitchypoo got the Wagyu with a salt cod potato puree thing, and Mattycakes got the shortrib with mystery dumplings and truffle. Mattycakes won. Actually, this was the shining star of the meal. I've mentioned it before, I don't usually believe in ordering shortribs, but combined with the little truffle dumplings and pioppini mushrooms, Dale's are THE BEST I've ever had. If this dish were taken off the menu or altered, that would mean we'd given up, and the terrorists have won. Don't let that happen! To prep us for dessert, we each received a little croque monsieur with cranberry mustard. Mmmmhmmmm. Somehow parmesan was affixed to the bread and cooked in to create a parm cracker crust. Only slightly noticeably absent (is that a phrase?) was the ham in the sandwich. Very enjoyable nevertheless. If they ever opened for lunch, this would be a great dish. For dessert, we had "date" and "apple". The date dish was pretty complex and interesting. I couldn't even tell what some of the components were, but I do recall dates and ice cream, and not in that order. "Apple" turned out to be an apple milkshake. I've never had an apple milkshake, and I don't think you have either. It kind of works! An aside: Sara Nguyen, pastry and sous chef was out of town last night. Not sure if that made a difference. Overall a very nice experience. The employees were extremely friendly and seemed very happy to have our feedback. The brief, yet interesting story of this restaurant reveals multiple mulligans, which eventually led to Dale taking over chefly duties just a couple weeks ago. Seems as though they're still working out the kinks, but I do believe this will be the place wine and dine before the end of oh nine. As you can see, I'm an aspiring rapper. When I sign my 4 figure contract with Def Jam and start pulling in Kriss Kross-type money, you'll see me wearing my pants backwards and dining at Sprout bi-monthly. Pray for me.
