Great atmosphere, fabulous menu selection, service could have been better. Went to Sunda for the first time finally after hearing such great reviews about it from friends.  The space was beautiful and while it was crowded, we didn't feel like we were on top of the next table.  Good menu selection and was excited to find some filipino dishes included on the menu.  We opted to just have sushi for dinner and truly enjoyed every bite.  The sushi prices are high but if you consider the ingredients used, portion, and freshness...it was well worth it.  Here is what we ordered and all were amazing! Kobe Beef Tartare on Pan Fried Sushi Rice - AMAZING! Surprised at the portion. Hand Cut Spicy Tuna with Jalepeno - Nice and spicy. Also surprised at the portion. Spicy Tako - Was ok.  Tasted more like imitation crab to me than octopus. Server recommended not using soy sauce but I needed it. Lobster and Wagyu Roll - FABULOUS!  My favorite roll of the evening. Server recommended not using soy sauce and was perfect without it. Scorpion Roll - Good. Had better soft shell crab rolls. Cocktail menu sounded great but tasted ok to me. Felt like the drinks could have been stronger.  Ordered the Go Go Berry and Mai Tai.  Nice presentation though. I would give 5 stars but the service was terrible.  I thought service would be great because we were approached by a server to welcome us and take our water preference before we got to take our coats off.  Turns out we had a different server and he took forever to come take our drink order, bring our drinks, take our dinner order and never once did he come to check on us.  He only came over to us because my friend would make eye contact with him when he was across the room.  I also asked for his recommendations for a cocktail and his response was pretty much that anything was good...at least tell me your favorite or what other people tend to get.  Our water glasses also were not filled up throughout our dinner, which is usually a sign of the quality of service. I am going again in a few weeks to try the entrees. Hope the entrees are just as delicious as the sushi and that the service will be better.
