On my last visit to Chicago I had time for once nice dinner. Where to go? i could visit old standbys, or try something new. I almost gave up on trying to go to Frontera Grill as I wasn't able to get a reservation - but my dining companion was game for a long wait and we figured there were plenty of other nearby options if we were thwarted in our quest. Frontera Grill it was, and what a wonderful decision. The food is glorious. Absolutely everything we ate was impeccable and bright and flavorful. We started with the guacamole. The guacamole is good ... of course the guacamole is good. But want to know what's better? The tomatillo salsa. I know, you're thinking, salsa? Seriously? You go out for high-end Mexican food and you want to talk about salsa? LET ME TELL YOU 'BOUT THIS SALSA. It has this crazy depth of flavor that will leave you neglecting your awesomely delicious guacamole so that you can sit and ponder what has gone into it. (Later, your waiter will be happy to tell you. But give up because you'll never manage to recreate it at home, you'll just have to move to Chicago.) It managed to outshine our second appetizer, a deliciously light jicama salad that I would have considered a triumph at any other meal. Alas, at this table, it became only an afterthought! (A delicious afterthought, though, you should totally order it.) For my entree I had the carne asada. It was served with sweet plantains, guacamole, and black beans. I learned something from this entree: I like black beans! I have never in my life enjoyed them, but after being happy with everything I'd eaten so far in my meal I decided to be brave and try them. Et voila! A new food I like to add to my repertoire. Thanks, Rick Bayless, for changing my mind about beans. Everything else on the plate was delicious and my steak was a perfect medium-rare - impressive since it was a fairly thin cut of beef. My dining companion was a vegetarian and while the options available to her were somewhat limited, she was very happy with her tacos with mushrooms. Our waiter noted her choice of entree and asked if she was vegetarian, he noted that the beans are cooked in pork and was quick to offer up alternatives. We both finished up our meal with a dessert of a duo of flans - while I am usually a fan of chocolate, the vanilla flan totally stole the show. By the time we left you could have rolled us home, but we wouldn't have missed a bite of it. Service was great. Our waiter was incredibly attentive even though he waTs also taking care of a table of 10 seated next to us. I was very impressed by the attentiveness of everyone, from the hostess to the manager in the dining room (who noticed my half-empty waterglass from across the room and had someone en route to replenish before I'd even gotten the glass down). And to top it all off? Rick Bayless was IN THE KITCHEN! With a chef of his fame and caliber I never expect that they've actually had a hand in making my food happen, but it appears that on this night I was wrong! It was lots of fun to get to see him sit down at the chef's counter and look over his kitchen. The party next to us was able to take pictures with him and say hello - jealous!
