Nothing says Chicago like deep dish pizza and we would've been shunned if we didn't come to Gino's to try a local staple. We went on a Tuesday night and had the fortune that some of our co-workers had gotten there 30 minutes before us and had already ordered. When approaching the building there was a line outside for seating purposes. Since our party was already there we didn't have to wait. The inside is amazing to me. It consists of two floors and on the outside doesn't look as huge as it really is (a TARDIS maybe?). The walls are littered with people writing leaving their mark on the building. Name a place that encourages tagging? That alone deserves a star! The wait for food can be pretty lengthy since they make everything from scratch. We ordered a dip deep (1 hour wait) and a thin crust pizza with sausage and bacon (35 minute wait). While waiting for the food we ordered their fried cheese ravioli as an appetizer. It came with a side of marinara sauce. Man that was delicious! I may have to try this at home because it just had a different tasted as opposed to when its boiled. Once the pizza arrived, the flat style pizza was cut up in pizza that was easy to collect. Our server divided up the deep dish to everyone. The flat style pizza was really tasty, but I could only eat so much. The sausage was really good, but for some reason me and sausage have a love hate relationship with each other and my stomach started to let me know that! On to the deep dish. I've had the California version of deep dish and they may want to take notes. This was indeed deep dish, but it wasn't as bready as some of the ones I've tried in LA. There was a thick layer of cheese and sauce. Pretty simple concept, but boy was it yummy! I think if we had only gotten the deep dish I would've been okay with just that. Their menu had a lot of other items available, but since that was our last night in Chicago the opportunity to try other items just wasn't there unfortunately. On my next trip (yes there will be one, I need a Yelp friend in Chicago to let me room up with...!) I'll certainly come here more than once! Like many of the other places in Chicago (regardless of whether you like it) is a must to try and I loved the experience and the food!
