If Victoria Beckham (AKA: "Posh Spice") actually ate, this is probably where she'd shop. In fact, I can see it all now: Posh would pull up to Fox & Obel, toss the free valet guy her Range Rover's keys, stomp up the steps in a pair of ungodly high-heels, & enter the store with that lovely pouty look upon her face. She'd inspect the beautifully-kempt organic fruits & veggies, separating them into piles depending on which ones were larger or smaller than her fake boobs. (Yep, not much in the former category.)  Then, Posh would enter the bakery/dessert section, which would clearly be the most difficult for her to ignore. She'd stare longingly at the beautiful tarts, apple turnovers, & tasty danishes behind the sheer glass case. ("What if I bought just one & watched David eat it," she'd wonder. "Would that still make me fat?")  After announcing that she eats "sweets" all the time, her perpetually flared nostrils would lead her over to the olive oil tasting bar. There, she'd identify several delicious scents, ranging from light & flowery to strong & peppery. Obviously, she wouldn't be able to partake in the sampling aspect of the bar - "Olive oil is SO fattening, you know."  Next, Posh would take two giant runway steps over to the imported cheese section, where both the atmosphere & pedigree of the fromage would rival her pseudonym. She'd eye the cheeses, puzzling over why blue mold ran through some of them, & green through others, although the section wouldn't hold her attention for long.  Finally, Mrs. Becks' last stop would be at the Cafe, where her assistant would order lunch. Posh would declare the set-up "major," specifically because of the giant window facing the street. Thus, although there were plenty of other seats available, she'd perch on the chair nearest the window, simultaneously admiring her reflection & feigning annoyance at the staring passersby. But sadly, she'd be too busy fantasizing about TomKat to notice that the red lentil soup her assistant ordered, complete with curried creme fraiche, was the most delectable thing that she'd ever pretend to eat.
