Now, everyone gives this place 5 stars? Why, maybe because they enjoy a stuffy atmosphere, a wack hostess with all sorts of attitude, and uncomfortable chairs and super pricey drinks.  Now don't get me wrong, there is a time and place for everything, sometimes you want a nice swanky place, sometimes you want a dive, sometimes you want a sports bar... but jiminy christmas... this place was almost too much. I mean, don't get me wrong, the drinks were excellent and masterfully mixed and served but gimme a break. This place might do better on the gold coast. The 20-30 something crowd that lives and works in wicker park wouldn't hang out here anyways. This place is designed for the yuppies to travel out of the Viagra triangle and lincoln park to have a "hipster adventure" in wicker park.  I cant honestly say that I had a good time there.  The hostess had the bitchiest vibe ever, our server was super nice but would come in intervals almost as if she was making sure that one person at my table had an empty glass and the other had a full glass. My date had to slam her drink to even things out. if you want a decent cocktail without the "stick up your arse" attitude and ridiculous seats, tables that have about 5 inches squared worth of usable space, don't go here. Not for everyone, plenty of people love it...but not me. The whistler blows this place clean out of the water in my opinion. I felt like i had to whisper in this place for some reason. So many damn rules and stuff. It has more of a museum like vibe than a relaxing bar/lounge environment.  The kind of feeling you have when your on one of those historical mansion tours, you feel tense and do more observing than anything else. Only thing it was missing was some tour guide narrating the ridiculously impractical seating and tables, pointing out the yuppies and explaining why they use ice cubes a certain way. No pictures, no cameras, no cellphones, don't touch the walls, don't smile, Jesus Christ... I was tense before I even got seated. felt like I had to whisper the whole time. TENSE! The hostess never said "hello", "how are you guys tonight?" Nothing, it was like a business transaction with no human appeal. "How many?" "Two?" "Sit there" "Here's your friggin menu" "Your waitress will be here whenever" Jesus Christ sorry for smiling!? Wack biscuits! Very unsettling to me.
