First, I have to say that the outdoor patio is amazing! The trees make it. I wish the chairs were a bit wider though. It was a perfect night for dining outside, and overall this patio did not disappoint. I did wish for a little less people density out there though. I did also notice that one of the trees was suckering and needed trimming. Now to the food. I know this restaurant is rustic Italian, but I kept looking for the TOMATOES and SPICES...where were they?? The food was so BLAND, and I think the lack of tomatoes was part of the reason why. We ordered the pizza as an appetizer...crust that was only slightly thicker than a piece of copy paper, some cheese, and mushrooms, that's about it. BORING. Also got the calamari. The coating tasted, I dunno, kind of rancid actually. I've been disappointed every single time I've had calamari stateside; nothing compares to having it in Spain on the coast (which I have done multiple times in multiple places in Spain), and this was no exception.  We also had the proscuitto/fig appetizer and I was not into that so did not try that, but I LOVE fresh figs and these did not look that juicy at all; plus, I thought there could have been more figs on this dish in proportion to the calamari. I did get the caprese salad and wondered why it did not seem to have any balsamic vinegar on it. There was, however, a cute small bottle of balsamic on the table, so I availed myself of it. It was served on this gigantic plate too, which made it seem like I was getting a teeny-tiny portion. I thought it was overpriced at $13.  For an entree I had the risotto, and this is only the second time I've had risotto. It was supposed to have tomatoes in it, but by then it was dark and I did not see any tomatoes (unless they were yellow). The risotto was just OK.  The waiter came with a beer for the person next to me and tripped, and spilled the beer all over my place setting and my lap--quite disappointing! The head waiter came over promptly, gave me club soda and a napkin, and offered to pay for the dry-cleaning. As my pants were machine-washable microfiber, and dried quickly, I told him it was no big deal (I would just smell like a bar! -- and I am not a big drinker, and did not order any alcohol that night--how ironic!). The service was slow like molasses. By the time I got my food, I was not in the mood to eat. It had been a long day already.  So for me, I would rather go elsewhere - Trattoria Dinotto is much higher on my list!.
