LOVE this place. Mia Francesca can do no wrong. What a beeotch, I probably gained 2 lbs after my meal here. No matter which location I've been to, food and service (typically) is stellar. We made 7pm reservations on a Friday night, and we were going to be late because we couldn't catch the purple or brown lines to save our life! So I called at 6:50pm hoping they'd be able to push us back to 7:30, and they did! The guy at the host stand was so super nice about it, I was completely surprised since it's Francesca's and they are always packed (but I guess it was still early for a Friday). So we get there at 7:30pm and they seat us right away and bring us water and menus. And yummy fresh warm bread - love the oil and herbs! They actually forgot to bring us the calamari we ordered, but they didn't charge us for it so I guess they forgot about it entirely. Oh well. Our entrees came out really quickly. One girl got the risotto dinner portion. It had too many veggies for my taste, but she loved it and said it was awesome. I don't know the name, but another friend and I both ordered the shell pasta with prosciutto, peas and mushrooms in a tomato cream sauce. I've had this before, and it was exactly the same as I remembered. The sauce is to die for, it was a wonderful mix of flavors, the perfect proportion of pasta to meat/veggies. Our other friend got the white fish and she said it was also very good, it looked huge, it covered the whole plate. All of us ate every single last bite. Too bad we ate all our bread, because I wanted to sop up every last bit of sauce. We got 2 desserts to share between the 4 of us. We got the puff pastry with apple and caramel ice cream on top. This dessert was really good, but it was really hard to split because the puff pastry was difficult to cut. So I didn't get to enjoy this dessert as much because it was on the other side of the table - boo. We also got this cappuccino mousse that was shaped in a ball, and covered in this chocolate magic shell with whipped cream and hazelnuts. It was really good, but a little too rich. It would have been awesome with coffee though, which we didn't get. Our bill came out to be about $22/person after tax, but not including tip. This was a steal for as much as we enjoyed the food.  Service - our waiter was really nice, pretty attentive, but we did have to flag him down a few times, but not because we were waiting all that long, but because we were impatient and had to catch a show. Water glasses were filled regularly. They brought our food and desserts out a lot quicker than I thought they would since it was so busy. One con that I can mention is that this place is frickin' LOUD. We were sitting right by the door, at a small table for 4, and we had to yell at the person across the table from us. I could barely hear what my friend sitting right next to me was saying! I can only imagine how loud it is in the back of the restaurant where there were more people. So I would say this is definitely a place for a small to medium sized group. It's also a good first date night with someone you're on the fence with, because it's so loud, if the date isn't going so well you can just blame it on the noise that you can't converse :)
