Just absolutely love this hotel, it's staff, and everything about it. Great location if you are visiting Chicago, want to be within walking distance of the great sites (i.e. Michigan avenue, Navy Pier, downtown, etc.), but do not want to be caught up in the tourist histeria of Michigan avenue hotels. The views of the river, lake, and city are outstanding if you get a city view that includes all.  Having traveled for years nearly 100% of the time earlier in my career, and staying downtown quite a bit, I think I have stayed at most of the great places in Chicago and in most big cities that I have been to. So I think I have seen it nearly all, both good and bad. This place is the most consistent that I have stayed at in Chicago outside of the Union League Club and the team here always exceeds my expectations, bar none. Traveling with the family? I really recommend their mini-suites that are along the river, with an adjoining room for the kids. Nice large room with lots of space to unwind, and with the adjoining room, you end up with two full bathrooms, three TV's, 3 phones, and 2 entry ways for everyone to fight over, plus a very large dining table if your order in, or need some extra space beyond the two desk areas to do work or have the kids play games. They really have kept the place up and it is very nicely appointed. As far as the earlier comments about knobs or dials instead of digital readouts, these don't bother me. I would hate for them to upgrade the units just to get more advanced readout displays, and our space was really well ventilated and comfortable. Pool and workout space is great, very clean, and well monitored. If you arrive early and your room is not available, or if you need a place to hang after checkout, I really recommend the club or concierge room on the 33rd floor.  Great complimentary snacks (great hors'vrs in the evening), fruit, coffee, tea, and bottled water, plus on the second level, great business center with computers for your use. Also, nice entertainment area for watching tv and relaxing. My real favorite is the leather massage chair. Really a nice perk! Oh, and if you are a starwood member (http://spg.com) you get express check in and check out, and you can use your points to get free rooms or discounted rooms that are an absolute steal. Be nice, and depending on availability, they will upgrade you for free. They are really happy to do it, and you'll be happy too!
