Alinea may as well be called "Alien-a" because it's simply an OUT OF THIS WORLD culinary experience!!! Haha that was cheesy. Onward... Not too long ago I watched the Andrew Zimmern Bizarre Foods episode where he dined at Alinea. I was fascinated by the crazy contraptions used to create their culinary creations and immediately put this restaurant on my "must try sometime in my life" list. Then I realized it was also a 3-starred Michelin Restaurant. THEN I was sent to a work trip out to Chicago. AND my boyfriend just happened to have a work trip that brought him out to Chicago the same week. Needless to say it was meant to be for us two foodies to pay this place a visit. "Subtle" would be the word I have for this location, but I'm too excited about the food so I'm diving right in (there ARE 22 dishes, after all). The first course composed of 3 mini-servings of "frozen drinks", all meant to be consumed in a single bite. 1) Lemon - luxardo bitter, luxardo amaro, grapefruit: a frozen bite of liquor lifted with a delicate pin - a bit bitter for me but a good refreshing start to the meal. 2) Apple - laird's apple brandy, grenadine, thyme: a piece of crunchy apple encapsulated in a jelly liquor served on a circular spoon - once again a foreign and enlightening experience for the taste buds 3) Squash - cynar, carpano antica, flor de cana 7 year: served on a mini tower, a flan-like substance with a tasty foam. This was my favorite of the three, likely because it was the sweetest. 4) Steelhead Roe - dijon, retabaga, grapefruit: creamy, full of "umami", zero hint of fishiness paired with the essence of grapefruit.. simply delicious. 5) Yuba - Shrimp, miso, togarashi: a crunchy twist of fried tofu skin, wrapped with tender shrimp and dipped in a perfectly seasoned miso sauce. The asian side of me is comforted by this little "snack". 6) Urchin - watercress, vanilla, mint: A vanilla "jello" of sorts encapsulating a small piece of sea urchin. A small bite exploding in different flavors... I can't even describe this one because it was a medley of the strangest flavors popping in and out of my mouth. This dish ends with a sip of watercress soup served beneath the jello. 7) Halibut - black pepper, coffee, lemon: One of my favorite dishes of the night and presented in a snowy-white art form. The fish was perfectly cooked, the hint of coffee flavor permeated occasionally, the crunchy "shrimp chips" and the flawless cream sauce played together in a strange, but perfect harmony. YUM. 8) Rabbit - Parfait, rillett, consomm: A three-tiered dish (literally, served in a 3 tiered cylindrical bowl) beginning with a cool rabbit parfait on the top layer that was creamy yet refreshing, culminated to a rabbit meat medley (a cube of shredded meat alongside a fried ball of meat) covered in king trumpet mushroom and surrounded by butternut sauce, and finally ending with a clear rabbit broth kept warm by a hot stone and flavored with a stick of cinnamon. 9) Wlid mushrooms - pine, sumac, ramp: Loving this mushroom medley of wild mushrooms from the Fresno foothills in CA (what what)... weirdly spongy but super flavorful... another favorite. 10) Hot Potato - cold potato, black truffle, butter: Another creative sip of soup served on a mini wax bowl with a pin poking through, spearing a bite of potato, black truffle, and frozen butter. Pulling the pin releases these items into a cold potato broth... this dish was particularly different. 11) Short Rib - olive, red wine, blackberry: Yet another favorite dish. Earlier during dinner we were presented with 2 red "flags" in criss cross formation, which seemed a strange table decor. At this point we realized that this "flag" was an edible homemade tomato pasta. This pasta was then draped over a metal, cradlelike contraption that made space for the most tender and tasty short rib I've ever eaten. A plate of sides and sauces containing sea salt, olives, blackberry, sour cherry were all fair game to garnish this "pasta short rib wrap". Likely the most luxurious "wrap" I will ever eat; I was blown away. 12) Hamachi - West Indies spices, banana, ginger: served on a smoldering piece of cinnamon, this fried dish had a very "Indian" vibe to it although the banana felt like the centerpiece. 13) Canard - a la Cussy: Lots of "best of"s during this meal, but this was the BEST DUCK I'VE EVER HAD. A puff pastry stuffed with duck innards, foie gras, cock's crest (first time trying... it was good), and topped with the 3 most tender slices of duck I've ever had along with a tiny piece of fried duck skin. I was getting really full at this point but I had to push through... 14) Venison - cherry, cocoa nib, eucalyptus: Once again, most tender piece of venison I've ever had. Not gamey, served on a "lily pad" like presentation that covered the bite of deer heaven. To be continued... yelp's 5000 word limit can't stop me...
