Not sure if the obnoxiously loud, large group at one table impacted our brunch, but it's reprehensible to have to wait over an hour to get your food. People next to us ordered just prior to us and they were fed,done and chatting while we still hadn't received our food. After waiting for 45 minutes, the waitress finally came over to say our food was on its way. NOT!!!!My daughter watched a table that came in at this point, seated, ordered their food and got it within 15 minutes of ordering and we still hadn't been served our food. At the one hour mark, I was ready to leave without getting our food, we were all getting cranky, except for the baby, she got fed and was ready to take a nap, but the rest of us were still waiting. When we finally got our food, the manager came over as a courtesy, not to apologize and he couldn't leave fast enough. I would have spoken up, but I had my mouth full of food and besides, my kids just wanted to eat at that point and go home.Another table of four came in and they'd only been waiting for a short time when the same manager came over to their table to apologize for making them wait six minutes longer than they generally allow and assured them the food was on its way and he then went into the kitchen and came back out to confirm their orders would be out momentarily. This really gnawed at us, but it especially pissed me off as when we finally did get our food, none of it was piping hot, except my english muffin that came out after the rest of the food was served and it was barely toasted. My omelet and home fries were warm, but that's all I can say for it. The omelet was brown around the edges and somewhat dry and the home fries were one notch above rubbery. I knew before they put the food on the table it would NOT be hot because the server didn't find it necessary to use a cloth to hold the plates, which they did for all the other tables. The food is clearly overpriced for waiting that long and especially as it wasn't done well. My daughter's quinoa burger was tasteless and my son-in-law still felt hungry after his meal was over. I felt truly bad because it was their idea to bring me out for brunch and they felt bad because it was such a disappointment. I did leave a message on the receipt to let them know that we would NOT be back and I recommend people reconsider trying this establishment.
