I know I have not been yelping of late, but this restaurant needs to be mentioned. DISCLAIMER: Said review is temporary, because I feel I need to revisit the restaurant again, before ripping a new hole. When a friend named TURBO comes into town, you are obliged to partake in the finest meats and cheeses. Ergo, after consulting with my Yelp Colleagues, I thought Wildfire would be a safe bet...unfortunately I was led astray. Atmosphere: Granted I walked in with a collared shirt, while my friend TURBO adorned a T-shirt and Backpack, but the atmosphere appeared a little more business casual. Walking in you notice it is a pretty crowded and noisy place, almost like a cramped Fogo, but adorned in a more upscale steak house decor. Tables are close together, but cozy, and a roaring fire near the back of the room for effect. Not the best place to have a conversation.  Service: We nicknamed our waiter Waldo....because most of the time we had no idea where he was. He was there when we ordered, and pretty much when things went bad...I will go into that later. Overall they are dressed professionally, adding to said "upscale" atmosphere. Food: "sigh" so we ordered the Chef's Recommendation Filet Medallions Trio, small "mini steaks" which offer you the option of using different "crusts" on each. Side note: Apparently Wildfire is known for their "crusts" i.e. stuff they put on their meat for added joy and rapture. They also give you a guide on how to cook your steak, Rare/Med/Med/Well etc. so effective you don't screw up. The Filet Medallions Trio when it came out was remarkably small, maybe 9-10 oz total. Also only 1 side comes with your meal. I had ordered as per manual my steak Med/Well. First Filet Medallions was exquisite, one of the best steaks I have had. However, when I came to the next two they were burnt beyond well done. I ate the second one out of denial, but by the third I knew something was up. TURBO being the carnivore he is got his steak med/rare, and it came out more Med/Well, so this might be pathologic. SInce Waldo was no where to be found we ended up waiting almost a half an hour before we could say our piece. I wasn't out for blood (mmmm medium rare), but wanted to speak my mind. We met with Waldo and maybe the assistant chief to the secretary (or something) Manager, who apologized.  Mommy Factor: Ehh, if all went well I am sure mom might not mind this place. It is really noisy, and the frenzied wait staff might turn her off. Date Factor: Again upscale to be a good date spot, but close quarter might kill a degree of romanticism. Though there was a couple both dressed in matching blue, I nearly choked on my overdone Medallion. Bling: Our meal was $28 a piece, which was our "steaks" and one side, with all the bread two strapping lads could eat. In the end, since I was politely angry, and using phrases like "inadequate degree of quality assurance" and "only a modicum of concern" the apologetic waiter put the meal on the house. Which I had to say I appreciated, but in hindsight was justified. Ohh well. Again I have to say I am not comfortable keeping 2 stars, because the first steak made me think this could be a really good place. However, it goes to show that even Michael Jordon missed a layup once in a while. Though I want to revisit in future to see if this was a fluke.
