NO TABLE FOR YOU!, YOU CAN EAT ON BARREL! TABLES AVAILABLE AT 10:30 PM OR LATER FOR APPETIZERS. WOULD YOU LIKE ONE COMRADE?It was the worst condescending treatment I have ever encountered. Let me explain. Having going to revolution since it first opened we really only have had good things to say about the food and beer, but that night took the cake. no matter how good the beer may be, we will not be back. Unless Morgan the host leaves or is fired.Arriving we knew it was crowded, so we got two beers at the bar and were prepared to wait for a table to eat. I asked the girl up front and she said I would have to speak with the host morgan. I asked him if we could get on their list for a table. I was interrogated and grilled about my dinning choices like it was the Spanish Inquisition. Are you going to eat? Yes, What exactly? appetizers or dinner? He barked orders. I know the name is Revolution but whose revolution is it? Is this communist Russia or Germany before the fall of the Berlin Wall? I Didn't know I have to clear my choice with the Gestapo host before we are seated. I felt like this was from an episode of Seinfeld's the Soup Nazi. I felt like he was going to ask me next how much am I going to spend tonight to be qualified to sit at a table. I have never been interrogated on my food choices anywhere. This is America buddy. Where are you from? I told him drinks and some appetizers. Apparently drinks and some appetizers are just not good enough to warrant a table at this joint. What came next out of this guy's mouth really stunned me. I was told You can order your appetizers and eat it on THE BARREL. NO JOKE!!! He then told me tables are for dinner only and tables for appetizers will open up at 10:30 or LATER. Are you bleeping kidding me? First off their Barrel is about 12 inches wide. How are two beers and two appetizers going to fit. Am I expected to juggle my beer while I eat my food from my lap? Are you an idiot or just trying to see how far you can push us to walk out of here? You really must want to get rid of us? I laughed told him no thanks I will not be eating on a BARREL tonight and and walked away. I told my husband exactly what he told me. He couldn't believe it. We made light of it and joked. no sense in ruining the evening. It was St. Patty's day so we stayed to finish our beers and hoped he would come up to us in a bit and tell us this was some big joke or a mistake has been made. Well we waited and an hour later no one except us were waiting and it looked like tables were available. We gave him time to think about how ridiculous he was and to fix it. Total JERK. We walked out and went to eat else where. We only stayed because we really like the beer. The next day I called the owner and he seemed mildly interested, apologized and said he would look into it. I expected him to say He told you what? but he acted like this was nothing unusual. They must tell all their customers to eat off a barrel. He asked me for my name and to email him regarding the matter. WHY? I just told you the whole story dude. Why am I going to take time to re tell the tale? Doesn't make sense. I gave him my name and number and haven't heard from him since. I guess the owner just does not care. Enough treatment like this and I'm sure Revolution will loose a lot of customers. Don't bother going to Revolution unless you want to be interrogated and want a side of abuse with your beer!  Joann R
