Believe it or not, I ate here in September 2009 and had this review saved for several months! So, here it is, for what it is: Imagine waiting in line at the Post Office being totally disgruntled when you get a text message saying that you're going to Alinea in two days. Well, it happened to me, and truthfully, I almost couldn't go. "Couldn't go??" you shout? "Are you crazy!?" Well, working until 9pm on a Wednesday night leaves little room to arrive at a 9:30 reservation. But thanks to my managers who let me leave early and the fact that I changed, met my boyfriend, and practically broke the speed of sound driving there, we arrived right on time! ::phew:: Now to the main event. I was so nervous walking in, it was almost as if I was going to meet the President rather than sitting down to dinner. You walk down a long corridor and sliding doors open where lovely servers greet you warmly. To your right, you catch a glimpse of the kitchen where the best food is being prepared just for you. How exciting! My boyfriend, his friend, and I were seated upstairs. We were fully prepared to do the 23 course "tour" as it is called, but we did not get the wine pairings with it. Instead, we were encouraged to try a nearly 30 year old wine that would go with almost everything we tried that night. We were given nothing but the best service, knowledge about what we were trying, and care. Alinea loves you. And you can't help but love it back. I can't count the number of times my boyfriend and I looked in awe over our friend's head at what wonderful treats we would be given next. We were scolded like children for not answering a question or paying attention to a story. But it can hardly be helped! When you are given pheasant tempura skewered on a burning branch of oak leaves, or a tube of long pepper, hibiscus, and creme fraiche to mimic the taste of bubble gum, what else can you do but gasp in delight like a 5 year old meeting Mickey Mouse for the first time at Disney World?? You clap your hands in delight and close your eyes encasing every taste, smell, and sound your senses explode upon you. It's like a dream you never want to end. But end it does, and what an ending! The table cloth removed, and a special silicone mat placed over the table. Two chefs come out (one of them being none other than Grant Achatz himself!) and pour an overwhelming amount of freeze dried blueberries, chocolate mousse, and even a tobacco sauce all over the table! We were given nothing but a spoon and then we had to duke it out on who ate what and got the last bites. The servers were funny, caring, and catered to all our needs. We asked questions, we engaged them in conversation, and there was nothing but smiles all around.They weren't pretentious or snobby. Although we ate for nearly 3 hours, I was comfortably full and couldn't ask for anything more. I have nothing but praise and good words for Alinea. Anyone who says less was probably having a bad day before they stepped inside. At the end of the best meal of your life, you are given a small menu listing what you ate during your "tour." Asking nicely, we wondered if Mr. Achatz would sign our menus, to which the waiter agreed. "Refine and Redefine!" is written on mine. It holds very true to Alinea's mantra. Did I say that Alinea loves you? Because I love it right back.
