I'm in the industry and greatly appreciate the product, pace, and atmosphere offered by the Violet Hour.Any comments about this place being too pretentious and folks having problems with the rules? Those folks should get over themselves.The rules? No cell phones, no baseball caps, no Jagerbombs or similar bombs. The other rules amount to something along the lines of order off the menu, drinks and otherwise and don't act like you're a complete ass and like the world revolves around you and you alone. I know, it's asking a lot for some folks.If you want to order a pitcher of Bud Light, shots of Jameson, a mundane cosmo, or chicken tenders or a burger and fries with a kosher pickle accompanied by yellow mustard and Heinz ketchup, even though it isn't on the menu, this isn't the place to go, that's all. If that doesn't suit you, trek out to the burbs or to the Gold Coast for some customer-is-always-king/queen-place-even-if-it's-not-on-the-menu-and-we-have-to-run-to-Jewel-or-Dominick's-to-get-the-ingredients place, and enjoy the perceived product and service you receive.But then, there are dozens of places to go for that kind of thing.If you want a well crafted cocktail with great ambiance, and waitstaff that is attentive without being overbearing or intrusive, this is a great place. The music isn't so loud to inhibit conversation and actually adds to the atmosphere rather than dominating or detracting from it, which is rare enough in itself.Given the cost of a Captain and Coke in many places in town that aren't dives, $12 for a well crafted cocktail is far from outrageous, even if it takes a few minutes longer than it takes to pour an ounce of crappy rum into an 8 oz. Coke. You want shooters and $7 generic martinis in 37 seconds, go to Bar Louie or some such place. Here, you get a unique cocktail, staff that is aware but hands off, and a killer atmosphere. Well worth the $12 and a relatively short wait (although the last time I went was on a Tuesday around 9:00 and I didn't wait at all).The space provides a wonderful sense of privacy with the 7' tall chair backs and seating limited to the number of people in your party. It's a comfortable, relaxed environment, The smoked trout crostini is not only really tasty but it's a steal at $6. (The cheese plate ,on the other hand, was pretty good but over priced at $14).Don't let the nay sayers sway you, just understand that it isn't a high volume, drunk frat house bar that will do anything and everything to appease you, and you'll have a great time.And ask to sit in Aubrey' section. My date and I both thought she rocked.
