Been here twice - loved it both times. First time we ordered way too much food and were very uncomfortably full (like I made my husband sit at the table for 30 minutes after our meal until I could move) but the second time we knew the perfect amount of food to order. The first time my husband and I each ordered a premier fondue dinner, which comes with a cheese fondue appetizer, salad, your entree with oil for cooking, and chocolate fondue for dessert. This was way too much, we could barely ever touch the chocolate by the end (and i can eat with the best of them). So here's the perfect amount of food that you still won't be able to finish it all but won't be uncomfortably full. Order 1 premier dinner and then an order of cheese and chocolate fondue for the second person. Also, I recommend asking for broth instead of oil to cook your food. It doesn't taste any different and everything is less greasy and you don't get oil all over your plate (and maybe yourself). As far as the food goes, I think everything was great. Now you could probably replicate a lot this meal at home if you really wanted to but a lot of what you're paying for is the ambiance. The salad was very good but, of all the courses, was my least favorite. The cheese fondue is just amazing. I would be happy if my entire meal was cheese fondue. You get apples, grapes, and bread for dipping. I think the cheese fondue is the best part of the whole meal but I also really like cheese. A lot. For entrees, I've gotten the deluxe seafood entree both times and it's delicious. You get lobster, shrimp, and scallops. They give you 8 different dipping sauces as well, so it's fun to try them all. It might look like you don't get very much meat, especially if you split an entree, like I recommend, but they also give you a ton of vegetables (which taste great in the dipping sauces) and you still have a huge dessert coming. Dessert is chocolate fondue with a variety of fruit, pound cake, and marshmallows. All very good. They flambe the chocolate and you get to roast marshmallows in the flame until it burns out. I'm not a huge chocolate fan, but love fruit and marshmallows, so I was happy. Any chocolate lover would absolutely love this dessert. This is definitely a very intimate, dimly lit restaurant meant for a celebration or romantic dinner date. The fun of this place is the experience. The service was great and I never felt rushed or ignored. They have no problem delaying courses to give you time to let your food digest, as I heard a lot of people ask (I'm telling you people, it's A LOT of food). Overall, definitely a great date spot!
