My three friends and I took a cab here on a rainy Friday night about 2 weeks after the opening. We weren't sure how busy it would be because of the rain, but took our chances anyway. We got there and it was quite packed. When you first walk in the dining area it feels like an old German beer hall (clearly what they were trying to achieve). Very busy and quite friendly feeling. We stood awkwardly with our wet coats as there were no open tables for drinks at that time. Once a table opened up we shared it with another small group and talked about what we had heard about the restaurant and what we were going to order. I had my heart set on the tartar as I had never had it before and was interested in trying it. We talked about longer (total wait time was about 45 min to an hour), and then were finally seated in one of the gated booths (probably the best place to get seated if you want an intimate experience your group). We ordered and the wait staff was very friendly and were very on top of everything. I ordered the tartar which was excellent. The taste of the kobe beef was phenomenal. Very smooth and tasteful, nothing like you would think eating raw meat would be like. The frites were just okay, sort of McDonald's-esque but that could be because of the color, shape, etc. My friend Adam also ordered the tartar and was very satisfied. Plates were cleaned. As for the other two people I was with, one ordered the mussels and the other ordered the chicken sausage. I tried the mussels and let me tell you, these were the best mussels I have ever had. Better than Hopleaf's. The white wine sauce they were cooked in was incredible. That could have been a meal in itself. And as far as portion goes, you get a ton, you are not leaving this place hungry that's for sure. If you are one of those people who are freaked out by getting sick from mussels but want to try, this is the place to do it. Be adventurous because it will only benefit you. Summary - great atmosphere, great beer/wine list (if you can drink beer, I cannot), great food.
