don't believe the hype. my wife and i went to sun wah wanting so much to find a new asian restaurant with good food. the reviews on this place sounded as if you could not go wrong, wrong. first the atmosphere in the place is as if you are in a huge cafeteria - really no aviance just come in and get your food. i do not have a problem with that as long as the food quality and taste makes you forget your surroundings so after you are seated we looked around and it was a good diverse crowd with what seemed like a large staff serving the people. however it was literally 10 minutes before someone showed up to our table and just appeared out of no where and asked are you ready to order - no hello how are you or would you like a drink, just are you ready order. i wanted to get a taste of what the peking duck tasted like without ordering the full meal and the waitress instructed me to try one of the ducks at the top of the menu ranging in size; small, medium and large. so i ordered the duck and my wife ordered her entree (mixed vegetalbes and tofu) an appetizer (fried scallops) and pea pod greens. the waitress put the order in and the duck showed up in less than two minutes all sliced and ready to be eaten - mind you nothing else not the appetizer or even our drinks. just a plate filled with a half of duck. my wife and i sat and looked at the duck for a few minutes, then i took a piece and tasted the duck. the duck was bland and gamey in smell and in taste - my wife did not even want to taste it after smelling the duck. so we sat at the table and joked for about the next 5 minutes about why would someone drop off a plate of meat and just leave. so i go to the front counter and ask one of the waitresses standing at the counter if they could take it back into the kitchen and put it under warming light or something - she did, and eventually brought out all the food together with appetizer. all the food was bland and tasteless except the pea pod greens. so i ate the greens and my wife picked at her platter and when the waitress asked if we wanted it all wrapped to go, we got the vegetables and greens to go and left the duck practically untouched.save your money go to panda or that place down the street, but do not go out of your way for crappy food
