Went here on Tuesday the 12th (I think) after seeing it leaving Rosded. Like Rosded, you get take the Brown line to Western if you're an El'er, though the parking lot across the stress is only $1/hr for us drivers. Place is decently big, probably sits near 100 if really busy, and split into three sections, with the first bound to be the coldest during the winter since it's the one with the door. Draft dodgers should sit in the middle or south section. Nice enough otherwise inside--all dark wood sorta cool. The menu is as extensive as Rosded--though every item more expensive. I tried the Crab Rangoon ($4.50, $4.99 deliv)) which were good, but the sauce was underimpressive--nearly tasteless and so thin so as to not stick to the wonton at all. Wife had the Fried Tofu ($3.99) which were also okay (I sampled one), though again the accompanying sauce was marginal. I was really underimpressed by the Kuay Tiew Kee Mao (drunken noodles, $6.50, $6.99 deliv), which had very little spiciness (even though I ordered medium [in Thai] and wife ensured I got it right), was minimal in terms of taste and bulk. It was small, the beef so-so, and very little of the accompanying veggies--to top it off, it was warm at best, not close to hot. Wife got Pad Ped Pla Dook ($8.59) which is stirfried catfish which she said was only OK (not a fish guy, I dare not try), but it looked pretty--was also warmer than mine, though not spicy either. Think this is a BYOB place, though I coulda sworn a saw a minimal bar?!?!?! Also have delivery, though keen observers will note the delivery menu--or the take out if they hand you the paper copy--has prices $0.50 or more than you'd pay eating in--don't know what that's about really, but our bill would have been about $2.50 more on the four things we ordered, not to mention a $2.50 fee on top (I'm okay with that). My guess is bill will run 15-20% more than Rosded for no added value, though still not real expensive compared to some other joints. Probably do 3.5 stars if available, but that's about it. Probably won't go back with Rosded across the street and far superior.
