Yes, yes, yes; 5 stars. Had Davanti only been a wine bar/charcuterie, I would still have to give 5-stars. Davanti has a really phenomenal wine list. Many selections that are easy on the wallet and selections available for the more selective palate. And each and every server I have encountered (on the many times I've been) have been very knowledgeable as to the wine. Not being very versed in Italian wines, but French and American, I often talk wine selection through with the server. And often a server will feed rehearsed speeches per varietal. But I have not found that at Davanti. And- you have the option for by the glass and quartino, of many wines (including some great bubbly- the glass pour of prosecco is really nice). I have only a handful of times been unimpressed by service. But you can't have the crem de la crem each visit. The charcuterie is really great. There is nothing better than sipping on a nice wine, pair with some cheese, proscuitto, and fruit on raisin toast.  Onto the food. Davanti does shared plates, something that's been hot lately. But some places don't do it as well as others. Davanti does small plates really well. I've had each and every pizze- and each and every pizze is really great. The crust is that true-to-italian crust. Though pizza isn't technically "italian,' in Italy you'll find dishes reminiscent of pizza, with a very thin, crispy crust. And that's just what Davanti serves. They also have a Polenta + Ragu of the day, and a number of really tasty vegetarian and meat dishes. The steak and crispy pork belly are by far my two favorites.  All in all, Davanti can and will provide something for every occasion. Whether you want a 3pm break of solitude, a business lunch, or dinner with friends, Davanti has what it takes to satisfy a range of taste buds. Parking in Little Italy can be a slight challenge. They do valet for both lunch and dinner, and there is meter parking along Taylor. But if you're like me, of that Chicagoan population that refuses to pay for parking, park two blocks south on roosevelt or on loomis just north of roosevelt, there is always hidden strips of street that isn't permit parking.
