As a recent transplant, my mission in Chicago to this point has been to find the best burger the city has to offer. I heard about L&E on ahamburgertoday as having one of the better burgers in town. Eager to try it out, my girlfriend and I headed over to Logan Square on a gray, windy, and rainy Saturday afternoon for lunch. Arriving, the one thing we immediately noticed was that there was no host to be seen. We stood waiting by the door for several minutes, catching stares from other diners in the cozy front dinging room/bar area. We were finally seated and handed the brunch menu, which is basically just breakfast and lunch menus. We put our order in with our waitress--obviously I went with the burger, medium, while my girlfriend opted for the BLT with fried egg--and then we waited. And waited. And waited some more. Diners at tables on both sides of us had been seated and ordered in the time after we had placed our orders. After about 20 minutes, out waitress returned to confirm I had indeed ordered fries with my burger. That was a pretty clear indication she had never put our order in. I can understand if a server is frazzled and made an honest mistake, but it was Saturday around 12--not too crowded, and instead of copping to her mistake and apologizing, letting us know where our food is, she basically lied to us. So we wait another 20 minutes. Meanwhile, the couple to the right of us is served and eating. The hipster girl to our left who has been busy getting chatted up by the host--who is too busy slinging game than greeting and seating customers and tending to the door that is blowing open every 5 minutes because of the wind--gets her eggs benedict AND BLT. We are pissed. Our food finally arrives. We are offered no explanation as to why it took over an hour for them to prepare a cheeseburger and BLT. The thick slab of cheddar on my burger is not even melted, which is strange because as I bite into my burger, all I see is gray. So while there was ample time to overcook the burger, there was no time to melt the cheese. The beef was mealy and dry, not a drop of juice, and pretty tasteless. The bun was a brioche that was wayyyyyy too much for the burger. Every bite was disgustingly dry, bready, cheddary. The egg on the BLT was rubbery as well. We were sorely disappointed. We left Longman & Eagle pretty pissed. The service was bad and the food was worse. It was clear no one was trying. We won't be back.
