Gastropubs have been popping up everywhere in the past few years. But according to Michelin, Longman and Eagle is the only one in Chicago that is worthy of a Michelin star.  The amuse bouche was a spring vegetable soup. Very nice and a good way to start the meal. Buffalo frog legs had a great sauce and blue cheese dip. But the frog legs were too sinewy, probably at no fault of the kitchen. I understand it's novel and hip, but if chicken works better, why change up a classic just for the sake up changing? English pea agnolotti was great. I could definitely taste the freshness of the produce and the infused truffle. Pork belly was fine. The meat was well executed, and both the fern and the ale foam were interesting additions to the dish. But the belly itself was too lean - tasted like pork shoulder. I brought this up to the waitress, and she said the kitchen actually makes a point of trimming it so it's not fat. Hmm, she either didn't know what she was talking about or the kitchen was missing the point about pork belly. Either way the execution per se had no fault. The chicken entree was superb. Flavors were great, and the chicken was tender and had a nice sear. The "mac n cheese" that accompanied the dish was actually orecchiette, which was cooked to perfection.  They are big on whiskeys, but since I was driving, I'd have to try them next time. The dessert menu also looked good, but I was too full to order more.  Decor is what you'd expect from a bar, though they do have a back dinning room that looks more like a restaurant. Service was adequate for a bar but rather unknowledgeable for Michelin-level cooking.  If you just look at the food, it is certainly proper 1-star Michelin cooking - great produce, great execution, and great presentation. But to get a second star, they need to cut down the number of ingredients on the plate and think about what ingredients work the best rather than what ingredients sound unusual. I think its neighbor, Lula Cafe, has equally good if not better food. Why Lula doesn't have a star, I have no idea. But suffice to say that Logan Square is quickly becoming one of my favorite food neighborhoods in Chicago.
