I needed a place to stay after moving out of my apartment on my way out of town for a new job. I lived less than a block away from the Hotel Indigo, and with the Ambassador East under renovation, it was really the only choice in my neighborhood. The normal rates for this place are nuts - $180/night. If you use Hotwire or Priceline you pay at least half that, but keep in mind you lose the ability to choose your bed type or smoking/non-smoking preferences. I was placed in a smoking room - at the front desk, they cheerfully told me I could "upgrade" to a non-smoking room for $75/night (which basically nullifies the rate I found on Hotwire), and when I showed no interest in that, they brought it down to $40. Since all I really needed was a bed, and a place to bathe, it wasn't the end of the world, and I declined all their upgrade offers. My room faintly smelled of cigarette smoke, and I could barely even notice it. The hallway, on the other hand, had a noticeable odor. Thankfully my room was near the elevators so I was exposed to that for only a few seconds. The room was adequate... I wouldn't define it as tiny but it might feel that way if two people were in the room. The seashore motif was not that annoying. The bed, however, was on wheels, and would start rolling away from the headboard (wall-mounted) which was very cumbersome. Also, a large wooden tray with glasses and an ice bucket is on the bed and there really isn't any convenient place to put it when you're ready to lie down. In terms of other room features: the TV was dated (LodgeNet? I had to laugh at the welcome screen's voice-over actress: Canadian - "Welcome to Chicag-OH, and thank you for staying at Hootel Indig-OH") but I definitely enjoyed the Keurig coffee brewer, with a cup of tea at night before bed and a cup of coffee first thing in the morning. The bathroom was only a shower, with a strange showerhead that I eventually figured out, however all the fixtures were new, and the Aveda bath and body products were a nice touch. The front desk staff were smart enough to give me the WiFi password when I checked in - I always hate getting to my room, pulling out my laptop, and having to call the desk to get the password. That said, the only problem I really had was with the lack of bellhops. Normally I wouldn't need any help with my luggage, but since I was moving I had six pieces of luggage. When I arrived, they didn't have anyone available immediately. I waited about 15 minutes. (The nice gentleman at the front desk literally had an aneurysm calling for assistance on the radio multiple times.) The morning I left, I called early and gave them a half-hour's notice that I needed some help. Nobody showed and I had to take care of everything myself - I was taking an airport shuttle and couldn't risk missing it. All in all, it was a decent place to stay, but just remember, if you book through a discounted booking site, you're not going to get a lot of options from this place.
