How cool is this place? Way cooler than I am, let me assure you, but they let me in anyway. I'm pretty sure it's cause I said I would pay for the drinks I got. That seemed to win them over. I'm not quite sure what I can add. There are going to be people that love this place, and there are going to be those that hate it. I am of the former persuasion. From the moment I had to go through the "secret" entrance, to the dimly lit seating areas, the high-backed chairs, and the whole air of speakeasy exclusivity, I was in love. I was with a larger group, eight or so people, and we managed to get right in (early-ish on a Saturday evening) and seated in a relatively comfortable area tucked away at the back. Let's talk about the not-so-great first: The waitress was super-friendly, but seemed to forget us at times, which sucked when we were ready to order drinks, knowing it would take about 20 minutes to see our orders come to fruition. The music got a little overwhelming at times. They could definitely stand to lower it, put on a little jazz or something to fit the mood a bit more. I don't need heavy beats and technopoprockdisaster blaring my eardrums half to bleeding. And the "tables" are super tiny. If you order food, prepare to hold either the plate or your glass with a group the size of mine. Onto the great: Seriously, aside from the music, the atmosphere is unbelievably cool. It's exactly what I want in a lounge when I go. It's dark, intimate, and inviting. The drinks are out of this world. I had a Six Corner Sling (Old Overholt, Lemon, Punt e Mes, Grapefruit Bitters), and it is, by far, the best mixed drink I have ever tasted. I would recommend it to anyone, whether you like whiskey or not. Also try The Berliner (Tanqueray, Lemon, Gilka Kummel, Apricot, Egg Yolk, Tangerine Bitters). This may be a little bit more hit or miss. It's extremely complex, but if you develop a taste for it, it's wonderful. I also tried the sammies, two of the duck confit and one of the BBQ pulled pork. The pulled pork was good, nothing special, but the duck? Wow. Can't recommend that sandwich enough. The best part of the night, though, had to be the Fried Peanut Butter-Banana Bites with Wildflower Honey and Bacon. I knew I was going to like these, because I'm American, so I'm a sucker for anything that's deep fried. Add bacon? Well, that's just not fair. It's a peanut buttery bacon banana explosion in your mouth. The flavors are perfect together, and everyone in my party loved them. Go for these alone and I promise you will not regret it. Overall, the few faults, which may repel others who find those things more important, were not enough to keep me from having one of the best dining experiences yet. Go to The Violet Hour. Live The Violet Hour. Love The Violet Hour.
