I don't have a whole lot of 5 star reviews, but this one is by far the most deserving. Comparing the Melting Pot to this place is like comparing McDonalds to the Weber Grill. Geja's Cafe blows the Melting Pot so far out of the water it's ridiculous. Normally, when you go out to eat you will end up at a place that can be considered amongst one of the three following categories: 1. expensive with very good quality but hardly any quantity. These are your typical "artistic" looking meals for presentation 2. not very good, but you are given a whole crap load to eat 3. "Just ok" with a decent amount to eat that will leave you feeling somewhat full by the end of the meal. This is your, "Sure, I'd go there again" type food because it was totally affordable, you were able to eat it without feeling like you'd throw it back up, and once again it was totally affordable! THEN, there is Geja's Cafe. This place is for the fondue lover whether it be cheese or chocolate. I heart both cheese and chocolate, so it was heaven. The quality was matched perfectly with the quantity that it was almost sick. The food here had us saying "mmmmm" after just about every bite AND we were so full by the end that we were breathing heavily the whole way home. It literally took us about 2 hours and 45 minutes to finish our food (which btw we didn't finish it all), partly because we were savoring each bite. This place can be somewhat on the pricey side, or it can actually be very affordable. You have your options. Just like the chocolate? Stopping by for the dessert platter might set 2 ppl back at about $15 (incl. tip). There is sooo much chocolate, fruit, cake, etc. though that you will consider it more than well worth it. The same goes for those just getting the cheese fondue (which comes with and endless amount of bread, grapes, and apples). They only have the original Swiss fondue here made with gruyere cheese, but that doesn't even matter. The fondues are also not your typical "chain" fondue places that serve the types of mixes that remain somewhat thick even after having been on the burner forever like *cough* The Melting Pot *cough*. Like meat, seafood and veggies? Well, cook the lot in oil and dip it in any of the 10 or so unique sauce choices they give you and you got yourself a party! The actual meat/seafood dishes can be pricey per person (depending on what you get since lobster is incl. in some of them), but I have definately spent more on a special occasion and have had less both in quality and quantity. Going out for a birthday or anniversary? It will not break your bank. For two people (we ate for about three) we had 3 courses of different types of delicious fondues to share (1. cheese, 2. meat/seafood/veggies, and 3. chocolate). This included all of the dipping food for the cheese and chocolate fondues, and four glasses of wine = a little over $100 w/out tip. I can go on about the food, but I think the service and atmosphere deserve as much credit. This place is so cute and romantic that it makes you all smiley when you walk in. The lighting is very dim and much of it comes from candle light, the tables are surrounded by bottles of wine stored in the walls, the hanging fixtures are very "hip", and the booths are semi-private with nice drapery along the sides.  The service is also excellent. They are very polite, and they make you feel very welcomed. I highly recommend that you give this place a try over another fondue restaurant is you are considering this type of cuisine.
