Piccolo Sogno means "Little Dream." It was only fitting that we came for a late-night dinner after we watched Peter Pan at the nearby Tribune theater venue.    The bread service was decent, with a very nice house-EVOO. The calamari was great - with a light and evenly coated breading - perfectly fried. The squid-ink spaghetti had ample seafood flavors. The pasta itself was hand-made: rustic in appearance and great in texture. It was slightly overcooked, however. The papparadelle with lamb meatballs was also great. The meatballs had great flavors (enhanced by herbs). The pasta was also handmade. Very good. Again, I just wish it was a bit more al dente. Maybe my personal preference is more al dente than the average Americans, as my two dining companions were completely fine with the texture of the pasta (so take my words with a grain of salt). The mushroom risotto was textbook execution - great consistency; ingredients were chopped so that they don't overpower the rice. Unfortunately, the dish was a bit under-seasoned, and the giant slice of mushroom garnish was unnecessary. The branzino sea bass was cooked whole. The waiter brought it out and showed us, and then brought it back to the kitchen to de-bone and garnish. It was cooked perfectly. And the citrus flavor from the mandarin orange paired well with the fish. I wish they de-boned the fish table-side, which would have provided a great show. The dessert was great. We got the tartufo with pistachio and white chocolate gelati. The gelati had pronounced flavors (in fact it was the most intense pistachio flavor I've had in a gelato or ice cream), which contrasted well with the flavor and texture of the chocolate shell. We also got a scoop of zabaione-flavor gelato - best flavor for a gelato, ever!  They have a well-balanced and affordable Italian wine list. The waitstaff, without the help of a sommelier, was actually quite helpful in suggesting wine choices. We got a bottle of 2007 Beretta Chianti Classico. The well-placed tannin and fruit-forward (yet not cloyingly sweet or acidic) flavor made it a great companion to Italian food.  Service was friendly and helpful. Decor was modern classy yet eclectic - reminded me of Violet Hour. I liked the interior, but I can't help but feel that it was a mismatch with its food, which was on the rustic side. They have a great al fresco space. I will probably take advantage of that next time.  All in all, this was a great experience. Other than the slightly overcooked pasta, everything was authentic-Italian. I will be back for sure.
