I will NEVER recommend this hotel after the horrible way the staff there treated my family.While it is a nice hotel and conveniently located off Michigan Avenue, the absolute horrid, disrespectful service has left me and my family with a bitter taste in our mouths for this place.My family traveled from New Orleans for my graduation and stayed at this hotel so they could be in a nice area and in a good location to the tourist attractions they wanted to see. About a month or two after my dad booked the hotel, he got a call that there was fraudulent activity on the credit card he used to reserve the rooms (even though they were already paid for). My dad canceled that account and alerted the hotel of this in advance, and then when we checked in, he offered to put another credit card on file and the front desk said that wouldn't be a problem. My extended family decided to stay in town for an extra 2 nights, and in advance my dad asked to extend the reservation. He repeatedly went to the front desk to ask if they needed a credit card on file and if they needed to transfer the room into my aunt and uncle's name. The front desk said that would be no problem. When my father checked out, he again confirmed that my family would be staying in the second room and if everything was okay, and the people at the front desk again said no problem.After my family arrived back in New Orleans, they had hysterical voicemails from my aunt because she was locked out of the room. The front desk said the rooms weren't paid for or reserved, so instead of contacting my aunt or my dad -- or even bothering to leave a note on their door, where all of there stuff was -- they just locked my family out. My dad was on the phone for nearly 2 hours between my frantic aunt and the hotel management who blamed my dad for the miscommunication, despite the fact my dad asked the front desk SEVERAL TIMES if the room was reserved for an extended stay and if they needed info on file (turns out, the morons at the front desk never bothered to write anything down). When everything was finally worked out, my dad asked for the hotel to comp him part of the rate for all of the headache and aggravation he went through and for locking my family out of their room without a notice and they said THERE WAS NOTHING THEY COULD DO. Um, bull.My dad held his ground and said that it was ridiculous that because of their negligence we had to go through all of this, so they finally gave my aunt 50% off their last 2 nights and 3 breakfast coupons. Took a few hours to get that.Everyone understand that people make mistakes, but the hotel failed by not only refusing to acknowledge that they made one, but then they tried to blame my dad for it instead of own up to the mistake and simply fixing it.I WILL NEVER RECOMMEND STAYING AT THIS HOTEL!
