After rave reviews from both Yelp and my best friends, I had to get my tail to Coast to see what all the hype was about. Let me say, I was not that impressed. First, the staff. I called in the cab on the way there to get the address and the conversation went a little like this.... Me: Hi. Where are you located. Host: Damen Me: Damen and what... Host: Uhh..closest cross street is Ashland. Me: Great! Do you take reservations Host: Ummm..if you would have called a week ago maybe. But not now. Me: Ok, whats the wait right now. Host: A half hour at the least. Me: Ok, well we are about 5 minutes away in our cab, would it be ok for me to put our name it now? Host: No Me: Ok well we'll be there soon. Thanks (Click) When we got there, a different host (female, the one on the phone was male) didn't even take our names. We were seated right away. Um ok? I thought the atmosphere was nice...but it was so loud! I dont mind a loud resturant but my date and I were practically yelling at eachother. We ordered some miso soup and instead were brought edamame. When they brought our soup, the waitress realized our mistake and took the edamame away. It was a little confusing because some sushi places give free edamame...why were they taking it away? I only had one! haha All our rolls were brought out at the same time which i liked. But I didn't like how the waitress tried to upsell us on almost everything we ordered (Namasake? The fatty salmon is much better you want that instead? No! Its three dollars more) As far as taste goes, it was very similair to most other sushi places ive been in the city. Pretty good but nothing blew me away. I do not reccomend the Sunrise roll ( i think thats what it was called.) It has mango and mint. I thought I'd love it but it tasted like a mojito in not a good way. We even let the table next to us try our leftover rolls because they were comtemplating ordering it too...after their taste they decided 'No" I would give Coast another shot but I am not buying into all the hype.
