I really wanted to like Bon Soiree so much that I'd give them five stars, but the dinner I had was 3.5 stars - not quite four, so I'm rounding down. These numbers are within their category - avant garde fine dining. I don't normally do overtly negative reviews, but I'm going to focus on the negatives in this review because so many other people have written up the positives. Keep in mind I did have a nice evening there. Service was casual, laid-back but good. 1) The place smelled strongly of bacon (probably actually pancetta). I like bacon, but such a strong smell interferes with other smells and tastes - which seriously harms the ability of a diner to really appreciate the non-bacon dishes. 2) They used shaved black truffle on the edge of the soup plate, however I could not smell it. There's really no point in using truffle if it can't be smelled. 3) While I appreciate the gumption, and I like brussel sprouts in general, brussel sprout candy is not a successful idea and I don't think it should have made it to a plate. 4) The sauce with the baked scallop dish was overly salty. For both of us. And we both like salty things. 5) The powdered French onion soup is a cool idea but as hard as I tried, I couldn't taste it. I think for soup, a key component is smell and between the lack of actual steaming soup and the bacon lingering in the air, it was impossible to taste any powdered soup flavor. 6) This is more personal preference, but I think most of the dishes had too much going on. For example, the salad course really didn't need a thai-basil panna cotta - it had nothing to do with anything else on the plate. And why was there stewed apples on the edge of the pumpkin soup plate? 7) The place was bordering on cold, and the food was never actually cold, but was universally barely warm. Some of those are pretty serious complaints, why did I have a good time? Because most of those complaints are easy to fix, and because I admire what the place is trying to accomplish, and because much of the food was at least interesting and in a few flashes of brilliance absolutely delicious. It's definitely worth checking out, but in my opinion it's not in the top tier of Chicago restaurants (at least not just yet).
