To see my 5 month old nephew, I made a short trip to the Chicago area in December (perhaps this was a bit foolish, California weather has made me soft) - I saw him a week or so after he was born in July, but kids grow up fast and I am determined to see him as much as I can at least in the first couple of years. Since I was going to be in town, I made plans to have dinner with some of my oldest friends who are still in town, and the tentative plan was to go to the Publican on a Sunday. However, eventually the set dinner made some people back out, and I was left struggling without the ability to complete my Paul Kahan 'hat trick', (I had gone to Avec and Blackbird over the course of the past 18 months during trips back here). Again, perhaps foolishly, (and due to the relatively short trip), I had planned to make Thursday a day to visit the Field Museum and walk around downtown. My girlfriend made the trip with me, and she had been to Chicago only once before - this summer, for the two hottest days of the year! And here we were walking around on the coldest day yet this winter (although I suppose there were colder days last January of February). While at the museum, I realized that we might as well go to The Publican ourselves, so I used the opentable app on my information phone to make a reservation for an early dinner. Well, it turns out that that step was a bit superfluous, as at the beginning of dinner service - 5:30pm - the restaurant was rather desolate. So, if you can go early, do so! The restaurant itself is a whimsical interpretation of a Public house. Visually I really dug the wooden pillars which passed through oversized cutouts in the ceiling and the high ladderback chairs. The chairs might look great, but they are not the most comfortable of chairs. The 4 top enclosed booths were also very engaging and interesting, and ditto for the large pig paintings. Back to the fact of our getting there around 5:30PM. We actually got there at 5:15, because it was cold out - I mentioned that, right? Once the sun went down, our desire to spend more than a scant few seconds outside waned, and so we hailed a cab and headed to the restaurant. Of course we were quickly seated, but the dinner menu wasn't yet printed. We were given the afternoon bar menu to consider (and it turns out we did order something off it, but that's a story for later in the review), but we only ended up ordering drinks before the dinner menu was provided. As to drinks, they have a fantastically comprehensive beer menu; a wine list that I'm sure is equally as comprehensive, but I didn't consider it; and a full bar. Except the bar is not populated with the brands of spirits one would expect. Instead of a Ketel One Gimlet, one can get a gimlet made with Death's Door Vodka, from Door County, WI (there was also a small Texas brand to choose from). This is actually a good deal, because the Death's Door vodka is good stuff! After perusing the dinner menu, we were a bit overwhelmed, so we asked the server for suggestions. She told us that the Ham Selection was a very popular item - a serving of all three aged hams on their menu, two from Europe, and one from Virginia in this case. I saw this on the afternoon menu and it intrigued me, but her recommendation firmly sold us on it. She also recommended a number of other dishes (including Dungeness crab, but considering I live in San Francisco, it didn't sound as exotic to me as I think it did to her). We chose two of the suggested dishes as our mains, a scallop and mushroom dish and the potee, which is one of their signature meat dishes - three types of pork, cabbage, and gerkins served with a mustard sauce. Our server asked if we intended to share the items, to which we responded "of course!", and she suggested we take them in courses, a fish course and a main course. That was a fantastic idea. We rounded out our food selection with the daily pickly, which consisted of some bread and butter pickles that I actually liked, pickled cauliflower and the breakout hit of 2009, pickled celery root. The meal itself was quite satisfying and delicious, but of course there was room for dessert. The dessert menu included their in house concoction, the After Pork Digestif - a cocktail of some herbal liqueurs and simple syrup which sounded intriguing but I sadly had to pass on. We ended up splitting the chocolate souffle cake, which was served with a lightly herbal ice cream, and a glass of port (I had to drive us back to my parents house in the suburbs, so I had to reign in the drinking). Overall, it was a really good experience. Nice setting, save for perhaps the chairs, impeccable service, and tasty, high quality food. I really do want to go back for a Sunday Dinner - maybe when I'm back in July for Milo's first birthday!
