I've always enjoyed The Gage. It's a nice gastropub with reliable lunch options and finger food. I returned recently for a full dinner (ordering from the entree or "Four" section). It was a mistake.  The food started off really well. Bread service was nice, with a roll of warm and fragrant multi-grain and flavorful whipped butter. Brie fondue with spinach was rich and creamy. The only downside was that the toasted bread was a bit soggy. Fries with curry was as perfect as usual. What a great idea! Portions were big, and at this point, we were already stuffed. Should have stopped there on a high note.  But alas, we went on to have the entrees. And that's when things started falling apart. The risotto of the day was undercooked and not creamy enough. The duck breast was executed fine enough. However, the three dumpling-looking things that accompanied the dish (the shape was not a tortellini or ravioli, wasn't sure what it was supposed to be) was completely undercooked. It was rock hard and the pasta was still raw. I took one small bite and couldn't finish - it was inedible. The bed of sauteed greens was overcooked and dry. The rest of the dish was fine - I liked the puree and the reduction, and I liked the other vegetables. But as a whole, there were too many ingredients on the plate, and they didn't necessarily go together.  Service was casual and friendly. Decor was quite interesting for a gastropub. I don't quite know how to describe the style, but there were details such as ornate ceiling tiles, exposed brick, cottage-style kitchen wall tiles, nice old-school faucets in the restroom, etc. I really like the interior design and the atmosphere it engenders.  It's a shame that the entrees were a mess. Prior to the entrees, the experience was a solid 5-star. The overly-complicated duck dish aside, there are worrisome execution issues in the kitchen, which should really be worked out if The Gage ever wants to earn a Michelin Bib Gourment designation or even a Michelin star like L&E.
