I don't get it?? Cheesy decor/"characters"/slow service. . . people like and pay for this?? We went here last night finally as we had been saying we wanted to go here since seen on "check Please". I like the valet parking and the cheese bread when we sat down. The rest . . . naah. We entered the dark bar that still stank of 30 years worth of stale cigarette smoke. We did not have a reservation ( a tues. night @ 7:30), but the elderly maitre de said no problem. We sat at the bar and I noticed the place was a flurry of activity. Regulars drinking and eating at the bar, waitresses ordering trays full of hard liquor drinks, and bottles of wine. We were escorted through a series of low- ceilinged, noisy, busy,filled to capacity dining rooms that were tastefully decorated 30 years ago. I did notice the patrons were mostly in the 60++ crowd. We did get that delicious cheesy bread when we sat down. Finally, the harried waiter came to rush us through the ordering process. I explained it was my first time here and asked what was the signiture dish. He made a gesture to say " I'm way to busy to be explaining anything like the menu to you", but said "what do you want?". I really tried to at least get him to explain the daily specials (which I thought I heard a waitress at another table explaining earlier) . We ordered black mussels in white wine,butter, garlic- fresh,but below average.Next, they brought soup- lentil for me and minestrone for my wife-both tasted like right out of the red and white Campbell's soup can. The house salads eventually came, I had house dressing-the salad was cold and crisp it was my second most favorite part of the meal. My wife's ceasar salad dressing was not good. My wife ordered veal with sun-dried tomatoes, artichoke bottoms in some sauce-Stouffer's frozen entrees are way better and taste fresher. I had orange roughy that was greasy and overcooked. The pasta tasted almost as good as canned chef-boy-ar-dee. I felt I was in some kind dream where I am surrounded by people laughing, drinking, and talking about how they love this place and the food (this part was real folks), while me and my wife seem to be the only one's NOT enjoying much of anything about this place. Wait it was no dream. I do not get any of this- paying not inexpensive prices for poor tasting food in a loud, still smellin' smoky, dated decor. To each his or her own. The happy patrons at Sabatino's will not have to bother with us taking up valuable tables or seats at the bar. We will not be coming back. I don't know what the draw is. If someone could explain it to me please do.
