Evidently, this is a pork/oysters/beer kind of place. Come here with a larger party so you get to sample many items! It was recommended to order family style since all the plates vary in size, and well, ordering just 1 entree for yourself wouldn't be as fun. Our party of 5 had: - spicy pork rinds - chef's selection of 12 oysters (6 Eastern & 6 Western) - chef's selection of 3 hams (Tennessee (?), Iowa, and Spain) - potted rillettes - sweetbreads - boudin blanc - pork shoulder with chorizo - little gem salad The spicy pork rinds were fresh, airy, crispy, and had a hint of what tasted like spicy vinegar. Oysters were fantastic. Clean, cold, and fresh. The champagne vinaigrette that accompanied them was a perfect tangy complement. The 3 hams are prosciutto. The Tennessee was the saltiest, the Iowa extremely smooth, the Spanish Serrano slightly chewy. Potted rillettes... shredded meat mixed with creamy animal fat and eaten with salty herb crackers. Yum! Sweetbreads... they're glands. Of what animal, I'm not sure. I was most apprehensive to eat these, but they were seared to a nice, flavorful crunch with a hint of sweetness. Texture wise, they reminded me of milky soft tofu. The boudin blanc was an extremely tender white sausage of chicken & pork and was my favorite dish. It was accompanied with celery root greens and lentils. The pork shoulder dish had 1 medium sized chunk and a decent amount of chorizo, but the best part was the broth! Tasted like tomatoes in wine and absolutely divine with bread. Lastly, it was a good change of pace to eat the gem salad in between lots of meat dishes. It was very ordinary except for the addition of sliced fried pig's ear. Keep in mind that almost every plate comes with a side of toast or crackers, so you get filled up. On food alone, we spent around $30/pp. The decor resembled a rustic, streamlined barn. There are lots of long tables in the middle of the restaurant where parties will have to share tables.  And the Wednesday night I was here, it was certainly lively and loud. I don't think this place ever had an empty table until after 10 PM. Go for the experience and to eat things you've never had before!
