i did have to think long and hard about whether i would think of this place as five stars. but in the end, it was just so much fun to eat here that i couldn't not. i admit the reason i wanted to come here is that it's both in my neighborhood and also michelin rated. those might be bad reasons but i do not regret this decision. i also will not regret reviewing this place even though hundreds of other people have. first, i love the ambiance. super casual, roomy beergarden while we waited for out table (super friendly bartender there and the wait only ended up being twenty minutes on a sunday night), outdoor seating, nothing weird or fancy or trying too hard. three of us ate on outside one wooden tables like we were at a picnic. the boyf and i shared three small plates and an entree. the small plates are not small. we were thinking tapas-sized but they were more fancy-restaurant-entree sized. the sweetbreads were cooked perfectly. the texture was so good and it wasn't very breaded at all, which, even though i prefer the sear of the breading, was perfect. it came with a relish-heavy thousand island sauce and a guyere sauce, but i don't think they were necessary at all. they were good, but the meat itself was so perfect already. oh and this was a throat gland only, which was only disappointing because i've never had a heart one and wanted to try it. but i'd still highly recommend it. another small plate we had was a layered spread in a small glass jar. the layers were blueberry fig compote, foie gras, duck rilletes, and hazelnuts. it was amazing when you got the right ratios, which was kind of hard to maneuver from the jar. the mix of texture was great too. the slipperiness of the foie gras and the roughness of the rillettes with the gooey-ness of the compote with the crunch of the hazelnut. that was all pretty cool. i found the compote to be a little too sweet, but since you can just make the ratio yourself, it wasn't a big deal. the bread that it came with was super baked and hard, which i didn't like, but when i thought of it as a cracker, it made more sense. but later, i still just spooned out the spread and ate it alone. like a heathen. the most adventurous food we tried were the duck testicles. they were really fun. i loved the texture, kind of a cross between the springiness of heart with the paste-ness of liver. the sauce had a kind of murky flavor and then fresh peas to lighten it up. they were also cooked with pickled cherries, but those were too sweet and sharp for me to eat a whole one in any bite, but i do think they were a nice addition. for the entree, we had the porchetta, a delicious slab of pork belly that was so so satisfying. served on a bed of corn and bacon risotto, with a sweet peach-tomato relish, it was a great end of meal because it doesn't leave you wanting for anything. well maybe water... which brings me to my next point. i will say that the food wasn't perfect in that most of it was too salty for my taste. i don't think it saltiness overwhelmed the other flavors but i do think it was wholly unnecessary. i'll definitely come back to try some of the other stuff here and i think i'd want to ask them to prepare things with less salt, if possible, and if that's not too obnoxious. for those who are not as into organ meat as i am, my friend got the greek salad and said the tomatoes were unusually flavorful. and he enjoyed his vegetarian risotto as well. not sure to what degree though. service was spectacular. i wish i could remember our guy's name but he was skinny with tattoos probably and really curly hair. that's probably a lot of people there. anyway he was awesome and described the food in the exact way i want food to be described to me and was also just attentive and nice and not pretentious at all. i think being in great company helped, but i also think this is a dining adventure full of really complex bites and that makes it worthwhile. it was just one of the most fun times i've had eating and one of the biggest selections of organ meat too! haha. i'll be back.
