Did ya ever see that M. Night Shyamalan movie where mother nature revolts and sends out some sort of poison that turns off the switch in your brain that keeps you from killing yourself? And no, I did not make that up. Its really the premise of the movie and it starred Marky Mark as the sexiest science teacher in all of NYC... and it wasn't half bad... or at least M. Wahlberg looked good... or at least it was better than some of M. Night's other crap... *ahemcoughcoughthevillageandeverythingafterSigns. Anyway, that kind of reminds me of Frontera Grill... but in a much more complimentary way. I truly believe that walking in here shuts off the switch in your brain that tells you to stop ordering more food when the entire cavity of your body is already full from the first 983563586328 courses you just ordered. You just keep wanting more. I proved this on my last visit, where I left feeling like I was hemoraghing... and not just in the usual stomach area. I am Jack's engorged throat muscle. We got a mixed batch of items from the menu, some we'd basically had when we dined at Topolobampo a few months earlier but I remembered liking them more on our prior visit... maybe I was just more buzzed though. I will say that I won't veer toward the queso fundido again. Too much pooling oil on the top made my stomach feel QueSoSo FunDont-O. Now, keep in mind this was months ago, but the beer cocktail I had was phenom to the 5th Power Ranger. It was called the 'Chupacabra Deluxe' (an ode to my little goatsucker cat, Spooky) and is made with Frontera's Pale Ale with blended local melon puree, and has an iced tea/lemonade mixture shaken in. Yummo. However, This was back in the Summer/Fall so now they have a wintery beer cocktail made with stout that's also on my 'to do' list. Per usual, it was a busy night and I will say that our service was certainly not up to what it was when we dined at Topolobampo, but our meals also weren't as pricey, so there's that. It took an awkwardly long time for our table to get any attention from a server. So much so that we were actually worried the kitchen would close before we got all of our order in. Luckily, things slowed down a bit and the service picked up towards the latter half of the meal... and I was able to fit in 2 forms of dessert. Would I go back? Sure. I want to try s'more of their cocktail creations and I might get an appy or two while we (surely) wait, but I'd probably save my entre appetite for Topo or Xoco.
