We booked Hotel Felix using Priceline for my family and me. We were shocked when we got this boutique hotel, as we have successfully used priceline in the past for many family outings in the city. We definitely were hesitant once I read the reviews. We checked in at 3:30 and they did not have two queen beds available. We were then told that if we can wait 30 minutes they will have a room ready. Great! We took the kids to dinner (and told them we would be back in an hour). We got back to the hotel a little after 5:00 and the room was still not ready. We finally got into our room at 5:30. During our wait, a hotel representative came out and gave us two drink tickets (a glass of wine was $11 each) and two boxes of chocolates for the kids. This was not a great start since the hotel lobby alone is not kid friendly. I felt like I had to keep shushing my kids (8, 6, and 3).We finally got into our room with two double beds. Oh my, this is the SMALLEST room I have ever stayed in. I stayed in much larger rooms in Europe and New York. I completely agree with one reviewer that stated it is smaller than a cruise ship room. We had no more than a few feet between the wall and bed. I nailed my leg on the bed frame pretty good navigating between kids and luggage and I am sure our hotel neighbors heard me scream. Again, this is not a kid friendly hotel! The bed seemed smaller length wise (both my husband and mine were hanging off and we are under six feet tall). The bathroom was clean, the middle table with the clock and lamp has never been dusted. The HVAC was loud and rattled throughout the night...a sign that this was an older building with updates. There was no desk for working - it was a small table with a tiny lamp - not sure how useful that would be. Although the free wi-fi did work well.In the morning, my husband went down for complimentary coffee and they forgot to refill the pot at 8:30 AM and again at 9:30 - not 4-star service as it's listed on Priceline.This is the first time I have ever done a review. I cannot stress how disappointed this hotel was labeled 4 stars.
