So, I had really high expectations for davanti...damn you, yelp. I have been continually let down by Italian food in the city. Gioco was mediocre, Mia Francesca was inconsistent, socca's high point was their anti pasta board, and sabatino's, well my review pretty much sums up their failure to impress me. Now, I know I've had great Italian food...so it's not a stylistic or regional disparity. We entered the restaurant at 5 pm, going early to avoid a wait. We were the first table of the evening. It was after a two day close for the blizzard and apparently, their blowers had been broken. So their heat was not quite working. Like my feet were freezing the entire time, which makes it hard to enjoy my experience. Our server was honest that I entirely wanted to order too much food. I thought it was a small plates affair, but he confessed that was a misconception and that between two people, I should delete of my items. I appreciated the guidance. So the food: 1.) The burrata, cherry tomato, and basil pesto insalate: delicious, simple, creamy cheese, flavor enhancing but clean olive oil, crispy toasty baguette and tomatoes bursting with flavor. My man's favorite. 2.) toast w/ egg, fontina, truffle & asparagus: my favorite dish. I loved the garlicy, crisp toast. The egg was creamy and delicious. The truffly, melty cheese was sinful perfection. And the asparagus added dramatic color and was cooked perfectly, maybe lightly blanched or steamed with some cracked pepper and sea salt, Mmm. 3.) marscapone polenta with Ragu (some sort of meatballs): disappointing, perhaps a bit too creamy, not enough bite, it ended up being a great ragu that just would have been paired better with a tasty al dente pasta. It seemed wasted on the polenta, too rich. 4.) Pollo 'Sole Mio' grilled half chicken with a chili pepper paste. Least favorite part of the meal. The skin should have crispier, the rub should have permeated through the skin, infusing the chicken with flavor and color (think italian flavors with tandoori color), instead it seemed like an after thought. I've had better rotisserie chicken from the grocery store. 4.) For dessert I was gonna order the deconstructed cannoli sundae. The server suggested another dessert. He cited the prominent flavors as the two I found least appealing, the chocolate and whipped cream. When it comes to cannoli I want sweet cream filling with bursts of bright pistachios, so I abandoned it for the Torta Bacio chocolate-hazelnut mousse. It had this irresistible crunchy bottom & cocoa nibs. Delicious, super rich but great with my cappuccino. Note: does anyone know where I can get a dry cappuccino, no Italian place (cafe bionda: fail and on the coffee side, intelligensia: fail) can quite get it right. Perhaps, I'll just start ordering macchiatos. The prices weren't bad for the quality of the produce. I didn't hate anything but I wasn't blown away either. A solid 3.5.
