yummy, yummy, yummy, yummy, i got creole in my tummy! and VERY good creole at that. Hubby and I went for Sunday brunch, which is a feat in itself since it's hard to get him out of bed before 2! Which I have to give a hallelujah! that Big Jones serves brunch till 3. The staff was great. The host greeted us warmly and quickly. We sat right away (which I pray won't change when everyone discovers how fabulous this place is!). Our server Alex was wonderful, attentive & well groomed ;) Not hover-y but attentive nonetheless. I do have to say though, the tall male server assistant that filled are waters gave me the stank eye when I thanked him for filling our glasses. what gives?! But Alex did more than make up for it. Now for the food. A PLATE OF HOT, FLUFFY, POWDER SUGARY GOODNESS was placed in front of us. Here's the kicker: we didn't ask for them. EVERYBODY GETS THEM! Anyplace that sticks a plate of beignets just for coming in, is a winner in my book. But the rest of the meal did not disappoint. So here's the breakdown: beignets: freakin awesome. bloody mary: a little sour for my taste, but hubby liked cajun boudin fritters: delish! crunchy on the outside, moist and flavorful on the inside. reminiscent of arancini, but not as gummy because the rice is not risotto egg new orleans: yummy! crab cakes & bearnaise sauce were nicely seasoned. the only downside was that the popovers were overcooked therefore a little tough shrimp & grits: OMG. so damn good. grits were creamy. the shrimps were perfectly cooked. and the sauce... ooohh-wee that sauce. at first glance you might think it would be overly seasoned & salty. but the tasso ham is actually slightly sweet and there's a nice balance of flavors. one small side note- hubby got some 4 roses bourbon. is was quite a chintzy pour. a little heavier pour would be appreciated- even if it was only 1 in the afternoon. not trying to be nit-picky, but just a few little things that hopefully the owner(s) may take into consideration. wasn't "perfect" and i don't necessarily think we ever look a "perfect" experience- we would rather have a warm & inviting meal than a cold & "professional" one. so thank you Big Jones for giving us just that. we'll see you again soon! Laissez le Bon temp rouler!
