Mmm... beer... Mmm... revolutions... Two wonderful things! Unfortunately, the "revolution" aspect is just a gimmick here. Pale ale seems to be the focus, which isn't my preferred beverage; however, the Black Power Oatmeal Stout is fantastically dark. You can't see through it! It convinced me to become a card-carrying "member of the party" so I could take home a free growler of the stuff. (If you plan on visiting more than once, the $25 mug club is a great deal.) And five bucks is a decent price for a glass of a local brew. I hope they decide to brew more dark beers. I would have liked to see more vegan-friendly dishes on the menu. They highlight several items as vegetarian, but most (the pizzas, the salads) have cheese. The tempeh Rueben is noted as having vegan dressing, but then they don't offer soy cheese to replace the swiss. Without the cheese, it doesn't have much taste to it. I had the smoked tofu sandwich, which had a lot more flavour, with plenty of sundried tomatoes and beer onions. I appreciated that the server checked to make sure that sandwich was vegan. The frittes, while still good, didn't stand out as much as I expected for being hand-cut. The other vegan entree right now is a lentil, quinoa and veggie dish. While it seemed busy, we were able to get a table right away on a Sunday evening. (Though the host was rather confused/confusing, telling us about how we can wait in the little cocktail area, then in the next sentence that there were tables available.) It was pretty noisy with music blasting and everyone's conversations bouncing off the walls and ceiling. The decor is pretty neat though; I enjoyed following their blog to see how they acquired and re-purposed materials. Since it's in the neighbourhood, I'm sure I'll be back. Note that they are running low on some of their brews because people are drinking it faster than they can make it. I hope they are able to adjust over the coming weeks to sort out the kinks in starting a new restaurant and brewery. I also hope they offer more vegan options so I can balance out the booze!
