What's Glenn's Diner? One of Ravenswood's best restaurants, a friend once told me about Glenn's one night and said that they had some of the best fish around town. "Fish? Why would you go to a diner to get fish," I wondered. Glenn's is not some greasy spoon diner, but one of Chicago's best restaurants. Glenn's might have been the first thing I ever bookmarked, so remarkable was the buzz and the menu selection. Is it a brunch spot? Is it a dinner joint? What about their all you can eat specials? Despite all this, no one I knew wanted to go to Glenn's! This Thursday me and two friend stopped into Glenn's and one friend rocked the Bloody Mary that was filled with a giant skewer of shrimp and celery salt. I drank some Arcadia London Porter and my other friend rocked more beer as we sat under the sun. For those who hide in the shade, the outdoor front patio has giant umbrellas to protect you from the UV rays. The server was very friendly and seemed to enjoy his work. One order of diner salad went in, followed by an order of calamari, Scottish salmon, and a shrimp po boy to top it all off. We enjoyed the nice day out and had a pitcher of water with our beer and Glenn's didn't disappoint me yet. The calamari came out and was very tasty with a slight hint of fresh seafood taste. It was fried and tasted good with a big hunk of lemon, but a little bit of aioli would have also have done the trick. We munched on the calamari and then our food came flying down. I bit into my shrimp po boy and was a happy man. The potato pancake that came with the sandwich was overwhelming in its richness, but was delightful in spite of it. The salad looked tasty with its giant croutons and my friend gave me a good chunk of Scottish salmon for good measure. The salmon was medium and tender and was the best salmon I've had this side of Calumet Fisheries. It was good it was delicious and it's how people should spend a workless weekday afternoon. Stop by Glenn's for some seafood, some drinks, some brunch, or even some all you can eat dinner. I think Glenn's is amazingly versatile for such a tiny spot. One more tip - if loud noise bothers you during your conversation you might want to sit inside as the train tracks can deafen out conversations in staccatto bursts.
