I am so disappointed writing this review right now...About five courses through the 10 course tasting (the collection) we were ready for it to be over. We just got home from dinner and felt the need to write a review right away. My boyfriend and I had two nights in Chicago and we decided on this as one of our dinners. I wish we chose differently. I was really trying to go by the good yelp reviews and really liked the idea of this place, but it just didn't measure up. Seriously, please listen to me when I say this...listen to the bad reviews on here, they are true. All of them. Our dinner took SO long (3 hrs)...and not a good long, like we are drinking wine and enjoying ourselves and taking our time. The kind of long that we were sitting around looking at our watches waiting for our courses to arrive. The first plate that arrived was so scratched it looked like it had been in circulation for years. After the 4th course, we asked the server if it was supposed to take increasingly longer in between each course. He told us that the kitchen go slammed...the restaurant was half full! Really? How do they handle a busy night? Or do they even have a busy night? It was Friday night at 9:00 and there were plenty of open tables (that should have been a sign...), it just didn't seem right. I had asked around to other foodie friends, and even chef friends and nobody seemed to have heard anything about it, or they just said oh, its good. I should have realized why nobody really had anything to say...because there's nothing to say. Should I even tell you about each course? I don't know...I guess I will since we got a menu to take home. I'll keep it simple, the good, the bad, and the whatever: The good: the amuse with caviar and pickle, the crab, pumpkin, lobster risotto (pretty good), canape with lardo dates and almonds, intermezzo, and the chocolate. The bad: swordfish (undercooked and one of us had a bloody vein in the tiny piece we got-don't you think you'd get a prime cut for the price?), scallop (mostly raw and one was gritty), waygu (pretty much raw, tough, and the marrow foam was flavorless), bitters. The whatever: the bread, caesar, and hen. I can say, though, that the customer service here is really great. When my boyfriend asked where the bathroom was, one of the bussers/runners showed him to it, rather than just pointing. Our server was very friendly and was super knowledgable. Our meal was taking a really long time so I mentioned something to the server and then the manager came over shortly after. He wanted to apologize and offer us a drink on the house. It was much appreciated, and made up for the kitchen being so slow but didn't make up for the disappointing food. Honestly, just take your money elsewhere. I am sure there are plenty of amazing restaurants in Chicago that are so much cheaper and have way better food. We went to Girl and the Goat last night and it was unbelievable and 1/3 of the price. Do yourself a favor and go there.
