Chicago's West Loop is really a mecca of quality restaurants. Tonight my wife and I made a pilgrimage to Carnivale where we met up with another couple for dinner. This was my first visit to Carnivale and I was immediately impressed with how busy they were for 5:45pm. We arrived a bit early for our 6:00pm reservation, but were promptly seated and the vast dining room was remarkably already half full (and was nearly at capacity by mid way through our dinner). As you might expect from it's name, Carnivale has an energetic, fun ambiance and seems like a great place to come with a group of friends for a celebration. The decor is quite colorful and loud without being tacky. There was a diverse group of patrons; some customers were adorned in t-shirts or sweatshirts whereas others were decked out in suits and several others were sporting club attire. Wide range of ages here as well; I probably saw people ranging from 1 month to 100 years tonight. The menu at Carnivale features South American fusion with a hint of Asian influence. The menu is neatly divided into different categories with enough choices to appeal to the wide range of people Carnivale attracts, but not so many choices as to be overwhelming. The first page is devoted to Artisanal Meats & Cheeses; page two has the appetizers and ceviches, page three has the entrees and page four has the house cocktails. There is a separate wine list (featuring South American wines) and a sheet listing the cocktails of the month. Our party of four shared a tasting of three cheeses (all were good, but Pleasant Ridge Reserve was the standout). The cheese plate came with some rather tasty housemade crackers, a handful of roasted nuts and honey. We also shared a tasting of three ceviches (we opted for the one that was octopus based, one halibut based and a yellowtail cut like sashimi with black garlic). While this was not the best ceviche I have had (this honor would go to Topolobampo, Mixteco Grill and Los Nopales), it was good and there was no leftovers. For my entree had the Arrachera (grilled Angus skirt steak with caramelized onions, beans, rice and chimichurri sauce). The steak had a nice flavor, but compared to the amazing skirt steak I had enjoyed at Sepia earlier this week it definitely was not the highest quality cut of beef (it was a tad too tough and chewy). I am a huge fried plantain fan, so I ordered a side of these and they did not disappoint. Portion sizes were surprisingly large and I barely managed to finish my entree. Carnivale features some fun drinks as well. It was a tad too chilly tonight to experiment with their frozen concoctions, but I started with a glass of red sangria (which was pretty good), had a wine flight with my entree (you get to pick your own flight; there are about eight choices of red and of white and you select three). For dessert I had some spiked hot cider that was a nice end to the meal. The dessert drinks are a real bargain at $5. Our service was decent; our primary waiter was attentive and reasonably friendly and his assistant always kept our water glasses full and the table clean. While the meal was not cheap, it was fair considering portion size and quality. With tax and tip dinner came to about $65 per/person and included the cheese flight, ceviche tasting, four entrees, eight drinks and one dessert. While this was not one of the best dinners I have had recently, all in all it was a good meal and a fun atmosphere and I am glad I came.
