I had been meaning to get back to The Chicago Diner for a long time. And by "get back" I mean, to eat there again now, as a non-vegetarian lover-of-vegetarian-foods. I've now been back twice in the last three months, and I definitely should not have waited so long; this food is right up my alley.    The quest for a great veggie burger has lead me down dark alleys and over fields of clover. The two I've sampled here - the Whopping Deluxe and the Buddha's Karma - are good and very good, respectively. The WD is certainly decent and filing, but it's also somewhat boring. However, the Buddha burger scores high in the categories of "Flavor Combination" and "Needs no Accompaniment." It's a combo of curry tofu and sweet potato, and the fruity side sauce is actually overkill. Both come on an oaty/wheaty bun with sprouts and the usuals (lettuce, onion, tomato) and a side. I wouldn't recommend the sweet potato fries with the BK, but with a plainer burger, they are great.       The other two notables are the guacamole and salsa appetizer, and the vegan s'mores shake dessert. The former is borderline great, (in particular the guac) and the latter...well, it might be the first s'mores dessert I could walk away from. It was obviously a shake, and I trust that it was vegan, but it was definitely not related to any s'mores I've ever encountered. Perhaps they forgot to add the marshmallow and graham cracker, because this sucker was chocolate, with chocolate fudge and chocolate chips. I even asked our waitress, who unfortunately, confirmed it was in fact the s'mores shake. (sad trombone) Also, on each occasion, I visited with one Adventurous Meat Eater and one True Vegetarian in tow, though not the same ones. Everyone liked their food both times, and at one point a black bean enchilada was heard to say "You like me! You really, really like me!" just like Sally Field did when she won her Oscar. A little melodramatic, but I get it; it's fun when a carnivore ventures over to the light side and enjoys it.  So besides the food, which is largely very good, there's the service. The waitstaff are the enthusiastic kind who get genuinely excited by your selections ("Yeah!" and "Definitely!"). If there were a vegetarian sports league, it could fill its cheer squad from the CD staff.  However, there's one caveat. The back patio is a nice, covered area to lounge in during the summer. In order to get to/from said patio, one must traverse through a very narrow hallway and kitchen. On the journey, one will witness waiters and bussers scraping plates and tossing dishes into bins. This is unavoidable, but at the very least, the servers could try giving customers the right-of-way and perhaps pausing for a second before going about the unpleasant disposal business.     A true B+.
