Giving this hotel only two stars breaks my heart. I have a big old soft spot for the Palmer House, as it was the hotel I stayed in on my first trip to Chicago nearly 20 years ago. Back then I thought it was the most luxurious hotel in the world and will always remember that trip fondly. So I was excited to go back, and there were elements of my stay that lived up to my great memories. Fabulous location. Gorgeous lobby and common areas. Unfailingly polite and cheerful service from check-in to room service to housekeeping. Good-sized, relatively quiet room on a high floor. Nice lounge with tasty drink selections. Three big disappointments, though: 1. My room, albeit spacious, was tired and dated. I was surprised at how annoying it was to have an old tube TV stashed away in an inconvenient armoire instead of a flat screen on a more accessible bureau-top. 2. Hotel wireless was expensive and slow. I don't mind paying extra for premium wireless service, provided I actually GET premium wireless service. But I didn't see any real difference in what I got for my $19.99 at the Palmer House than I would for free at any Courtyard by Marriott. 3. But the real reason for the two-star review: My bathtub was a deathtrap. I am not kidding. The liner had separated from the tub frame and was all warped and spongy, so every morning it felt like I was taking a shower on a trampoline. It kept me so off balance I had to shampoo with one hand while clinging to the soap dish with the other. I could not imagine being an elderly person trying to navigate that dangerous enclosure. It's a wonder someone has not fallen, broken a hip, and sued them. My colleague, who has more Hilton points than I, stayed on one of the renovated floors and told me his room was really nice. He also snuck me into the concierge lounge, which was very comfortable and served up great wines and tasty hot and cold appetizers. So maybe the moral of the story is...stay at the Palmer House but on a concierge floor. That's a solution I could live with.
