We took advantage of the 50% off deal. Went with my guy, brother, sister and her husband. I'm not a big eater, but wanted to give this place a try. Walking in I felt like I was in Vegas. Decor and ambiance is nice. All the guys raved about the bathroom, but my sister and I was like ummmm it's ok. We were seated and we thought we might of gotten a bad table, but boy were we wrong. We ended up having the best seats. Salad bar was nice. A variety of selection. I hear lots of people rave about the salad bar, but I'm not too big on that stuff. I did grab some of the stuff to try out. The smoked salmon was good. Forgot to try the sushi. The meats were nicely seasoned. I thought they would be very salty, but that was not the case. Ok, here is the reason why I say we had the best seat in the house. Well, my sister husband can eat. He basically had his card turned on green the whole time. We were close by were they come out of the kitchen so we got first cut. They just kept coming by asking him (and then us) what we wanted. At one point I had like 5-6 meat on my plate. We had filet mignon, bacon wrapped filet mignon, bacon wrapped chicken, parmesan chicken, lamb, lamb chops, pork and more. At one point he finally turned his card over to red and the manager went up to him and was like is there something you want specifically......we were like man you are like KING here. The sides of fried bananas tasted just like wet banana chips, the mashed potatoes was creamy. My sister said the little breads were good. We had 1 bottle red wine, 3 cokes, 2 iced teas. The guys decided to take up the offer on the Grand Marnier. $40 for 3 shots. We had the pecan pie with vanilla ice cream and papaya mousee. We were stuffed. Our bill came out to about $292.00 and that included tax and tip. Only downside was that our waiter had a heavy accent and it was very hard to understand him. I don't think I would come here at full price, but for 50% off, I would say it's a good deal or at least give it a try!
