2.5 stars really. It's complicated... This evening at Carnivale started out great, but ended poorly. I wish I could have a witty deliverance for this event, but alas, it's just sort of sad... Our table was ready on time (awesome and unusual for such a popular place) and once we all had our drinks from the bar, made our way back, and back, and back, and further back into the farthest, darkest corner in the place. I realize they need to fill every seat, but here's the thing: our reservations were made 3 weeks in advance, we were celebrating two birthdays with 7 people, and it was our first time here, which was noted on the reso so it was just disappointing. We passed big table, after big table, after big table and yet still ended up in the bowels of Carnivale. There was a bar right behind us, which had it been in service, would've started the party on a great note, but instead, it remained dark and deserted and depressing. After walking through the giant, colorful, party-like atmosphere of the previous room, WHAT A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT. Big Strike One. The service started out great with a friendly server and information about specials and suggestions for apps, etc. From there it went downhill and uphill and downhill again. It was like they were rushing us out of there, but then not accommodating our compliance. Food was great! We had 5 ceviche, guacamole, and arepa. Apps arrived and we had plenty of time to enjoy them and they were cleared in a timely manner. Hubs ordered a couple of bottles of wines to have with dinner, but the wines came long before we were finished with our initial drinks, and we are by no means slouches when it comes to drinking in a timely manner. Wine rush - strike one and a half... No sooner had they cleared our apps that the entrees came out. Normally a bit of time (~5 mins) between the two courses is a nice digestion period, but we didn't get that. This was the food rush - strike two and a half.... Again, food was fantastic. During the main course, not once did the server or bussers come to check if we wanted water, more drinks, how the food was, refill our wine, or if there was anything else we wanted (all of which we did). HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT & skip to STRIKE FOUR!! Again, almost immediately after dinner was over, they brought my SS & myself a little cake & ice cream for our birthdays, but I swear we barely took a single breathe in between them clearing the main course plates & bringing the birthday special. This sounds ungrateful, but it was another example of feeling rushed & ignored at the same time. While full and food satisfied, we waited and waited for the server to offer the rest of our group desserts. She brought menus, then disappeared for a very long time. She came back and just didn't do anything to encourage our enjoyment. Not that we want high pressure up-sells, but put some effort into it, can't ya? No description of desserts or after-dinner drinks or coffees... She asked if we wanted more water... NOW you ask us if we want more water??? We're done! I would like to mention that the server was sweet and polite, just not the personality one would expect at a resto like Carnivale!! The bill comes... after more waiting, and before she could run away from us again hubs gives her the CC... we couldn't wait to get out of there. Moral of the story: there are better places to get latin food in Chicago without this kind of experience. Not saying that it couldn't have been great, it just wasn't...
