For a place called "Sprout," I was expecting the menu to be more veggie-centric. There are in fact surprisingly few vegetarian dishes, though the options increase if you're open to fish/seafood and a few things can be made sans meat. A note on the menu: The dishes are named after the primary ingredient, and some, but not all, of the secondary components are listed below. Our server let us know that many other ingredients are not listed. Also, you can't tell what form the dish will take until it comes. Although I suppose you could ask but that ruins some of the fun, doesn't it? So, for example, we ordered "english pea" for an appetizer and got pea soup, and ordered "lime" for dessert and got lime cheesecake. Some things are more groundbreaking than others, but a pretty cool concept nonetheless. Vegetarians will want to skip the prix fixe and order from the a la carte menu. For appetizers, you can choose from squash, licorice, or the aforementioned english pea (without the speck). If you add seafood, you can also get a shrimp dish, which I got and loved. It was a single shrimp atop a puff pastry stuffed with shellfish with a curry apricot sauce. Rick got the english pea and didn't love it. I tried one bite and agreed. The mint and radish flavors just didn't work. Plus, it's served cold which almost always kills a soup for me. Even it's pushing the boundaries on flavor, a lot can be saved by making it warm (and creamy). More sophisticated palates might love it, who knows. Next time I'd get the squash or licorice. There is only one vegetarian entree, the ricotta. Luckily, it was amazing. It came as ravioli in a rich and creamy sauce. Rick loved it but would have been happy with a bigger portion. I got the salmon (there was also black bass to choose from). It was fantastic. The fish didn't come in an unusual form, but the preparation was spot on. And I LOVED the cauliflower and farrow salad. Just delicious. Would get this again in a heart beat. Dessert was the highlight, because you really didn't know what you were getting when you ordered. The lime cheesecake was yummy plus you got to put all the components together yourself. The apple is essentially just apple cobbler, but Rick loved it. I asked about the chocolate and was told it's cake with potato ice cream. Sounds pretty epic. There's also a donut, though the main ingredient is pineapple and that sounded pretty sick, actually. The food was almost all spectacular and the service was great though a little condescending (but how can you not be when the house forces you to ask "Can I explain your dish to you?" I know this is a "fancy" place, but like, barf). I also had two of the vodka "creations" (again, barf) and they were so delicious and not at all overpowering like some craft cocktails places that want to "let the vodka shine though." Um, no thanks. I prefer my vodka obscured to the point of undetectability. Our bill hit ~$180 with tip for two appetizers, two entrees, and four drinks. So not cheap but definitely worth the price. It's worth noting that the front space is pretty relaxed and casual so you shouldn't feel like you have to dress up. The back room is a little fancier, with white tablecloths. I would have been happy to finish up the night at SmallBar's patio next door.
