OK, I may have a new favorite. After my ravings about Pizzerias Uno and Due, I may change my mind and say that Gino's East is my favorite deep dish in the city. However, I'm not ready to put the five star stamp on it yet. I think I need to go to Due's and have a plain cheese pizza and do the same at Gino's for a real, authentic comparison. It may have just been that the ingredients we happened to choose last night were so amazing that it made the pizza even better. So I'll perform the experiment and get back to you. I kind of like the waiting system they have going. They don't take names and they don't give you a wait time which seems kind of harsh at first. However, we only waited about 10 minutes for a table. Awesome! There was a line and a group of people waiting, but they seemed to be turning tables quickly so we didn't have to wait long. I guarantee the wait on the same evening at Uno's or Due's would have been at least an hour. How convenient, Gino's. The restaurant prides itself on allowing the customer to write on the walls. There's a lot of name graffiti scrawled everywhere and I thought it added a cool touch to the place. There are also a lot of pictures of celebrities who have frequented the restaurant while in Chicago. I like that it's a popular hotspot with celebrities and the like.  Part of my four-and-not-five star review is the service. Our server was pretty terrible. We waited 11 minutes at the table before anyone even acknowledged us. We were not given water and our server didn't even seem to notice when he finally approached the table. Bart (as he later informed us) didn't seem to care that he was grossly underserving our part of the restaurant. I saw lots of other servers walking around all over, acknowledging other customers and bringing a lot of drinks but Bart was really no where to be found. He let us know that the pizza would be about an hour but that our salad appetizer would be out "really quickly!" 15 minutes later we received our salad. That doesn't seem like "really quickly" to me, but maybe I'm just wrong. Who knows. He was a really nice guy, he just didn't seem all there last night. Perhaps the service would be better on another night or with a different guy.  Our food was superb! We ordered the family style salad, which is a deal at $4.75 per person. It was a great deal and we all raved about the delicious salad dressing. It was a creamy version of a vinagrette and it was soooo good. There was also enough salad to have actually fed six or seven people, which is nice. It was sooo good. Next time, I'd subtract the onions, but I think I'm one of the few people who does not want those on a salad so no big deal.  And the pizza... oh my! It was soooo good. We ordered garlic and green olive pizza which was sooo delicious. The garlic was strong enough to upset anyone within 10 feet of us after dinner, which is awesome. I am a huge fan of garlic, so it was OK by me. Warning: if you're not that huge a fan, skip it. There was literally a TON of garlic on the pizza so if you won't like it, don't bother ordering it. The green olives were also a bit tart and really delicious. They were obviously fresh and sliced very thin.  A lot of other Yelpers complained about the pizza dough, which they said tasted a lot like flour. I agree, but I really enjoy the taste of flour-y dough. Don't ask me why, I just think it tastes great. The crust was crisp on all sides and it was cooked to perfection. No burns, no mushy spots - yum! I really liked it, but I can see a lot of people not enjoying the taste.  We often take out-of-towners to dinner and this may be our new spot for classic Chicago Deep Dish pizza.
