Last Friday my date and I were running fifteen minutes late for our reservation. This made me nervous because when I originally arranged the table they told me it would be given away if we were more than fifteen minutes tardy for our party. The host called and I told him we were on the "L" and wouldn't be long. The place is right next to the Montrose brown line stop. When we arrived we were seated right away in the stage left corner one row away from the window. Seating was small and cramped, but that's what I expected so I wasn't bummed. The waiter pounced on our table right away and opened our wine for us. We brought a couple bottles of white in anticipation of fish. I was impressed they allow byob for a $5 corking fee considering they also serve a full bar. We ordered the mussel appetizer. It came with Texas toast to sop up the white wine buttery bottom of the bowl goodness. The mussels were covered in melted parmesan. They tasted pretty good, but I noticed about ten of them were still sealed shut. There were probably 35 in the bowl, but still not an awesome ratio. I think the Paramount Room's mussels were better than these. For my entree I went with Sturgeon in a cream mushroom sherry sauce. I was psyched for the sturgeon because I'd never had it and my little brother and dad had both caught six foot long monsters on a sturgeon fishing trip on the Snake River they didn't invite me to; motherfuckers. My lady friend went with Sea Bass in a garlic butter sauce. I definitely planned on some bites of that. The sturgeon came on a plate with asparagus and redskin potatoes. The cream sherry sauce was a bit heavy, but so were all the sauce options on the blackboard menu. The sturgeon wasn't as fluffy and perfect as ladyfriend's sea bass so that slightly bummed me out.  For dessert we split the maple pecan pie with a scoop of ice cream. The pie company that made it did a great job, however it doesn't touch my Mom's sweet potato pecan pie with kahlua whipped cream. I can't see giving pretty good more than three stars. The main dish was $22. It was east coast American old school seafood, pretty good but I like that Asian fusion shit that isn't going to nail me to my chair for the rest of the night. I'll be back to test out a lobster roll for lunch.
