Probably one of the most overrated pizza joints in Chicago. Over the years, I've heard so many people rave about this place, so when my dinner plans in wicker park didn't work out, I decided to finally cross this place off my list of places to try. Everybody says to try the brews, but not being much of a drinker, I was there for the food.Started off with spinach/tomato dip appetizer. Big mistake. Not only were there almost no tomatoes in it, they served it with what seemed to be non-flavored Doritos... Really?!? I'm not a snob that needs anything fancy, and I have no problem paying extra for quality, but to charge people $7 bucks for something so obviously cheap is just wrong. The dip itself was just ok tasting, and I would have had no complaint if it cost half that price, but that dip would have had to be mind blowing to justify the cost. It definitely wasn't.On to the pizza... Piece offers up your standard fare, plus some of the less mainstream veggies on three types of pizzas (standard, w/o sauce, or w/o cheese). I'm sort of a traditionalist when it comes to what I put on my pies, especially when trying out a new place, so I went with the regular (Red) style with sausage and mushrooms. Piece gets points for getting the portion size right as the medium is rather big. But, the pizza itself is just so-so at best. The crust has no body, and in the center it's almost soggy, making it a little of a chore to eat w/o making a mess. The sauce was nothing special, even a little salty, and the toppings were not any better than any other hole-in-the-wall pizza. I didn't hate it, but it definitely did not earn all the hype I had been hearing. Meh.., would probably be the most fitting description.Aside from the food, everything else was as expected. There were no problems with the service, and I did like the music playing on the stereo. Although, it was just a tiny bit too loud.So, two people, 1 beer, 1 appetizer and 1 medium pizza w/ 2 premium toppings.... $40 bucks (including tip). Which isn't bad for a dinner out, but when I think of how much awesome pizza I could've eaten at other, much better places for almost half the cost, going back to Piece just doesn't add up.
