We attended a wedding here & it was FUN & really memorable because of the uniqueness of this old hotel! I'll agree with the previous post that the low ceiling between the north & south sides of the top floor ball room can make it feel small, but it really is a special place. If you stay there you need to keep in mind that it was built in the 1920s or so & is a HISTORIC part of Chicago's history. It is not a modern Marriott so if you need this to be happy, then do not stay at The Allerton!Here's what I'll say about the wedding I went to. They give you a lot of space between the hall where the elevators let you out & then there was an extra room for the cocktail hour so that was nice. Lighting should have been dimmer to support the romantic ambiance of a wedding, but some of the older guests probably appreciated the bright lights.Food was good, staff was fun and upbeat, & we had a great ole time in the bar downstairs before we went up to the reception at 630. Nice surprise to have another bar waiting for us once we got out of the elevator for the reception line with the wedding party! Yee haw!Do not stay here if you're an impatient, type-A person. They have a small reception desk but the staff was really nice. We saw one business guy almost blow a gasket while he was waiting in a long line to check out though!If you're wanting your wedding there like the previous post, just know that it's an old historic hotel and the bar has to be outside the ballroom due to space, but if your guests want a drink, they'll find the bar! I'm a good friend of the bride's & the organizing of her reception was probably a little more stressful than it should have been for the amount of money they spent! Sound system needs some improvement too, but city views out the windows were SPECTACULAR, and it's really the guests made the reception a great one.I'd stay there again.Oh, my husband said to write that he liked the butter in the restaunt. Waiter & busboy were exceptionally attentive. Hubby thought steak was a little small but he's a bit of a glutton so take that with a grain of salt.!
