Boom. Mr. Graham Elliot lived up to everything that I expected. As did the rest of the night. We were here on a Saturday night when I was in town, and he made reservations about two weeks in advance, since he knew I am a top chef junkie and this place was amazing. The restaurant was buzzing with a lot of the tables filled, bar busy, a beautiful crowd, and somewhat awkward first date at the table next to us. I was a little worried, because I have reduced my red meat intake and he is a pescaterean, so this place did not seem like it would be a good match for us. However, was I wrong! The updated Spring menu had many options for us, and we were pleased with everything we had. We did the a la carte menu, because the tasting menu just seemed like a lot going on... and lasted like 3.5 hrs! That's a long time to eat. - Truffle Popcorn: Yep, everyone talks about. No bread bowl here, but popcorn + cheese + truffles. What's not to like!? Delish! - Amuse-Bouche: The amuse bouche was a minty-chive custard of sorts that was springy and fresh. It set a perfect tone for the rest of the meal and definitely was light. And I guess they knew we liked it so much, because they accidentally brought a second amuse-bouche for us which we happily enjoyed too! - "Crab Cake" : This is a delectable soft shell crab served split in half that was tasty and light. It had a beautiful cucumber gelatin type cubes that was complimented well with a tangy slaw. Yum! I had a couple bites, and since soft shell crab sent me to the emergency room one time, I refrained from wanting to eat more of it. - Foie Grois: First, foie grois on it's own.. it's delectable to begin with. The time when Chicago couldn't serve it.. well that was a sad time.. and GE has done it right. This was spectacular and creamy, but there was a beautiful sear on it. It was served with fresh strawberries and this fantastic crumble and rhubarb thing that was tangy, and taken in all together. YUM YUM YUM! I wanted to lick my plate.. but you know.. we're in public. By far.. my most favorite thing! - Grilled Mackerel: This beautiful piece of fish was beautiful. Served with an amazing fennell ratatouille and this saffron essence thing happening. It was a clean, and fresh dish. - Alaskan Sable: How pretty can it be! This dish was gorgeous dish. Served with buckwheat gnocci that I thought may be heavy, was a nice light starch and these perfectly cute mushrooms that would make any smurf happy. Topped with a gorgeous dashi foam for that slight asian kinda influence. A great plate of food. - Lavender Brulee: Any form of brulee, I am a sucker for. But this was a beautiful ending to our meal. It was spring spring spring on this menu with a lovely blackberry reduction spotted on the plate. Exquisite. Graham Elliot lived up to the name and the hype. It was fantastic and WOW what a pretty and strong dirty martini they serve up! Hello tipsy me :) A fantastic restaurant, and I look forward to coming back here again.
