Review #321. It's that good. Yes, Fogo de Chao was everything I had hoped for and MORE. I chose this destination as the fine dining for my 24th birthday celebration (I know, what a weird, useless year). I invited my family for a lovely evening of fine cocktails, awesome salad bar, and gorging ourselves on meat. Lots and lots of meat. Be prepared when you come here. I seriously wouldn't eat for the entire day just because you will ingest an unholy amount of delicious meat once you arrive.  My mom and I started the evening with a Caipirinha - a traditional Brazilian cocktail. Yum! I had the Strawberry Caipirinha and my mom had the original. My cocktail had mulled strawberries right in it and it was divine. It had just the right amount of strawberry and sugar to make it sweet without being overpowering. My mom tried the Lime Caipirinha later and said it was delicious. My boyfriend ordered a Coke that came in a cute little glass bottle - nice touch! Their drink menu was extensive so there is something to please everyone. Oh, and did I mention they have a nice, big wine cellar right in the restaurant? There were tons of selections and the servers know their wine so don't hesitate to ask them for a pairing suggestion.  Our group was seated once everyone arrived and we were immediately greeted by a server. He explained the entire Fogo de Chao dining experience to us and offered to freshen/bring more drinks. He was super friendly and was always around when we needed him. Awesome! We made our way over to the salad bar to begin our meal. Now, be careful. You will be so hungry from fasting all day in preparation for your Fogo de Chao meal, that you will want to go overboard on the salad bar. Don't do it! Get a small salad and wait for the meat. I will say, though, that this salad bar was pretty extraordinary. Tons of options, sides, fresh veggies and cheese. Oh, and the Romano cheese was inside a giant wheel and you chipped some of it off for your salad yourself. That's good cheese in my book.  Now for the meats. Turn your little token over to the green (for go!) side. The Gauchos will literally appear out of thin air and start offering you piping hot meat of all varieties (beef, lamb, chicken and pork). I will not tell you exactly how much Fillet Mignon I actually consumed, but let's just say it was an unholy amount. It is so perfectly cooked and delicious it's unbelievable. And all of the meat is that way! Seriously, everything was cooked to perfection and I was not disappointed with anything that I had. Highlights of the meat (for me): Fillet Mignon (obviously), Costela (beef rib), Frango (chicken breast wrapped in bacon), Linguicha (pork sausage) and Fraldinha (bottom sirloin). All delicious, all perfectly cooked, all amazingly seasoned.  Oh, and they brought me a piece of strawberry cheesecake for my birthday - how sweet! This dining experience was amazing. I like Fogo much better than Brazazz and will come back here the next time I have a hankering for Brazilian food. A mere $49.95/person is all you need to enjoy a slow, meat-filled evening of heaven on Chicago's near north side. Seriously, go here if you haven't - it's so amazingly delicious. Make your reservations early (it's harder to accommodate large groups) and know that the service is fantastic. You won't be disappointed.
