4.5 hours of my life that I won't be able to get back.For some context, I was with a party of 6 sitting at an upstairs round table. We dropped roughly $140/head and are a fairly laid-back group of people. I'll get through the positives first, then on to the real story:1) Pleasant architectural setting2) Cool rooftop bar3) Unique drink selection4) Items at the serve-yourself Harvest Bar section were solidNow...the stuff you should know. 1) Service was horrible. I'm not even really sure why we had a waitress b/c it took over 1/2 hour to deliver a simple drink and she had absolutely no control over the food being delivered to our table. Seriously, at one point I just went downstairs to the bar to order. She smiled. She was nice. But she really made things worse rather than better. Oh, and she is the front person to lie to you about the food they are going to serve and how often it will come. 2) Food delivery rarely comes to the 2nd floor.  Take note, over the course of several hours at the table, we saw most items only once...and the "lower grade" meats were the only ones to make it back for repeat performances. We finally saw fish after 2 hours at the table.  Never saw the alleged Seared Tuna or Ono.  When we complained, we were told there really wasn't anything they could do and all the meats came out when they were done cooking. Whatever that meant...3) Food was overcooked and of poor quality. If you can believe it, almost every person at our table agreed that the best option was simply the sausage...if only b/c it was cooked decently. Lamb was bland and overcooked. The other meats were mostly overcooked and tough to chew b/c of all the fat. The duck would have been ok if it wasn't served in portions the size of a penny. ...I think you get the point here. It's all about appearances for this joint. And, I must say, this certainly looks like a place that should be serving a good meal...especially for the price tag. Sadly, that's all it's got...a pretty outer shell but no substance. I walked out of there feeling violated. I just needed a hug.Do yourself a favor and walk across the street to Garrett Ripley's for a burger and a pint. You'll save yourselves a boatload of money & time...and enjoy your meal ta' boot.
