Despite being the closest to my home of all the LATaqs (Lawrence Avenue Taquerias), I hadn't tried this one because it seems to be open sporadically...REALLY sporadically. In fact, I thought that they had closed because numerous times over the last several months I had walked by and peered in the windows to find them closed at times that you would expect them to be open (weekend afternoons, weekday evenings). Possibly they actually were open on and off during that time period, but to my observation it was always "off." But lo and behold, today I was craving tacos and that little neon sign was beckoning: OPEN. And there were people in there--a lot of people! Gringos and latinos alike: nine total parties during my brief stop, plus two takeout orders besides my own. Wow, this outfit seems to be doing really well for a place that was at least quasi-shuttered for a long while. It's not even as divey as many of the other LATaqs. They have exposed brick on two walls, a plain wooden bar (fully stocked), a few Mexican-ish paintings, and carved wooden chairs. I would actually call this a modest hole-in-the-wall restaurant more than a straight-up taqueria.  In any case, I feel very promising about this, because they offer good grub and are a closer walk than the other LATaqs (although I could probably use the extra half-mile of exercise a few minutes before scarfing down so much meat).  The tacos were sprinkled generously with onions and cilantro (at my request--keep your lettuce and tomato, gracias) and the pico de gallo and tomatillo salsa on the side were both above average. Guacamole is fresh but fairly standard; ditto the chips. Chicken: B, decent meat and well seasoned but a little dry; use the pico to good effect Chorizo: B-, not terribly greasy but the saltiest damn chorizo I've ever had Al pastor: B, fairly straightforward, no complaints; a good canvas for the salsa verde Steak: A-, a very good example of expert handling of a sub-prime cut of beef Not only will I be back, but I might even break my taqueria rule and try something other than tacos. Please stay open, Garcia's!
