This is probably review 989......but I could not pass up the chance to RAVE about Hot Doug's! As I was walking to school one fine Thursday Morning, my bestest friend Ginger D., sends me a text stating we must satisfy our craving for greasy food. I voted 'Hot Doug's' as I saw the establishment on the Travel Channel's "Hot Dog Paradise" and have been itching to go for the last 6months! The promise of going to Hot Dougs kept me warm and happy through my morning classes and my walk home in 10degree weather. We arrive at 'Hot Doug's' at 1:30ish pm on a Thursday- yes there was a small wait, of about 10min. While waiting to order we observed that there was a menagerie of people dining at Hot Doug's, eagerly lapping down their lunch. Our time to order had arrived- I was a little star struck to see Doug! He was very warm and patient when it took me a few minutes to decide how I wanted my Pete Shelly (the veggie dog) cooked- definitely not like some other hot dog places where they will YELL at you if you cannot spit your order out in 35seconds. I decided on the flame grilled Pete Shelly, ketchup only and fries. My Pete Shelly was GOOD, the bun was light and tasty (NOT soggy), they did not skimp on my ketchup and the veggie dog was FLAMED GRILLED not "burned through the skin". The fries were good, a BAD bit below "Five Guys" quality fries but good none the less. ! I forgot to mention the price- a full, yummy tasty meal (1 Pete Shelly, 1 small fry and 1 small drink) for UNDER $6 cannot be beat. All prices include tax for those challenged by math ;) I have two other mini complaints, 1. NO bottled water! yes yes you can purchase a fountain soda and get water but its not the same and 2. CASH ONLY!!!!!!! For a girl that lives and breathes by her debt card this was very sad but thankfully I was aware before I embarrassed myself. I love Hot Doug's! I say its a good thing they are so far away or I would waste hours of my life waiting in line and thousands of calories on the deliciousness that is their food.
