It's been about a year since I last visited Demera, not long after it opened. This restaurant has definitely earned its fourth star. They have worked out the kinks, in food and service, and provide a fun dining experience. I visited last night with four friends. Some of us were completely unfamiliar with Ethiopian food, others had some experience, but none of us were pros. The server did a great job of explaining the dishes to us, and suggesting some of her favorites. She helped us figure out how to best order for our group, and even gave us a pen to keep track of our choices. On top of that. she was very friendly and funny, and never made us feel uncomfortable with our ignorance. The service is fairly slow, but if you're in that much of a hurry, go across the street to the Broadway Grill. The menu is fairly long, but very descriptive. A lot of the preparations are similar (stewed with Berbere sauce, stir fried, dry fried), so if you take a little time, you can figure things out. And as I said above, the servers are always ready to lend a helping hand. The Messob dishes are combination plates of meat or vegetables or both, so that's a good way to order for a group. We ended up with 8 or 10 different items, which was terrific. The beet and carrot dish convinced one diner who doesn't like beets that they might not be all bad, and the spinach quosta was great. We also had beef, lamb, poultry and shrimp dishes, and each had it's own character. I was a big fan of the dry fried lamb, and the beef kifto, a kind of tartare, was excellent. On my previous visit, I wasn't crazy about the injera, the bread you use to eat your dinner. I liked the flavor, but thought it was too thick and cumbersome. The injera last night was perfect -- sturdy enough to hold up, but thin enough that you were able to pick up a decent amount of food. If you don't know, you will be eating with your hands. If that's a problem, there's always the Broadway Grill. Demera used to offer a lunch buffet. They now offer a lunch special of four items for 8 bucks. It's a much more civilized approach to dining, and a great deal. I still don't have enough experience with Ethiopian food to rate Demera five stars. But it is a solid choice for a somewhat unusual dinner in Uptown.
