Let me just start out saying I love air conditioning. I adore air conditioning. I hate being hot. So this week, during the Chicago Heat Wave Disaster of 2011, was my boyfriends birthday. He decides he wants to go to 90 Miles for his birthday lunch. "Because Harry and Jurko talk about it on ESPN 1000 all the time, and that's where I want to go." It's 105 degrees outside, and 90 Miles is pretty much one big outdoor patio. There is a tiny inside, but it is almost equally hot. "Fiiinnnneeeee, let's go." We stopped by that little Foodsmart down the street first for some BYO goodness, and sat on the back patio. There are lots of fans back there, and on a normal summer day, I'm sure it's quite comfortable. This day, however, I should have just not left my house. All this being said......I still enjoyed the food very much. Here we go. We started off with the calamari. Now friends, don't be fooled. The actual calamari in this dish seems like an afterthought. Just a few rings at the bottom of the bowl that was full of a delicious, spicy, warm, amazing, tomato-ish sauce that was served with garlicky toast points. I would absolutely order this dish again. Just don't go into it thinking it's going to be your average grilled calamari dish. We ordered a papaya milkshake next to try to cool off. It was quite refreshing. I hate that word, refreshing. It's like the word moist. Ewww. But that's the only correct way to describe it. It was not too sweet, and frozen. Awesome. Entrees came next, he got the ropa veijas (he had no idea what to get, I cruised Yelp reviews and found something everyone agreed was delicious), I had the Wednesday lunch special, a 1/4 chicken covered with a yummy red sauce with potatoes in it and a side of yellow rice and a little salad. Everything was so good! The food temporarily took my mind off the heat. But not for long. We got about half way through and got a few boxes to wrap up and get outta there. All for under $40. Bargain birthday lunch. Score for me.  Maybe I should move to Northern Canada where it's cold/cool all the time. Aye.
