Oh. My. God. I have never been to a seafood restaurant in Chicago. It's not that I don't like seafood - it's just I've never had an occasion to go out to a nice seafood place and take in delicious scallops, shrimp, fish, etc. I'm a huge fan of fresh fish, so I was excited to see my friend but also curious to try seafood in Chicago. Anyway, I came here on a weeknight with an old friend and her family. First of all, it was so great to see them so I was in a happy mood to start off. There was a 45 minute wait, so we got drinks and caught up. Their gin & tonic is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. My friend got a Bloody Mary, and honestly, it was like a meal in a cup! A tall glass with tomato juice and liquor, topped with a giant pickle, celery, jumbo shrimp, and olives. Seriously, we all gasped when she got her drink! Forty-five minutes passed by super fast and we were seated next to a window. Jazz started playing in a corner opposite from ours almost immediately after we sat down, which put us in a good mood. I ordered the Fish & Chips, and it was incredibly divine. The batter the fish was dipped in was incredibly light and crispy - the fish itself melted in my mouth. The fries were cooked and seasoned perfectly, and the cole slaw and tartar sauce were great complements to the dish. My friend and her family ordered as follows: two orders of scallops and rice, one order of salmon, and another order of a yellow fish. Everyone enjoyed their meals, and I would say we were all very pleased with the quality of the food and the presentation. Also, they have sushi here, which is kind of cool/odd (since it's not a "Japanese" restaurant). But I suspect that the sushi/sashimi here is wonderful, just by how awesome their non-sushi dishes were. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a good meal and a good time. This place is PACKED, and it's busy for a reason! You can't lie about great food, and this place is definitely no secret. Come here for good seafood. You won't regret it!
