I was recently in Chicago for a wedding, and since I had enjoyed Frontera Grill once before for brunch, my wife and I decided to go back again for dinner, with a couple of good friends who live in Chicago and had wanted to try the place. We couldn't get a reservation beforehand, so we walked in at around 6:30pm on a Friday evening and put our name on the list. They told us it would be about two hours, but we really wanted to eat there, so we told them we'd be grab a drink and come back. A little more than an hour -- and a couple of beers -- later, I went back to check-in on our table, while the rest of the party had gone to another bar next door. Shockingly, the hostess told me that we were next! I ran -- literally RAN -- to the bar to grab everyone else, and even though it took them about 10 minutes to finish their last drinks and pay the bill, we were seated immediately when we got back. SCORE! I knew it was going to be a good night when we looked at the drink list. There were a number of craft beers and tasty-looking cocktails. I had a delicious Cane and Ebel red ale and one of our friends had the delicious Topolo Margarita, which she promptly downed in a few minutes. I later had one, and can confirm that it was delicious. We decided to share the guacamole to start, which was another good idea. The guac was fresh and tasty with just a little bit of kick and crispy chips. So many of the entrees looked good, and I had a hard time whittling down my choices, but the steak called to me because I think I saw it on TV before. The waiter confirmed to us that the steak was a good choice, as it was something he had as a special treat every Saturday night. So a friend and I both ordered the carne asada, my wife had the lamb cazuela, white corn tamale, and the jicama salad, and another friend had the jicama salad and the winter root vegetable cazuela, which we were warned was "very earthy."  The jicama salads were good, but nothing special. The corn tamales I thought were pretty good, but my wife loved them. The root vegetables I didn't get to try, but my friend couldn't finish them. I was told that it was a bit different, and "very rich." I was too busy enjoying my own meal to try it. The carne asada was a rib-eye steak -- my favorite -- that was very large, cooked perfectly medium rare, and had a wonderful seasoning / marinade on it. It had a little bit of spice too, which I appreciated. The plate also included black beans (which were a bit dry), guac, plantains and sour cream, as well as some delicious tortillas. I made some delicious tacos, and cleaned up almost the entire plate, because I couldn't stand wasting any of it. The plantains were sweet and delicious, but I didn't like the fact that they put the sour cream all over the plantains. Separately, they were both good elements, but together just didn't work for me.  The biggest surprise of the meal was the lamb cazuela, which was a delicious little dish of very tender lamb pieces in a nice little stew-like sauce. It was only $9.50 I think, but it was probably my second favorite thing I ate that night, other than my steak.  The service was good -- attentive and very helpful -- and overall we just had a great experience at Frontera Grill. Maybe the shortened wait had something to do with it, but this meal was better than the brunch I had the first time I came here. I can't wait until my next trip to Chicago!
