I must admit, this is where I wish Yelp had half stars, but we're going to round up for a great overall experience. I'm really pulling for Sprout, because they're doing everything right. Great concept, food, decor and service. Everyone should be telling their friends about Sprout. Plus if you've ever had Dale as your server at Sola you'll be happy to know he's whipping up some great dishes for your evening. The concept is great... a choose your own 3 course meal with some added bonuses between courses. Plus there's a special ingredient in each course that you don't know about, but of course they ask about food allergies so you're good to go.  So what about the food? You start with an app of your choosing. I had the Foie Gras, and while it was well executed and very flavorful, it wasn't exactly what I was looking for in terms of Foie Gras, if you're looking for traditional Foie Gras favor, then I would suggest something else. It was a little sweet for my taste and I guess I was looking for something more savory. The Scallop however was spot on, it was melt in your mouth delicious. For the second course, I got out ordered.... E called the short rib as soon as she saw it and I will say I had some order envy. It was flavored with truffle and manchego, which was an awesome combo and the meat was really tender and pulled apart with ease. I ended up debating between the Lamb and Venison and upon the waiter's suggestion got the Lamb. Again perfectly cooked and the special clianto sauce that was added was excellent. Dessert, I can't remember what E got for dessert but it was good, I ordered what was referred to as Christmas in your mouth and that's exactly what it was. And unlike too many desserts at other places they weren't super sweet and too heavy, just the right amount of something sweet to cap off a great meal. In a nutshell everything was excellently prepared and you can't beat the value that the menu offers nor the quaint, cozy and warm atmosphere that the restaurant surrounds you with. I'll definitely be going back again and again. Oh I almost forgot, the cocktails were well mixed and we really enjoyed the pinot. And it was just fun, there was this group behind us celebrating something and I swear I can't remember the last time I saw so many wine glasses on one table.
