Wow I don't think I have ever been to a place with better customer service. A few years back I came here and I was SHOCKED how accommodating they were. When I got up to grab a plate to get some stuff from the salad bar, the manager RAN to get the plate so he could hand it to me. If you want to feel like the most special person on earth, come to Fogo. This year I went to celebrate my anniversary, and I think I made the best choice by coming here. The food was great, I think traveling meat is always a great show, even if you aren't much of a meat eater. I'm not a fan of beef, so it all kind of tasted the same to me, but my boyfriend loved it and couldn't get enough of it. I LOVED the lamb though, I had all three versions of it, and all were fantastic. The fried bananas are also heavenly. I can't write enough good things about the service though. When the waitress asked if we were waiting for anything, I would name a meat, and not even 10 seconds later I would have it at the table. Also, our side dishes were never empty. Once when we were down to two cheese breads in our basket (which by the way are spectacular), one of the waiters takes the basket and RAN to the kitchen, and 5 seconds later RUNS back to our table to give us another basket of warm, tasty, cheese bread. AWESOME. Also, I never mentioned it was our anniversary to anyone who worked there, I just didn't think it was important. During the end of our delicious, gluttonous dinner, I handed my boyfriend a scrapbook and we were laughing and crying over memories of the past year. I never saw the waitress during this time, and after we were done looking at it, she came to our table with a piece of cake that said "Congratulations" on the plate.... She then said, "I'm not sure if you are celebrating anything, but I saw the photo album so I thought you were". I thought that was the most amazing thing any waiter has ever done. This takes being attentive and having excellent customer service to a whole new level. This place is definitely worth the money because of the service, good food, and awesome show they put on.
