Four and a half stars is spot on. Okay. Yes. the commute is a b*tch and a half... but it's worth it. One might argue that there isn't much you can do with a hot dog to make it "great," and one might be right. You can grill it or you can boil it, and when all is said and done, there just isn't as much room for culinary creativity as say, a rack of lamb. Like the Shake Shack phenomenon in Manhattan, you go to Hot Dougs for the experience. Part of that experience, to the dismay of some who just want to fill their bellies with meat and relish, involves waiting in line. You have to go to Hot Dougs with an open mind (and an empty stomach). I won't deny it, the hot dogs themselves are delicious, as tasty and satisfying as any hot dog I've ever had, but a they are still just wieners on buns, good for 3, maybe 4 bites. The wait in line with other tourists and eager first-timers, the descriptions on the wall menus, and the excitement of finally seeing Doug's smiling face waiting for you at the counter, are what make this a great place to check out at least once. We showed up at 930am (the place opens at 1030) on a sunny, chilly, Saturday morning to find a dozen people already patiently standing outside. By 1030, when the doors opened, the line went back about three blocks. Compared to Shake Shack this is not a long line, but the difference is Doug himself takes your order, and also some spends some time chatting with each customer (and posing for pictures in our case), so the line doesn't move nearly as fast. No problem, you can take this time to read the descriptions of the various hot dogs for sale, as well as a menu of Daily Specials. I went with the Kiera Knightley and the standard hot dog, grilled and boiled, respectively. My girlfriend opted for the standard hot dog, with everything, and the Foie Gras and Sauternes Duck Sausage with Truffle Aioli (I still have no idea what Aioli is), Foie Gras Mousse and Fleur de Sel. We also got orders of the Duck Fat Fries (which tasted exactly like regular fries). My standard hot dog was very good, well cooked, juicy, and pretty filling. I don't really know how else to describe a hot dog... the Kiera Knightley had a spicy tinge to it, but nothing mouth numbing (I guess she isn't as hot as she used to be). If I'm ever here again I'll try the extra hot "Selma Hayek" (too bad they don't offer the Penelope Cruz... cuz DAAAMN). I had a bite of the Foie Gras, which was delicious, but I estimate that one bite was worth roughly $3, which could've gotten me another Kiera/Selma. The staff here is very friendly, and they make sure you don't grab tables until you've gotten your food. The space isn't huge, but you don't feel cramped either, even with a few dozen customers inside and a hundred more out the door.  I'd return here again if I am in Chicago, but only if I have nothing else on my schedule. If you are just craving a Chicago style hot dog, then Portillo's in the city is a much quicker bet. One last bit of advice--find someone to drive you, or call a cab for pick-up 15 to 20 minutes in advance. We ended up walking 20 blocks to the subway stop to get back to downtown, since the area is entire devoid of taxis.
