I dined here on Saturday night with a couple of friends. The place was small be the ambiance was wonderful. My friends and I started off with a glass of Long Shore Lolita, a sweet but very tasty cocktail.  The menu was offered up about a few varieties of starters, main course and dessert, and they were some of the more original combinations of ingredients and flavors I have ever witnessed. Our waiter was polite, patient and very knowledgeable of the dishes. I decided to be a bit adventurous and started off with the Frog Legs with Greens, Escargot and Mushrooms. Very tasty. The Frog Legs were lightly battered, seasoned and deep fried. After that we were given a mini-course of a carrot & ginger puree.  Smooth and very tasty with just enough ginger essence that did not overpower the flavor of the carrot.  My main course of venison was served seared and sliced with glopp sauce, carmelized chestnuts over a cauliflower mash. Venison was cooked perfectly and moist, and the mash was really divine. Had a very similar consistency to homemade mashed potatoes.  After that, it was another mini-course that was play on a grilled cheese sandwich, which was I believed, grilled Gruyere cheese with sliced green apples on the inside and served with a spoonful of raspberry mustard. Very tasty as well, and not greasy. It was served with a shot of hard apple cider which was mildly sweet and light -- really hitting the spot.  I finished off my dinner with the corn brioche that was sliced, topped with a scoop of corn ice cream, and drizzled with a thick syrup that was a little sweet, with pieces of fresh corn and popcorn for added flavor and texture. Despite being a bit sweet for me, it was a nice ending to the meal.  My friends and I had a nice hot cup of coffee to complete the meal. One of my friends said it was the best coffee he's had in awhile. The 3-course prix fix meal with the 2 mini-courses was $65 per person, which turned out to be a bargain. They are very flexible and can serve dishes a la carte as well, but in doing so, you will not get the 2 mini-courses.  One thing to mention, most of the plating was exquisite, really eye-catching displays (a feat of Sous Chef Sara Nguyen?)  Also, because the restaurant is small, and always packed, you better make sure to be no more than 15 mins late for your reservations. All in all, it was a great way to start off my business trip in Chicago, and I got a chance to meet Exec Chef Dale Levitski as well, a very soft-spoken nice guy. One thing unusal though, Sprout is closed on Sundays and Mondays, and they are only open for dinner. So plan accordingly!
