I can't say how disappointed I am in the level of service and overall communication this restaurant offers to it's patrons. Despite all the accolades and raves one hears about Frontera, and although I am certainly not disputing the culinary genius of Rick Bayless, I have to say that my interface with both the reception desk and the general manager have been horrendous. I understand that this restaurant gets booked solid on any given weekend. To say the least, back in mid-June I had came into Frontera Grill with some guests and was informed that there was a 2+ hour wait. We had decided to go over to Sofitel for a few cocktails, then return once it was closing in on our time to be seated. When we arrived, we were all informed that our table was not available, and in fact, that our table had been given to another group. 2 hours wasted and no apology from anyone about this inconvenience. On 08-02-2012 I had called Frontera around lunch time to inquire as to the availability for a party of two on 08-10-2012. The woman I had spoke to in reservations had told me that she could squeeze us in around 8pm, but that even still there might be a wait. I just called over there to inform the restaurant that we would be running about 20 minutes late, and if we could push up our reservation from 8:15pm until 8:45pm. A man answered the phone who denied that we ever had a reservation, citing that it was "impossible" that we had a reservation, and that also it was also "fact" that nobody would of made any reservation for us on such short notice. The general manager then went on to throw his title in my face, stating that "I am the general manager and managing partner", and that we did not have a reservation, period. He also told me that Frontera grill "does not accept over the phone reservations". He offered no apology about our last uneventful encounter with the restaurant, and added further insult to injury with his crappy attitude and unwillingness to compromise with a guest who had experienced poor service and communication once before. To Rick Bayless: Guess what, I will never spend a dime of my money in your restaurant if this is how your staff treats your guests. I don't know where you found this general manager you hired, but guess what, as a result of his attitude you just lost my business and the business of my guests. You are in the "hospitality" industry just as much as you are in the "food & beverage" industry, and despite all of the great reviews and word of mouth your restaurant receives, these types of scenarios will almost certainly guarantee that you will lose your overall business over time. It is sad that Frontera is just another one of those over-hyped restaurants in which it's own ego would allow the loss of business from guests eager to try and/or return to your restaurant. Just because you are the highlight of the city now does not mean you will be forever. Take that into consideration the next time you have a sit-down with the man (who lacks social tact and respect for your guests) who claims he is the "managing partner" of your restaurant. Note to the general manager: I remember you trying to lecture me about the "facts" of my reservation and the information that I received, citing that it was "impossible" for a miscommunication to have occurred. Here, I got a "fact" for you which is not "impossible", you're an asshole!
