On a beautiful Chicago Monday evening, 7 fabulous ladies pulled up some patio to celebrate a birthday. The DJ was crankin' some tunes, the breeze was perfection, and our BYOB beverages were on ice. Now that I've set the scene, let's dive in to the most important part - the food. For apps we went with the tostones with mojo, guacamole, and an order of the chifrijo. I have never met a tostone that I didn't like and this was no exception. The mojo was divine and I wanted to put the leftovers in my purse but these broads kept asking me for it. Haters. I loved the guacamole here - probably because it was easy on the cilantro (whew!) and had some type of spicy stuff on the side that was similar to nopales. The chifrijo was crazy good! It was pretty much the gallo pinto (white rice, black beans) with sauteed veggies and chicharones. I mean really, you can't go wrong with chicharones in any form. I kind of wish I had ordered a bowl of this for my meal. That good. Most of us ended up ordering either a sandwich or empanadas for dinner. I did three empanadas; meat and potato, cheese, and spinach and cheese. The cheese only one was a bit bland, but with the help of a little salsa verde, it perked right up. The other two were delish as is. I also got a side of the gallo pinto because, ya know, how do you go to a Costa Rican joint and not get rice and beans? I can't personally vouch for the others grub, but the yum sounds could be heard around the table. Oh, I did sample the sweet plantains and there were great. Super soft, nice and caramelized, perfect. A couple of the gals tried the famous oatmeal shake and it lived up to the hype. Even the soy based one. Honestly, I couldn't tell the difference between the soy and milk ones. So yummy. My only gripe about this place was the service. We never got any small plates to divvy up the appetizers with. Our waiter spaced out on drink orders a couple of times. We had to flag him down a few times. Overall though, no biggie. We were there for a leisurely dinner so it was nice that we weren't rushed, even though there was quite the wait building up. Also - he was kind enough to snap some group shots for us on not one, not two, but three different cameras. And he was easy on the eyes so all is forgiven. Irazu - we will meet again soon.
