Let me start out by saying that Cafe 28 has the potential to be 5 stars in my book, as the food was good in general, but there were just too many little things about it that brought it down to 2.... A friend and I just went here last week. I really liked the look of the place, but for some reason it did seem really loud in there. Not judging them for that though. Oddly enough, we ordered only off the specials list, which is weird for us being it was our first time there, and we wanted to get a taste of this restaurant's menu... anyway, the food was good, but not great.  We got the seafood starter, which was a few scallops, mussels, shrimp, and squid with cherry tomatoes and fennel. It was good, but bland in my opinion and the squid was too rubbery. I got the swordfish entree, and while the swordfish itself WAS very good, the portions of the rest of the dish were just waaaay to small, and not as described on the menu. It was listed as a swordfish steak on a bed of roasted potatoes and brussel sprouts. Well, I kid you not, I got 3 little wedges of potato (amounting to less than 1/2 of a red potato), and.... here' the kicker.... 3 brussel sprout HALVES. Not even 3 whole brussel sprouts, just 1 and 1/2 brussel sprouts!! I mean, really? I felt that was really absurd. It was all fluffed up with some greens too, either spinach or chard, which wasn't listed on the menu, and I think that is a big no-no. My friend got the pork tenderloin special, and again, the portions were way too small, his pork wasn't very tender, and his yuca was hard and undercooked. The icing on the cake was when the girl, RIGHT next to us, got her MASSIVE honey pork chops, which cost about the same as our entrees, as we were sitting there still hungry. That sucked. So overall, the food is good, but not great, and at least as far as the specials went, the portions were too small. But I saw those massive pork chops, and I want them!! So I will be going back sometime in the future, ordering off the regular menu, and hopefully increasing my rating to at least 4 stars.
