After finding out that Geja's was on the list of participating restaurants for restaurant week, I immediately made a reservation. I've been wanting to come here and thought taking advantage of the deal would be great way to experience it for the first time.  We arrived early for our 6:30 Saturday reservation and sat at the bar while we waited for our table. In my opinion, we had the best table in the entire restaurant. We had the corner table in the room farthest from the bathroom on an elevated landing. It felt so secluded and intimate. It was dark at our table that our server had to use a little flashlight to help us see and order off the menu. We both ordered the aged beef tenderloin and shrimp. The Swiss Gruyere cheese fondue with apples, bread and grapes came out with the salad. The Dijon vinaigrette was tangy and the cheese fondue was delicious. I love Gruyere and all the dipping accompaniments were perfectly matched.  While eating the cheese fondue, the oil was heating so it was hot and bubbling when the platter of our beef tenderloin, shrimp and veggies were presented. This platter took up half the table. The cooking directions were given as well as the times. I noticed the beef and the shrimp needed a little longer than the 1-2 minutes they stated. The food was phenomenal. The veggies were tasty although the broccoli gave us the most difficult time. The darn thing kept falling off the skewer! The beef was tender and the shrimp were huge. We cleaned the entire plate but was able to pace ourselves and enjoy every bite. No one rushed us. The chocolate fondue was a great way to end the already delicious meal. The flambe was a nice touch for me to burn my marshmallows. I like them that way. The crushed graham cracker was perfect to make a version of smores. The chocolate was decadent and the fruit delicious. The coffee was strong and excellent. I like the whipped cream instead of cream. I think I might even do that at home. Overall, the service was outstanding, the food beyond delicious and the ambiance intimate. This was my husband's first experience with fondue and loved it. We are definitely coming back for a special occasion. This is a place you want to take someone to impress.
