This place is most definitely awesome. Everything about it is awesome. Lets start off with the fact that as you wait for your table you mosey on up to the bar and say, order a lovely glass of bordeaux. Then, you walk your handsome self outside and wait with your party. There are chairs to sit or you can just stand if you're still not tired from work. Oddly, but not like its bad or anything, the weather has been nice and warm so you wont freeze to death. On a normal day with parties around 5 people, a good estimate for the wait would be like 45 minutes to an hour so plan accordingly. HINT: Send an unsuspecting individual with a sense of humor to initiate the wait because they dont take reservations. What we got: Roasted Bone Marrow w/ Herbs: always a pleasure with this heart attack plate. But I never regret it. Eggplant Caponata: everyone loves this one. Foie Gras and Membrillo: I could have done without this one. Eggplant Parmesan Balls: lost my taste buds because I was impatient. I still had my euphoria a mist the pain. Pig's Ear w/ Crispy Kale, Pickled Cherry Peppers and Fried Egg: BOMB. Get this get this get this. You wont regret it. You know those weird swirley auras that Linguine had when he ate some food combinations in Ratatouille? I had that. Prosciutto Escarole Balls: lost my lost taste buds because I was impatient. I had a second wave of euphoria a mist the numbing sensation. Hurts so good. Wagyu Sirloin Tip: this was ooook. One could do without this. Octopus w/ Green Beans, Fingerling Potatoes and Salsa Verde: loved this! There are only a handful of places that can serve up a decent octopus that still has the 'bite' to it. Chicken Thick Kebabs, Fried Smashed Potatoes and Tzatziki: for some reason, this super simple dish stuck out to me the whole night. It might be due to the citrus in it that was just so awesome. The way everything is set up, you end up with a pretty awesome night chatting with friends while eating some great food. The competent waiters make things smooth and delightful.
