The food here is wonderful, and the interior is sleek and beautiful. I'm giving the restaurant 3 stars based on my carryout experience.I usually stop here as an indulgence a couple of times a month on my way to work, before 8 AM. I've ordered about half the menu, and carrier it out, and the food has always been fantastic. My husband and I are long-time fans of Rick Bayless' fine dining restaurants, and the food at XOCO tastes every bit as good as (though it's different than) the dishes served next door.However, if you are visitng the restaurant, I really strongly recommend that you dine in. Honestly, I don't think that they know how to do carry out that well. They offer one size container, and a plastic bag, and they packed my breakfast special this morning in 3 separate containers (coffee cup,. large cardboard box, and small bag). This made it very difficult to carry to my office, especially since I was juggling an umbrella in the rain as well.In addition, I've more than once had to wait 15 minutes or more for them to hand me my carry-out order, which makes me late to work. Each time it happened, it looked as though the staff forgot about me, because (perhaps) they don't have a good system to keep track of the carryouts. Each time it happened, I ordered something that was NOT in the case next to the register.The churro, empanada, and coffee in the special were fantastic (they make a great latte, and it's $1 less than Starbucks). I will probably continue to occasionally get carryout from them, but will stick with a coffee and the premade baked goods (they make an excellent apple-pear muffin) so I'm not late for work.I would also consider bringing carryout home for dinner on the train for my husband, for special occassions such as his birthday, if we can't get a sitter to eat at the regular restaurant.  I'd probably ask questions about how the pack the hot items (such as soups) for travel and which items will travel well before ordering, however.The bottom line: eat in if you can.
