Ok, first off people thinking of reviewing RATE THE PLACE ON THE EXPERIENCE ON THE INSIDE, NOT ON YOUR IGNORANCE OF GOING TO A SMALL SPECIFIC SPECIALTY THEMED BAR ON A PEAK WEEKEND HOUR WHERE, SUPRISE!!, YOU HAVE TO WAIT TO GET IN!!! Seriously people..?!?.  Went on a Monday night, no wait no hassle. Almost missed it since the outside light was burned out and it just looked like a normal graffitied wall. Walked through 2 sets of heavy ass velvet curtains and around a bend where the hostess checked our i.d.'s. The place was scary dark! She had to squint over a 2 watt lamp to check them. Walked past the lounge area to the booth's in the other room.   The place was painted a soft baby blue with white crown molding and the bar looked like they bought out the Restoration Hardwares medicine cabinet section. The menu's were huge (looked like your friends were looking at their laptops) as there were quite a few choices with explanations next to each drink and spirit which was nice. Amazing selection of Mezcals (so nice to see guys!) Brandy's, Bourbons, and Whiskeys.   There were 5 of us so we each ordered something different. The cocktails were $12 each and rightly so! After paying $12 for a Makers Mark on the rocks at other bars, this was a real treat. The biggest hit was the Juliet and Romeo, outstanding! I loved the SIx Corner Sling and the fact that the drink had one solid long ice cub as it kept the drink cold and less watered down then using normal cubes. We didn't try to food but damn did I want to! Next time.   Warning: The drinks do take time. They are made fresh to order and use fresh ingredients. When you are about halfway done with your first round, order your second to keep the flow going. The waitress was very helpful in suggestions and information about the cocktails and always around.  I liked how the music went in succession to the time of night. Billy holiday led to Sam & Dave led to The Stones etc.. great idea! It was so dark though that we were trying to figure out how the waitstaff keeps from falling asleep on the slow nights...   If you are a drink geek, this place is for you. Go on an off night and drink slow and enjoy. Bring friends so you can sample more. A real Chicago gem. Oops, almost forgot, outstanding beer selection as well!
