If you're driving south on the Kennedy, and just before crossing the Fulton St bridge (a block north of Randolph), look up to the left and you'll see the large, colorful facade for Carnivale. I had never noticed it before, and this place has been around for 5 years.... and what a place it is. Daughter and the P-unit enjoyed a most wonderful Sunday night Latin-themed dinner here. The food is excellent, and the main dining room is a sight to behold - colorful, festive, and grand, and also roomy and comfortable. Some reviews mention this place as being pricey, but the only thing I saw that looked "overpriced" for the location, atmosphere, and food quality were the mojito drinks (claimed to be the best in Chicago), going for $9 - $14. I had a nice Brazilian black beer Xingu (dark like Guinness, but a much lighter bodied ale), for a reasonable $6. Service was also good and attentive, though it wasn't particularly crowded for our 5:30pm dinner. Everything we had was delicious, nicely presented, and came with complimenting sides be they plantains or beans and rice. We started with fish tacos, that came with a light tabasco tasting sauce (their citrus tartar). I had the $24 Chuleta pork chop - when it arrived, it looked dry and possibly overdone on the outside, but it was tender and juicy and one of the best pork chops I've ever had (in the top five?). Wife had the seafood paella dish (Mama's something) - nice, flavorful and as expected for $27 - with lots of seafood in it. Daughter had the $19 grilled skirt steak - nicely done, great value, and you could smell the nice right-off-the grill burnt steak flavor pervade the table. We finished with blueberry tres leches and churros (much fresher than at the ballpark!). I don't know if I've ever had tres leches, but that cake is surprisingly densely packed with milky richness and I found it actually a challenge to finish my share (I didn't fess this to anyone at the time).  Overall, a memorable dinner in a memorable place. Everywhere you go, including the wash rooms, there is color and vibrancy. If you're looking for good food and something a little different, go here. We also found free street parking nearby, and there's also nearby metered parking, as well as $5 valet parking.
