I have patronized the Violet Hour on several dark and mysterious occasions. But after my last surreal experience, I will never be able to divorce this humble imbibery from the illustrious and otherworldly server they call the Falcon. That mythical beast took me on a detour, no, no, more like a flight, to the marvelous majesty of Epicurean ecstasy.    From the onset, I was curious of his manner and why someone of his apparent prestige would be working as a cocktail waitress. With his slicked-back hair and gilded vest, he bore the air of an ostentatious peacock. His manner elicited the impatience of a toddler as equally as the tranquility of a sage. And from a question so formally frivolous as How are you? he launched into an unending diatribe about his recent experiences traveling through the Amazon with Brazilian shamans in search of a mystic herb that would cure the sterility he incurred working as a grip in the recent biopic about Che Guevera.    Off-topic as it were, we tried to bring his wandering wisdom back to the task at hand: obtaining our cocktails. And, when it came to the indecipherable lexicon of the menu, he was a violent wellspring of firsthand knowledge. Upon my date's plebeian question about green Chartreuse, his face lit up like a white dwarf and he indulged us of his harrowing tale of the strategic seduction of three Carthusian monks that resulted in his complete knowledge and ability to recite the recipe for said elixir, all 132 ingredients in strict alphabetical order, both in English and Francais mind you!    Then--and only then!--with the timed precision of an orbiting electron in an atomic clock, he regaled my date and I with his timeless joke about a man of the Polish persuasion.    This joke caught me totally off-guard. Laughter - a sweet, helpless laughter - welled up inside me, uncertain at first, and then increasing logarithmically. I was gone. Guffaws flew from my mouth like spasmodic mating honks from some giant prehistoric bird. I doubled up as if some prankster had detoured the Indy 500 into my duodenum. And Falcon... Falcon the cruel, Falcon the barbarian... Falcon the taunter of monks... simply sat there and smiled at me, timing the laughter on the second-hand of his watch. The villain might just as well have used a calendar. And every time I felt that I might, in the far, far distant future, just possibly perhaps maybe come within sight of a point where I might, just perhaps, start to diminish my laughing, my torturer would attack me anew with a facial movement...raising an eyebrow three millionths of an inch for example...that would again plunge me reeling into an inescapable vortex of excruciatingly painful merriment. Finally I was saved by that most basic of needs...the need for oxygen. I had to begin breathing again, and this I finally did, for not even the Falcon's humor could override my involuntary instinct to survive. Or could it?     Partly to salvage at least a remnant of my sanity, partly as a supreme test of willpower, I attempted to hold my laughter in by clamping my lips tightly together. Big mistake. The laughter, finding no natural egress through my oral cavity, deflected upward like a tidal wave striking a granite cliff and created several million pounds of pressure inside my nasal chambers. He danced around the room, beat upon his chest like a gorilla, and let out a series of atavistic, cottage-cheese-curdling screams and a bout of Tuvan throat-singing that I must confess terrified me to my very marrow. Finally, after what seemed like a minute and ten seconds, he stood back exhausted, and began to weep.    Those fortunate few, if there be any others, who have seen the Falcon weep...a weeping, by the way, that is infinitely more masculine than the most 'macho' activity of any other man...will testify that it changes his appearance. No, don't panic ladies - he still retains every bit of his classical good looks. It's just that, softened by sobs, his handsomeness becomes...accessible. Tears of tenderness fall on the cheeks of the cold, marble Apollo, and bring it miraculously to life! This, then, is the real Falcon, the living contradiction. It's just that I now thankfully realize he is--dare I even whisper it?--mortal.
