A clean and casual seafood restaurant in neighborhood diner drag. What we ate: First Catch Special: Best deal in town? Concur. 1/2 lb of fresh fish [I had trout but they also have tilapia, catfish and perch(?)], roasted potatoes (they subbed a potato pancake,) fresh vegetables (asparagus,) cup of New England clam chowder (delicious,) small salad with dressing (buttermilk parmesan was a little bland and the vegetable pieces were cut too large, but otherwise the salad was great.) All that was $12, how do they do it? By only offering it as a lunchtime traffic builder from 11 to 6, I guess. My lovely companion had the shrimp Po' Boy. It was also fantastic. I had a few bites. The shrimp were breaded and somewhat spicy. She's one of those people that believes in "healthy living" and "longevity" and and "not keeling over from a heart attack at 55" but really, honey, it was just fine without their succulent homemade tartar sauce. Service: At times I like a little sass and sarcasm with my meal. You won't find any of that here. So I'm not sure why it's a "Diner." Anyway our waitron was a friendly hipster dude with interesting but not overdone metal bits about his outfit. Maybe some of those were piercings. Wasn't really keeping score but he was friendly, helpful, communicated well and tablechecked 2x. I believe Monsieur Glenn popped over once to deliver our food, and he thanked us as we left. Nice guy. Again with the sincerity and lack of sarcasm, what's up with that. (Just joking obviously.) Decor The interior is a gallery of cute and quirky paintings that seem to have migrated over from nearby Lill Street Gallery. At least some are themed to the decor. I suppose some of these fill in for the snark deficit I mentioned in my discussion of the service. My seat allowed me to study the breakfast cereal astrology painting when I wasn't undressing my date with my eyes. I found the oldies music a little bit of a distraction. It's not a radio station but it plays all those old chestnuts you know all the words to and the volume was up a bit high for my taste. Misc. We ate indoors but there's a nice sidewalk cafe. Handsome northsiders were in abundance. If that's your thing. Anyway this place is great and I'd trust everything on the menu here, and I'm certain we'll be back with the kiddies soon. Keep up the good work Glenn's Diner!
