Carnivale is definitely more like 3.5 vs 3 stars. If you're thinking about eating here or even grabbing a few drinks, do it! The decor of the place alone is worth experiencing. If you are going for dinner, I would highly recommend a reservation. Practically everytime I've come here (even with a reservation) I've still had to wait while until a table opened up. While you're waiting grab a drink at the bar if you can. It's really crowded in this area, though. This place is like no other in the city. The atmosphere, colors, staff are all really cool. The main eating area has really high ceiling and the decor makes you feel like you're in another place. Very cool! There are many big tables making it great for groups. I actually prefer to come in a group because I do not like where they seat you if there's only 2...I like feel like I'm in the outskirts and super close to the table your seated next to. The staff knows their menu and specials VERY well. Now for the food. I suggest starting off with the chips and guac. Sometimes it's better than others. I tend not too like there to be too many onions mixed in and sometimes there is. The half order is enough for two people. If you're looking for something that you can't really get anywhere else, I'd go for the Arepa. For the main dish I always get a chicken dish called Pollo Estilo Billy. It literally melts in your mouth and is amazing!!! People I go with always seem to enjoy whatever it it they have. The food also comes out pretty quick if I remember correctly. Now to the good stuff..the drinks! Their mojito is excellent. They do a good job of not mashing up the mint leaves which tends to wreck and change the flavor of a mojito (for me at least). If you like vodka and a drink on the sweet side, try Victoria's Secret. One complaint/mistake I made was coming here in a Sunday right when they opened. I was craving their chicken dish and decided to grab an early dinner. The chicken wasn't the best and the fries it came with were horrible..I could even eat them. The small salad on the plate was the best part. Our waiter was nice but, kept disappearing. Quick tip for those of you driving..valet is only $5! Cheap in this city..
