Well, I have been to two of the locations in Scottsdale earlier this year and we were happy to hear they had a location opening in Chicago later in the year. I wanted to go right away, but knew better than that and gave it about a month before we went so they can work out some of the kinks. An FYI to people who complain about everything the first 2 weeks a restaurant is open;  No matter how much training or preparation goes into a place, nothing is ever perfect and you should know this if you are reviewing restaurants, even if just on Yelp. Anyway, we had a reservation for 6 at 6PM. Only 3 of us were there, yet the seated us at our table anyway instead of forcing us into the bar until the rest of our party arrived. I was pleased we weren't herded into the bar to spend additional money and stand there like grazing cows while we waited for the rest of our party to arrive. This is a huge plus.  We were seated upstairs, near the kitchen, which bothered me at first, but honestly, turned out to be a non-issue. Our waitress was very pleasant, but you could tell she was still a greenhorn. I browsed the wine list and almost choked when the cheapest bottle of Pinot Noir was 100 bucks. Lucky for me they have a normal, affordable wine selection right on the regular dinner menu. Wine selection is EXCELLENT and extremely affordable for such a high caliber restaurant. They had a decent bottle of Pinot Noir for 36 dollars, which was nice. We went with the Erath though for $50, which was still reasonable. Tap, still or sparkling water is offered. We went with tap... For our warm up lap, we ordered the Iceberg Wedge, Cesar Salad, Beefsteak and Mozzarella Salad, Mastro's Salad with Shrimp and French Onion Soup. Everything was excellent and came out in an appropriate amount of time. No one had a complaint. For dinner, three of us ordered Filet, one Butterflied, one bone-in and one regular cut. All three were cooked as ordered and had good flavor, although their rub was definitely stronger than some of the other Chicago Steakhouse staples. My wife ordered the only chicken dish on the menu which she said was excellent and my sister-in-law ordered a Cesar salad with salmon over the top. She also said it was excellent, although $39 for a Cesar salad with salmon was surprising, even though they laid a dinner portion piece of salmon over the salad, ha. Overall, everything was excellent and came out in a timely fashion. For sides, we tried the Au Grautin potatoes, creamed spinach, sauteed spinach, sauteed broccoli and twice-baked potato. Each portion was massive and did not disappoint. A warning about the twice-baked potato though. It has bacon, which my brother-in-law wasn't a fan of and I didn't get to try it, but it looked good. Again, no complaints. Dessert was the Butter Cake, which is by far one of my favorite desserts I have ever had. We split one between 5 of us. And the birthday girl got the chocolate cake, which I didn't try, but there wasn't much left, so I would assume it was excellent. Overall, I think this place is an excellent alternative if you are tired of the same old places in Chicago. A few of my traditional favorites have been slipping and this will be a good replacement for a few of them. The bar scene also looked very decent and had a piano set up for live entertainment and I know in Scottsdale it gets hoppin' in the bar. Service was an B+, compared to Il Mulino. Atmosphere an A Food an A+ Give it a try.
