Hands down, one of the top three meals of my life. Dining at Tru can only be explained in one way: An Experience. From the moment you walk in the unmarked entrance (stashed between Northwestern hospital buildings, it is extremely easy to miss -- we passed by it twice before finally figuring it out), the service is a theatrical wonder that will keep you amused all night long. It's no wonder this place won the James Beard award for service last year. Every movement of the waiters is synchronized and they lay down and take away each plate at the exact same moment from both diners. As a theater person, I wonder how much they had to rehearse to get that right?! Every single person who worked in that place made it their personal mission to make our experience amazing, from the valet to the coat check person to the sommelier. The decor is beautiful, understated, modern, elegant. Floor to ceiling black and white drapes, deep purple velvet booths, interesting art, the coolest bathroom sink ever. Make sure you go to the bathroom, even if you don't have to go. The food was amazing and interesting and novel and grand. We had the grand collection. Here's a rundown of the courses: 1. duck confit, red wine duck gelee, brussel sprout 2. tete de cochon, lentil salad, white truffle powder 3. selection of sashimi-grade fish, complementary garnish 4. beef bullion, carmelized onion, gruyere custard, crouton 5. squid ink tagliatelle, matsutake, grains of paradise 6. mushroom poached striped bass, winter root vegetables, ginger turnip broth 7. proscuitto-wrapped beef ribeye, yukon gold potato, whipped raclette, paprika jus 8. ginger-lim soda, honeydew soup 9. roasted plum, vanilla brown butter, brioche 10. mignardises &lollipops (or in my words...candy cart!) My fiance and I were celebrating our anniversary, and they printed out a very nice souvenir menu that said happy anniversary and listed everything we had. Additionally, they brought out a plate with a little chocolate with a candle in it with Happy Anniversary piped on to the plate. Very nice touches. My favorite course was the striped bass. The sauce it was in was heavenly. Second favorite was the beef bullion, which was a very unique version of french onion soup. The desserts were also heaven, and I wished I'd had more room to try everything on the candy cart. Also, the truffle powders will really something -- they felt like nothing as soon as they hit your tongue but then you are hit with an intense flavor. amazing. Yes, this place is insanely expensive. Nobody should spend that much on dinner, but I reasoned that it was basically dinner and a show, and an opera ticket can set you back a pretty penny, so....there's my justification. :) And the three hours we spent at Tru was worth it. Neither of us will ever forget it, that's for sure! I forgot to mention the wine we had, which was recommended by the sommelier. It was an Alsatian white, and it was terrific. Kudos to the sommelier. If you are even remotely into food and dining out, and especially if you are a self proclaimed "foodie" such as myself, save up your dining out dollars for awhile and splurge on Tru.
