rick bayless' homage to mexican food is probably the best tasting of mexican food i've had. everything from the attention to detail in the food to the detail in the dining room made us feel like we were having some good food at a cool restaurant in puerto vallarta. yes, the wait is long but this is noted on their site and we came w/ that expectation. for those of you not willing to wait, the bar is full service and you can get food from either frontera grill or topolo next door. we put our names down and waited for a bar seat but were surprised when they sat us earlier than the quoted 1 hour wait. the dining area is lively w/ mexican music playing in the background. once seated, our waitress graciously greeted us and immediately helped us out w/ the drink menu. i got the topolo margarita and wifey got a raspberry tea margarita like drink. we both really loved our drinks. for apps we got the topolo tortilla soup and the queso fundido clasico. the tortilla soup was thinner than i expected it to be but the flavors were pot on. the thin strips of tortilla and chicken all worked together and a douse of lime juice provided a nice hit of acid. the queso fundido was very flavorful. we were given little tortillas so that we can make mini tacos. on the side we were given some chorizo along w/ 2 types of roasted salsas. i tried various combinations of queso, chorizo and salsas and everything was lovely. for mains, i got the enchiladas de mole poblano and she got the tostada de frijoles negros w/ chicken added. the mole sauce in my dish was the best mole sauce i've ever tasted. it was spicy, sweet, rich and complex. the tortilla was perfect and the chicken was very well seasoned and cooked. i'd go back here just for this dish. the tostadas were very light and the cheese on them was so fresh and light. for dessert we got the chocolate-raspberry tart w/ fresh raspberry ice cream. this was a recommendation from the nice group who were seated next to us and had been coming to frontera grill for 23 years! the tart crust was nice but the filling was spectacular w/ both the richness and sweet/tartness of the raspberries working wildly together. the ice cream provided the nice light contrast to the tart and we were left with large smile on our face. i have to mention our waitress again. unfortunately i don't remember her name but she made our meal entertaining and provided great insight into the menu. i was struggling between choosing between the enchilada dish i picked and a halibut dish. in order to help me out she wanted to see if i liked the mole sauce so she brought me a sample of the mole sauce to aid in my decision. everything about this meal just worked so well. if we were living in chicago i'd say we'd be regulars here but all we can hope for is a sister restaurant out here.
