The reviews are pretty right on. The location is fantastic, the lobby/architecture is lovely and the elevators were quick and easy. But it's clear where they cut corners to save money. The beds were nice but there were only foam pillows. There were plenty of towels (once we asked) but they were relatively small, very thin and pretty scratchy. The shower curtain was hung on a straight tension rod that was too far INTO the tub - and of course, it came down when I tried to move it away so as not to have the plastic curtain plastered to my, er, behind as I showered. I got it into the right place with the help of my roommate. The rooms are SPACIOUS but the view (on the 5th floor) was of a massive concrete wall - a little "view" of brick buildings when you looked straight up. The worst part was the musty smell, and the old-ness. When I went to adjust the thermostat/fan, the little metal "flap" revealed filth/stickiness/cobwebs inside, I didn't want to touch the knobs. Our closet (we were in #547) was big and roomy, but our adjoining room (#551) had a weird DOOR that started about 4' off the ground and was probably 3 or 4' tall. Inside (of course we looked!) were old pipes and cobwebs and some trash at the bottom. I believe this was access to plumbing. We think the worst of the smells came from behind that door. So we took everything out of the closet in 551 and moved it to 547, as we had both rooms and the door in between stayed unlocked. There were layers and layers of paint on all of the wood (except the new wood molding along the floor in 551 that had not yet been painted), and much of the paint was peeling. The bathroom was updated but the handicap bar between the sink and the commode was a great place to stub ones toes - it's just in a weird place. The carpet was ornate but old, made me wonder when it was cleaned last. Wish I'd brought my slippers! Other friends had a big "double room" on the 13th floor that had no smell. A big room with a king bed, and a separate room with a double bed. The separate room was teeny tiny but it did have a window and it's own flat screen TV, but no furniture, just the bed. I think that room number was 1381/1381A. Haunted? Some of my roommates went on a Chicago Ghost and Red Light District Tour, and found out that the Congress Plaza is the MOST haunted hotel in Chicago (and the 2nd most haunted hotel in the USA!). Cool and yet creepy. We got a great deal at http://hotels.com but probably wouldn't stay there again.
