I like to think I am a connoisseur of Indian food (key word: like). I may know a thing or two about Indian food considering the fact that I am somewhat Indian (I have the genes) and I have cooked for large Indian gatherings. Those Indian aunties can be very particular about the food...read, b*tchy! India House, focusing highly on North Indian cuisine, is where I go when I don't feel like making Indian food at home, and don't want to make the trek to Alaska (I mean Devon avenue). I live in the Loop, it is a pain to get to Devon when you do not drive. India House saves me from going ape$hit when I need some gulab jamun or tandoori chicken. The buffet is one of the best I've had in this city. Better than most buffets on Devon avenue. And clean. CLEAN!!!! You know the importance of clean if you've eaten at some of the Indian restaurants on Devon (yes, Ghareeb Nawaz and Hyderabad House, I am talking about you). Tandoori is clearly the winner here followed by the myriad of vegetarian dishes. If you are doing the lunch buffet, tandoori chicken and naan are served at the table. The menu is quite extensive. The samosas and aloo pakoras make for perfect appetizers while you are waiting to decide on an entree. I have had a variety of tandoori dishes here and they all are delectable. The chicken reshmi kabab is perfect for those who cannot handle much heat. For something you do not see at most Indian restaurants, try the chicken achari tikka - chicken marinated in Indian pickle paste, yogurt, spices and roasted in a tandoor oven. The staples of most Indian restaurants in the US - chicken makhani (butter chicken) and chicken tikka masala - are quite delicious. The hallmark of North Indian cuisine is the bread. India House wins hands down in the bread category. The plain naan, Kashmiri naan, and garlic naan are delectable. For something different that you don't see at many Indian restaurants, try the Khandhari naan - sprinkled with pistachio nuts. Just admirable! I normally do not order south Indian dishes at a north Indian restaurant, but I decided to give the lamb vindaloo and lamb madras a try. I have been burned many times in the past when I ordered south Indian food at north Indian restaurants and vice versa. I was pleasantly surprised and impressed with the quality of both dishes. Honorable mention goes out to their mango kulfi - traditional Indian ice cream made with real mango juice. The gulab jamun - another staple of Indian restaurants - is quite delectable as well. I can see India House being approved by the North Indian side of my family.The South Indian side of the family will like it as well, but they will prefer to complain in their typical north Indian vs. south Indian style. In the meanwhile, while the two Indian sides are bickering, my waspy East Hampton-bred partner will happily eat everything on the menu.
