Atmosphere: Grade DFood: Grade B--------------------------------Average: Grade C  or A-OKI took my daughter for lunch for her birthday and this is where she wanted to go. We arrived around 1:30 p.m. on a Wednesday and there was a short line. We were told to stand in line and we started to study the chalkboard menu, which was so full of items it was difficult to read. Then, we noticed the hostess, who had greeted us, handing out menus to other people in line. Gee, thanks. I politely asked for a menu and we had literally 30 seconds to decide what to order, since we were up to the counter. I asked what would be recommended and counter girl gave me a point towards the menu board. We both ordered tortas-I had the jamon (ham) torta and my daughter had a Cubana pork torta, which basically is a Mexican sandwich/type panini, with a spiced mayonnaise type of sauce and melted cheese. It was delicious but not over the top delicious. I have had better sandwiches for $ 11.00 a piece! Reasonably priced? NOT!We also ordered the chips and guacamole, which were very good, but special? NOT! The atmosphere is kind of rushed, with people moving in every aisle and space is limited. Employees were walking around but did not seem to be doing anything. The place simply was not that busy.Tables are shared, which was no problem for me and my 27 yr. old daughter. However, the hostess placed a couple next to us, who had a four year old who was not behaving. She was wining, squirming and complained she did not like the food. Her mom gave her a couple of chips and gave her a small computer to play with. (Temporary solution but it sure served a purpose while we were eating!)The ladies room was messy and the ceramic floor had a filmy, greasy feeling. I said something to the manager because I was having a problem walking and sliding on the floor in walking shoes! She answered, Well, I would not know because I have on non-slip work shoes.  I asked her to mention it to her boss and she answered, I'llthink about it. How arrogant!My conclusion is that someone is using flax soap to wash the floors, which are ceramic and should have a detergent, or just plain water to clean up--not a filmy, greasy soap, that most people cannot walk on.Also, the attitude was like THEY were doing us a favor. Should it not be the reverse? Rick Bayless, you need to be there supervising once in a while. You are better than this! We have eaten at Frontera Grill and Topobolongo. Xoco was a disappointment, even if it is only a cafe. Our total bill for chips/guacamole, two sandwiches and two iced teas was $38.00. Sad waste of money and time.My advice would be to stop for a quick bite alone, or take out or have a hot chocolate and a churro TO GO.
