4 1/2 stars I've been holding back a little bit on my review of Calo because it has a very deep, soft spot in my heart. Calo was on of my first nights out when I moved to Chicago. My new neighbor, looking back, was trying to woo me and taking me to Calo was a bold, calculated move, if not completely effective; nonetheless, I was wooed by the restaurant, the staff, the dcor and most importantly, the food. Calo was where I learned that I like octopus, marinated and grilled that was perfectly piquant and smoky. The octopus itself was remarkably tender; if I'd closed my eyes I might have sworn I was eating chicken, but there was a taste to it that wasn't anywhere near the ubiquitous taste of chicken. Fried squid is another Calo favorite. These people know how to treat rubber bands so that they are the farthest thing from rubber bands. You'd be wise to take advantage here, you just never know where you might run into octopus or squid and how extremely disappointed you might be. That's not the case at Calo. The Rotolo di Mozzarella is a can't miss: fresh mozzarella rolled with prosciutto, served with plum tomato, basil, the best balsamic and just the right touch of garlic and extra virgin olive oil. If you want to cure what ails you, opt for Fried mozzarella, served with Calo's light but flavorful Marinara. And if you want to throw down old school, you have to try their version of Shrimp De Jonghe. I don't know any other place in Chicago that sells this classic dish. Minestrone is worthy any great-great Italian grandmother; or check out the soup of the day, always with an Italian bend to it. Stand out salads include the Smoked Braid Salad and the Mediterranean salad. The Smoked Braid start with smoked mozzarella as the base and arugula, prosciutto, grape tomatoes, and Italian vinaigrette expertly portioned on top; a garlic crostini accompanies. The Mediterranean is leaf-less, nothing gets in the way of this mix of classic Mediterranean vegetables in vinaigrette. Ribs are a specialty, and with good reason: they're crack-tastic. Rotolo di Melanzana, eggplant stuffed and rolled, is a personal favorite as are their outstanding Center Cut Pork Chops, perfectly season and grilled to nirvana. Entres include your choice of soup, salad, pasta or potato; if I haven't already had salad or pasta, I might choose one here, but otherwise I love how the treat the spud at Calo. Whatever they do, they bring out the best of the potato and I want lessons. The Zuppa di Pesce [fish soup] is an Italian version of Boullibaise and better than many Boullibaise dishes you can find in and around town. Shrimp De Jonghe moves from the appetizer menu to a full on Entre; this rich shrimp and spinach dish is not only delicious, it is incredibly rich in iron and protein. Be sure to ask about the fresh fish of the day. Scallops on Farfalle is wonderful due in part to the light basil cream sauce, and Lobster Ravioli is an indulgent and luxe dish punctuated by my favorite, sun-dried tomato. If you're a gnocchi fan you have at least 3 to choose from a Calo, it's hard to go wrong. Soft pillows of potato dough, perfectly cooked and expertly sauced, my favorite is the marina where the gnocchi are paired with friends pancetta and Parmesan. The rest of the menu is punctuated with Italian American classic like lasagna and a bevy of risottos. You can't miss, but opt for one of Calo's many specials and save the pastas for the kiddies. I've never had lunch here, I've never ordered pizza for delivery from here, Calo has always been a destination restaurant for a great Italian dinner from people who care about you and the food they serve. And too so should it be for you, at least once.
