Ahh, my triumphant return to yelp after a hellish 2 months at work where I was forced to dine on takeout and home cooked meals because I didn't leave the office in time to actually go to dinner anywhere worthwhile. Fortunately Sunda was the last meal I had before my dining out hiatus and it was a good one. Aside from the fact that we had to wait about 35 minutes past our reservation time and the hostess was kind of snobby, we had a great time at Sunda. The cocktails I had were delicious - some of the best I've had in recent times. I highly recommend both the Blackberry Hime and the Toasted Ginger Snap.  It was my friend's birthday so the chef came out with a complementary sake shot. Nice touch, although the magic wore off a bit when we saw him doing shots with other tables too.  Onto the food. It was pretty much a pork love fest. But who doesn't love them some pork? Vegetarians I suppose, but I digress. Two of my friends are Filipino and recommended we order mostly the Filipino items on the menu, though I did stake my claim in two sushi rolls for appetizers. The Crunchy Pig Hidden Lobster Roll and the Firecracker were two of the best (if not non-traditional) sushi rolls I've had in a while. Really good. In fact, I want some of those in my rumbling belly right now.  We shared several entrees: the pork belly adobo, crispy pata, and the longevity noodles with crab (I guess you've got to take a break from the pork at some point) with a couple of orders of garlic rice. I try not to think about the fact that when I'm eating pork belly I'm more or less eating a bacon steak. I mean, it's so delicious, who wants to think about the fact that I'm probably gaining weight just by looking at the damn thing. So I put that little detail out of my mind until I can't button my pants anymore (not there yet). I think it goes without saying that this was a really good pork belly. The crispy pata was also a knockout. Get it. You'll like it. The longevity noodles and the garlic rice were nice and garlicky...I sure kept the vampires away that night.  After we left, I rolled my cholesterol laden self home and promptly had a heart attack. Well, no not really. But if I did, it would have been a hell of a meal to go out on.
