I have been here twice, and the food was excellent both times. However, while my first experience was 5 stars all the way around, my second visit was definitely 3 stars, which makes an average of 4.  The first time we went, everything was phenomenal. The service was excellent, as well as the food. I really like that you can buy a bottle of wine for retail price and it will still be corked and served to you.  The second time, there were a few issues. I think part of this could have been because we were seated right near the open kitchen, whereas the time before we were further into the restaurant. As someone who has spent a lot of time working in restaurants, I like sitting where I can see service happening. However, some of the things we saw made us a little less tolerant of the service we were given. Little things were that I saw some servers with their hair down past their shoulders or wearing sleeveless shirts or open toed shoes, which I were always told were against health code and would have gotten sent home from my past jobs if I showed up to work like that. One server was wearing shorts so short that her apron was longer than them. Additionally, it seemed that only the food runners and busboys were wearing uniform t-shirts, maybe a couple servers too, but the majority of the servers seemed to be in aprons and street clothes. Please don't think I'm a snob, I really couldn't care less about restaurants having uniforms, but if they're GOING to have uniforms, it looks unprofessional and inconsistent to have only half of the staff wearing them. Uniforms are not enough for me to take a star off of a review for a restaurant that has truly delicious food and such a casual, fun atmosphere. Our issues were this: at one point, a burrata salad was set down in front of us, which we didn't order but didn't realize until the food runner had walked away and immediately realized what he had done. The expediter told us "that was our mistake, please enjoy the salad." Great! However, our server then walked over, before we had dug into the salad, and said "wait, that's not yours!" and before we could even explain to him what had happened, he took the salad away. This part is not so bad, as the fact of the matter is that we hadn't ordered the salad, so we didn't care. What was awful was that when he picked up the salad, he set it down on the table RIGHT NEXT TO US. Mind you, we were sitting at the high tops toward the front, so the table next to us was no more than two feet away from us. Literally. Now, I'm not one to judge a server or runner for bringing the wrong food to a table, nor would I judge a server for taking away the wrong dish that was brought to a table. However, you have to AT LEAST take it back to the kitchen before you bring it to the right table. It is an EXTREME restaurant faux pas to transfer food from one table of strangers to a different one, let alone the very next table. We of course weren't going to say anything, but they're lucky the table next to us didn't. I realized later that the food runner had ground pepper onto the salad before the server picked it up and gave it to the next table. Then I noticed later that when a different dish was put in front of them, the woman at the table declined having ground pepper. Finally, what ended up being upsetting later was that we realized that the expediter had TOLD US that the salad then belonged to us, due to their mistake, but yet our server was not informed of this and he took something that had been given to us away! Like I said, we weren't angry, and believe me, more food was the last thing we needed, but it's still very bad form. Bottom line, I will definitely be back here. The food is delicious (you have GOT to get the polenta with the different daily ragout) and the prices are very affordable. They just need to work out some of those unprofessional kinks and work more on communication between staff.
