I knew what I was getting myself into, and I should've known better. My husband and I had 7:30 reservations. When we arrived, we were seated immediately. The restaurant was busy and we were excited to start our meal. Then it began....the notorious lackadasical service. I witnessed it, experienced it, lived it, and am here to tell the annoying story about it. First, there were a million people in chocolate brown t-shirts. Who is the server? Who are the bus people? Who is going to answer my questions about the menu?! WHOOOOOOOOO?!!! Someone comes and fills my water glass, but there is no menu. A different person hands us the menu, but doesn't stick around to discuss anything. Ten or 15 minutes after we've been seated, the server comes over to introduce himself and take our drink orders . I get a beer, the husband gets their sparkling water (which is super filtered and looks deceptively still in the glass but is crazy bubbly). Great. Thanks. Some more time passes and we get to talk to our server and ask him all the questions about the menu. Apparently, the menus changed to the summer menu the night before, so we were excited to try the new food. We started with the infamous popcorn. It's delish. It's nicely seasoned with the truffle oil and chives, and it's got this nice earthy/salty flavor. I started with the scallop appetizer which was awesome. It was perfectly cooked, well seasoned and all around delicious. My husband had the ceasar salad which was also great. The whole thing just worked. The twinkie had this cheese filling thing that was good and it had a great combination of flavors. We tried a third appetizer, the buffalo chicken....which was ehh. It basically was DOUSED in hot sauce. I love buffalo wings, but I prefer them to be mild as opposed to hot hot hot. I like the taste of the hot sauce but I don't want to be overwhelmed by it, especially if it's Frank's or some other store brand hot sauce. I could be wrong, but can you at least make your own, or change it up a bit? The roquefort mousse was different and added a lot of flavor to the dish, but the whole thing was just meh. For our entrees I had the halibut, which again, was cooked PERFECTLY. It came with this tomato jam, israeli cous cous with grilled fennel, and smoked eggplant. My plate was almost licked clean. My husband had the deconstructed gyro. The dish had pieces of lamb, with feta, tomato and some pickled cucumber. My husband thought the cucumber was good and the dish was good, but underwhelming. Yes, it was plated differently and the meat was different than the normal gyro, but nothing about it was spectacular.  For dessert we had the deconstructed strawberry shortcake. Again, yes, it tasted good, but nothing about it was stellar. When you got a bite of everything it was good, but what was there that really set it apart from the other strawberry shortcake you've had?! Not really anything aside from the plating. Now, on to the service. When you are paying as much as you are paying for a meal like this, a lot of the overall experience depends on the service you get while at the restaruant. The intial flurry of people "helping" us made us feel like everything people said about the bad service was wrong...until we moved further along into the meal. After our appetizers, we had the entrees, but the server didn't come to ask us how we like our meals soon enough. He came and asked about my husband's lamb, which he thought was a little undercooked, about 5 min before he was done. Fine, he offered to have them throw it on the grill (which I am convinced that restaurants really just put it in the microwave) when there were 3 pieces of lamb left on his dish. Really? REALLY? We get WAY better service at places where the meals are a fraction of the cost.  After our entree plates were cleared, we had to wait 10 min for our dessert menus, then another 10 min to get our order in. When the waiter finally came around, I said, " We thought we lost you!" He replied, "I thought I lost myself!" Umm...WHAT?! What does that even mean?! How is that ok? Then, here is the kicker...I stood up to track down the waiter to get my own check. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, at the end, I was my own server...it got that bad. The whole thing wouldn't have been so bad, had I not seen the terrible inefficiencies in the restaurant. There were a lot of people "looking" busy, and by that I mean walking up the restaurant empty handed, and coming back...you guessed it, empty handed. It was like the servers were being assigned tables as they came in instead of having areas. So, it meant that my "server" was all over the place. I know the restaurant isn't that large, but come on...there has to be a better way. From the beginning game of who's who to the end when I had to stand up and get the check, it was all off. I was glad to have the experience, but service left me feeling disappointed.
