My husband and I have been looking forward to trying Bad Apple for a while. We live in the neighborhood and enjoy supporting local businesses... unfortunately, with a baby, we don't actually get out much.  The stars aligned and we were able to *gasp* eat out for lunch on a Sunday - such a treat these days! After a little discussion, we decided to try the Bad Apple. What a waste of a (for us) special occasion :(.  We were seated in the "side room" a.k.a. the holding area for people who bring kids to restaurants, extra sticky, and full of germs. I understand why restaurants separate the families, but we're with an infant - she's not running around, yelling or disrupting customers in any other way. She's not even big enough to sit in the high chair. Maybe I'll feel differently when I have a toddler, but I was annoyed to be seated in a holding tank today.   Anyway, back to our meal, the reason we're at the Bad Apple anyway. My husband ordered a burger, which was "ok, good for this neighborhood" by his review, hence the 2 stars. I ordered the You've Got Mozzy, which was described as roasted tomato, argula and mozzarella on sourdough. It was the worst thing I have ever tasted. period. The bread was stale and had no sourdough flavor. The arugula was good, but hardly a meal, the mozzarella was flavorless, and the "roasted tomatoes" was a misnomer. I expected a tomato, roasted. Instead, the sandwich was covered with some sort of cold tomato sauce dripping with oil and filled with an overwhelming rosemary flavor - blech. Overall, the sandwich tasted like a badly flavored crouton at an all-you-can-eat salad bar. I was really, really hungry (it's difficult to find time to eat with an infant!) so I choked down about 1/2 the sandwich but couldn't eat anymore.  Sadly, not even the fries could compensate, and fill my hungry tummy. Mine came out lukewarm and burned. I might not have minded the "unusual" ketchup if the fries had been good, but when all I wanted was to cover the icky burnt flavor by drowning the fries in ketchup, it was a disappointment. We brought the horrible meal to our servers attention. She was polite about it but did not offer to bring out warm fries, another entree, or anything edible. Instead, she brought us the bill with a $10 coupon for a future visit. Maybe offering something edible today, while I'm already hungry and here would be more effective.  Thanks for the gesture, but I don't think I'll be back.
