I don't understand all the hype about this place. It was super crowded and when we finally got to our table it was dirty. The food is okay not a whole alot of taste to it. We ordered chilaquiles with eggs and they didn't even put onions or cilantro on top of it. The taste was bland and the plate didn't look appealing. Our three people group went for a working lunch and arrived when the lunch crowd had died out . So why is it that the manager asked us to give up our table since we were done eating and she had people waiting. She was extremely rude so I just said sure okay. Afterwards I looked around and there were empty tables and other customers were also engrossed in working lunches. I left like she had targeted us because we weren't dressed professionally and perhaps thought that we were just taking up a table. On our way out I strongly suggested to her that perhaps next time that she needed to ask someone to give up their table she could do it with better manners. And I also mentioned to her that I noticed that no one was in line waiting that actually there was no line. She ignored me and kept walking. At this point I was completely frustrated so I went to talk to the owner and suggested that if they needed to limited the seating time at lunch to please put a sign up on the wall so people would know ahead of time. He responded to me that there was no time limit for any meals and people could stay as long as they like. At this point the manager came back to tell the owner that she had not asked our party to leave. My party couldn't believe that she was lying in front of us. So at this point I simply paid for our meal and told the owner that his manager needed some serious customer service training. I don't think she would of treated us this way if she knew that in our group there was a police officer, a non-profit organization and a parent organizing a community service project for the community. Instead she saw three middle age Mexican women and thought we were just comadres.
