You may not believe it now, fellow plant eaters, but there was a time, lo these many years ago, when a vegetarian had only two choices for a meal - the Chicago Diner, and a grilled cheese sandwich somewhere else. I ate at the Diner many, many times, but with the greater variety of choices in the last several years, my food dollar went elsewhere. Monday's dinner at The Chicago Diner showed that little has changed over the intervening years. Oh sure, they serve alcohol now, and there is no bulletin board or pile of leftie printed publications in the entry, but the place looks just the same. We arrived at 6pm, when the place was only about half full. By the time we left around 7:30pm, there were people waiting on the sidewalk to get in. This is still a small restaurant. I believe there is an outdoor seating area, but that doesn't appeal much in December. I ordered a Portugese red wine and my friend had a pinot noir. Both were vegan and chemical free, each glass cost $7.00, and each was delicious. There was one other red wine we could have tried, a couple of whites, several beers, and a few mixed drinks. If we had gone through that list, I would be in no shape to write this review today. My friend ordered the Bi Bam Bop entree, featuring a lot of Asian-style vegetables and seitan. I tried the Chipotle firehouse wrap, and added a small cup of guacamole for $2.00. We both really enjoyed our entrees. Hardly one speck of food was left. These were filling enough that we did not want dessert. Service was professional and friendly. That's an improvement on the Olden Days, when the staff were nice vegans who didn't understand much about getting food and drinks out in a timely manner. Parking is mostly street. One thing I remembered, driving over there, is that the Diner used to have some free off-street parking places, and that turned out to still be true. Just north of the diner building, there are diagonal spaces where you can park after 6:00pm weekdays. I don't remember what the rules for the weekend are. You can call the restaurant to find out. All in all, a good experience. If I ever stop working on the weekends, maybe I'll visit again and see if the Fried Tofu Deluxe is still as good as it was 10 and 15 years ago.
