Mmmmm, Pequod's, you never seem to fail me. The best deep dish pizza in Chicago you'll find. A bold and ballsy statement to make, I know, but there is no other place I'd turn to (except maybe Burt's Place in Morton Grove) for true, fresh, and delicious Chicago deep dish pizza. I came here last night for a work outing with nine other people, and Pequod's was extremely accommodating and attentive to our party. Our drinks were never empty and they were quick to take our order and brought the food out promptly after the excruciatingly long wait of 45 minutes for the pizza to bake. The pizza: The pizza here is always consistent and I've never experienced any flukes with their pizza. What makes this pizza so much better than Lou's, Unos, or Giordanos is their caramelized crust. Sure, it sounds weird, but trust me, it's what seals the deal with this pizza. It'll turn any non-crust eater into a believer. They offer a range of different toppings and you can build your own creations. Last night we went with one sausage, one pepperoni, and one "supreme" that had mushrooms, peppers, onions, sausage, pepperoni, and black olives. The supreme pizza was annihilated in a matter of minutes, which I chalked up to be due to the extremely fresh and plentiful ingredients that they pile on. I feel that it's worth mentioning that their sausage here isn't the disgusting "sausage patty" that lines the pizza, much like what they do at other pizza places. It's real sausage that is in silver dollar sized pieces sprinkled over the pizza. The atmosphere: Kind of loud and typical of any pizza joint. They have two floors so the restaurant is a lot bigger than it appears from the street. The service: They were attentive and fast, as I previously mentioned, but they weren't all that friendly. If anything there is room for improvement here. If you haven't been to Pequods, it's definitely worth checking out to get a taste of their unique take on the crust. Also, it's rarely ever "packed" and you won't face a 1-3 hour wait like many of the other pizza places in town. Once you try this, I guarantee you won't be going back to Unos/Due/Lous anytime soon.
