Have you ever walked up to a restaurant, seen something right in the front that just makes you go "Oh my god, this is going to be amazing!"? Well, I did last night, and it was at Fogo de Chao. Dig around the photos for this place and you'll see a flame with four beef ribs spinning around it - a carnivore's vision of joy - and that is *right in the front of the restaurant*. To say I was enthusiastic at that sight would be an understatement. The interior is separated into a waiting area, a bar and then the main dining area. The restaurant is beautiful with lots of beige and orange colors throughout. The feel is very modern but with flair. The staff are dressed in uniforms inspired by the "Gaucho", a loose analogy to cowboys in the old west. This includes a festive scarf around their necks. The staff is attentive, friendly, knowledgeable and most of all patient as you ask them 100 questions about the food. The facilities are clean and beautifully presented. The salad bar is often the trap of a churrascaria. You want to taste some of the stuff there, but not fill up so much that you can't enjoy the main feature: the meat! I sampled some veggies including asparagus (some of the biggest I've ever seen, and crunchy), mushrooms sautee with white wine (wonderful flavor that hits the nose nicely) and huge beets that were meaty and tasty. The cheeses that were put out were deep and delicious, especially the parm. reg. right out of the wheel, yum! The meats were extraordinarily tender and tasty. It's always a bit sad when you go to a steak house and you have to drown the meat in sauce to get flavor. Not here. The lamb had a deep flavor without being overly gamy, the beef had a wonderful flavor to it and the lamb chops were to die for. I wasn't as crazy about the filet mignon, but I think that's because I got a well done piece instead of the medium rare I usually prefer (I had forgotten to specify and just said "yes!" when the guy swung by. The capper for the night were the *huge* beef ribs that are slow roasted for 4 hours. I was full at that point but there was no way I could pass this up. Fortunately one of my friends shared it with me. The meat was tender, juicy and it had just the right amount of saltiness. It was awesome. Be warned however, this place is not light on the wallet. Be prepared to spend at least $60 per head, but I promise it will be worth it!
