Oh Palmer House, you seductive temptress. Look at this location! Look at this building! I want to die every time I go into the lobby it is so beautiful.  Ahh, but this is how they suck you in! And how it just masks the greatly unfortunate experience from then on. Twice I had someone new at Registration. And both times, instead of finding out the correct information, they tell me something completely different and wrong and completely waste my time. (1st time was in trying to get approval for me to check in without husband present, whose name was on the reservation. 2nd time I asked about a mailbox, because my letter was too large to fit in the mail chute on my floor. But to be fair, when I went to someone who knew what they were doing about my check in issues, it was fixed immediately.) So check in is at 3, right? Exhausted, I get to the room, throw down the bags, and call room service for a pot of coffee. Room service is "closed" until four. But the helpful pre-recorded message assures me that the restaurant downstairs, Lockwood, would definitely be able to help me! I call Lockwood. The chick on the phone says "yep, come on down and get your coffee here". Oh, OK thanks, but I can just go to Starbucks for that? Why would you have any service unavailable at the same time you have people checking in?  And speaking of the room. I was "upgraded" because of the mix up at check in. My upgrade was to a small room that would have been beautifully decorated in 1990, complete with a large armoire that held a tube TV. My view was of a fire escape (and most likely the alley below but I was too high up to see that far down.) Quite a bit different than the rooms they promote on the website.  I decide to check out the fitness center. This is on a lower level, but when the elevator doors opened you would think you were in a completely different hotel. Beautiful, modern decor in chocolate, greens and peacock blue. The fitness center looks like a spa from the outside. There is a woman at a desk who asks you to sign in. Just as my pen hovered over the paper she adds "Oh and by the way there is a $10 charge per day to use the facilities". Wait...what? Are you serious? Gah! No thanks.  I just feel like my entire stay was non-stop irritation. Are hotels the new airlines where the idea of service is dead and you are nickel and dimed to death? I guess so, at least in the Palmer House. Such a very serious let down.
