Hopleaf is like that friend of yours that everybody loves. They're beautiful, charming, have great taste and sincerely want you to be happy. The only downside is that they're always too busy to hang out. It's like that here: the biggest problem is going to be getting a table. My lady friend and I went to Hopleaf on a Wednesday evening and despite my earlier description, had no issue getting a table on the restaurant side when we arrived at about 5:30. By 6:00pm, every table was full. With the brick walls and wood floor, noise level is high but not unbearable. Tables are close enough to hear details of your neighbors conversations. Intimate dinners here are ill-advised. However, if meeting casually with friends it's perfect. The menu is focused on hearty Belgian and German fare and if our sampling was indicative of the quality across the board, I'd say they have it down pat. Food was 5 stars. The Alpine sausages with German potato salad was perfect. Tender fingerling potatoes, onion, a touch of bacon and a great vinaigrette mixed with 3 different sausages. Each sausage was seasoned differently and delicious in their own way. The brandade was wonderful and light; almost delicate despite the strong nature of its individual components. It's accompanying frisee salad was fresh, green, and crisp. While I did not order any other salad, I did see a couple delivered and all the greens looked just as good. For the main course we ordered mussels for two in the Belgian style. This was a lot of mussels; it could easily have been shared for 3 or 4. They were steamed in a Belgian ale with shallot, celery, thyme, and bay; and served with some excellent bread -- rare in the city, in my opinion -- and frites with aioli. The mussels themselves were of excellent quality. I did not find one closed mussel nor did I come across any grit whatsoever. All of them were plump and flavorful. The broth was well balanced and the vegetables included were still steam-crisp and tasty. The frites were plentiful and crisp, but salty -- and frites are something I like salty. Still, here, a little too much. You'll be thirsty later. While I have not mentioned the beer list, it is both broad and deep, with an emphasis on (of course) Belgian and Belgian-style beers. When in Rome, do as the Romans. I would recommend the Leffe Brune as a good all-around selection. It looks darker than it drinks and paired well with everything ordered. We didn't ask for a dessert menu as we were too full. Portions were large, even for appetizers -- they should probably be shared. Prices were good as well. I would recommend this place to those who have the time to enjoy a leisurely meal or to those who are craft beer enthusiasts. Good food, good beer and good friendships are the theme here. Enjoy!
