We were sixteen and both in town for a youth conference. We were pretending to be delegates from the United Nations and we had a mock General Assembly with all the ad hoc committees and panels to boot. I was representing the US in the OAS (Organization of American States), and she was Argentina. We shared glances across the room, and as she spoke from the dais, I drooled. Now, I was an early bloomer they would say, and it was proven by my winning the coveted Congeniality Award upon our return from solving the world's problems (later this award would be renamed "The Corey Hart Award"). Wink wink. Argentina and I had a quick love affair, skipping out of our small conference room to co-author resolutions on Cuba-US treaties and make out. It was in a cold Palmer House stairwell that I made it to second base, and it was in the not so private double room where we sealed the deal. Well, we almost sealed the deal. We were sadly interrupted by the pounding on the big and heavy Palmer House hotel room doors by the chaperone of my group. He was tipped off to the evil goings on inside the room by my roomie sulking outside in the hall. That rat! Well, needless to say, I've had a long long love for this hotel. It's been recently renovated, and through its renovation, never shut down! This they've done before, making it the longest continuously operating hotel in America. The hotel reclaims its older charms with this latest renovation, and the room upgrades were a welcome touch. A walk down the halls and you can see pictures of what the hotel looked like in the past, as well as catch glimpses of what kind of wild parties were going on back in the day. In the ballrooms, in the bars, and in the large large suites. The staff, service, and accompaniments are like any you'd find in a top notch Hilton property, and the location is great. Love blues? Then stay nowhere else, for here you're blocks away from Buddy Guy's Legends, a must visit. You're also close to the Chicago Theater, the landmark Marshall Field's (I refuse to refer to it as Macy's), and head toward the lake for access to parks, museums, and the South Loop's only Panda Express. Visiting in winter for Christmas? Walk West to find the christkindlmarket on Washington between Clark and Dearborn. There you'll find large, bright trees, a beer garden, and dozens of stalls peddling all sorts of Austrian, German, and Bavarian goods, gifts, and foods. I bring everyone I show around Chicago to the Palmer House, and it never disappoints. There's always oooohing, ahhhing, and wows. The majesty of the reception/foyer/seating/lobby area is well... simply timeless and breathless. This is an American icon without a doubt. Tip: steal your girl/guy away into a stairwell for me. And tip the concierge already!
