Wow.  I bought a groupon for Bonsoiree a looooonng time ago. When I tried to use it, there were no reservations available. Naturally, I forgot I had the groupon, ohhhh until about a week ago. LOL. We made a reservation for a Wed night, got our extra $10 off our meal, and went into dinner well prepared with two bottles of wine. So, let's just get right in there.... 1. Rabbit and gnocchi. Is it wrong if I say that the rabbit tasted like chicken? Hahaha. It did though...seriously. The gnocchi was delicious. It was like I was eating a cloud, and I could've had about a million more. 2. Porcini mushroom soup, bread and butter, asparagus and daikon salad slaw. Um. AWESOME. I mean, really really awesome. The soup was ridiculous. The asparagus and daikon salad was clean, fresh and sooooo good. I was kind of meh with the "butter." I think it was just a lot of butter in my mouth at once, but the hubs liked it. 3. Oil poached baby octopus/ lobster takoyoki. I liked this course just fine, the hubs thought this was his least favorite. It was all tasty, in that it had different flavors than I usually eat, but I think there were other courses that were far more delicious. 4. Scallop crab motoyaki. This was maybe my favorite thing. The scallop and crab was a little bit spicy and a lot bit perfection. 5. Barramundi with date and parsnip chutney over blood orange polenta. I think this course came in at a close 2nd. The barramundi was cooked PERFECTLY. 6. Oxtail and marrow sauce and venison. I LOVED the oxtail did not like venison. I think venison is a little too chewy for my taste, I tried to pass it off to the Hubs, but he declined. Ha...I guess it was too chewy for him too. 7. Cheesecake bite. Yeah, this was awesome. 8. Caramelized brioche with "pb&j" with a macaroon. I loved this and thought it was the perfect end to a great meal. The hubs said that he thought the "jelly" was a little too peppery for his taste, but loved the other components on the plate. Overall, this was a fantastic meal. The service was fantastic, they were great at explaining everything we were eating, giving suggestions on how to eat the different components on the plate, and keeping our wine glasses full.
