If you are a beer drinker, this is the place to go! I counted over 100 beers on the beer list the first time we went... Yes, I was a bit intoxicated and my friends were carrying on a conversation that I was not interested in, but that's not the point. If you drink beer this is the place to go try some you've never heard of and it has a staff knowledgeable enough to walk you through it. Plus you can get flights and 2oz pours of some of the beers! I am NOT a beer drinker however. I never touch the stuff. I'm not a drinking snob. I taste every beer that my boyfriend or friends get. I just haven't found one that won't make me make a funny face and furiously shake my head no. I did however experiment a little bit this time. MEAD! Who knew I'd like mead? Once the waitress explained what it was, I decided to give the blueberry one a try and it was delicious. Light fruit flavor, not too sweet, chilled and perfect to go with dinner. On to the food... We started with the fried cheese curds. Who doesn't love fried chunks of cheese with homemade ranch dipping sauce? We really should have each had our own order because we both looked so sad when the bowl was empty.  I had the Red Dragon Burger. It had a pepper jack cheese, some brisket hash, a sunny side up egg and some red pepper sauce. YUM! It had just the right spiciness and I am a huge fan of the runny egg. That egg yoke blended with the red pepper sauce and soaked right into the brisket hash to create heaven on a burger. My boyfriend had the Young Tail Burger even though he was skeptical about having goat cheese on a burger. We actually split our burgers so I had half of each. The Young Tail was braised ox tail and goat cheese on the burger. That tangy goat cheese and the ox tail that just melted in your mouth were so good. I loved it. We didn't try any of the "topping" for the fries. Why pay extra when they have homemade ketchup. My boyfriend does not eat ketchup yet I saw him squirting a ton of it onto his fries. It's tangy and not as sweet as a commercial ketchup. It's so good that I sometimes want to stick the whole bottle in my purse and take it home.
