I've been to The Gage three times and each time it has been pretty fantastic. The food has been consistently awesome. The poutine fries are one of the best things I have ever eaten - love the addition of the wild boar and the cheese is super gooey and awesome. On this last visit, I had one of the specials, which was a BLT made with some special, apparently non-US bacon. It was kind of a bizarre bacon - kind of gamey as one of my dining companions said after I decided he needed to try it - but good nonetheless. We tried two of the desserts and both were really quite outstanding, even though I wanted to mix the two plates together because everything seems like it would have matched well. Great ice cream on the cream cheese mousse and great everything on the peaches.  Portions vary in size. Some of the sandwiches are quite enormous and the mussels appetizer looks rather daunting as it comes out in a huge bowl, though it is mostly the shells. It's all appropriate for the price point, in my opinion. The beverage menu is not enormous but there is a fair number of beers and mixed drinks to choose from. Something for everyone. And Fentiman's ginger beer - love that stuff so it's nice to see it in a restaurant!  The service has always been excellent - the most recent visit, we had a very awesome server that fit our table so well and who did a great job of playing to the crowd. We were a bit crazy so he did a nice job of giving it back, which I always like - personality is important. Plus, he did a great job of giving drink recs and also giving us the rundown on the specials. If I knew his name, I'd share it because he is on top of my list of fantastic serving folk. The food came out rather quickly for a lunchtime where we saw the place fill up fast. We also got out drinks in a timely fashion and plenty of water refills, which was nice. So, yes, this location is in a pretty touristy area, because the park and museum are right across the street, but it doesn't feel touristy to me. It's loud but not obnoxiously so, and the interior is very inviting. It's the kind of place, as we decided during lunch today, that you *want* to find as you're wandering in an unfamiliar city, that could be the food high point of your trip. That is a good thing in my book.  Well worth a visit!
