El Bueno: sleek, dimly-lit interior conducive to scoring on a first date. some good specialty rolls. byo policy. El Malo: very long waits without a reservation. more than a few boring specialty rolls. El Feo: service suffers from West Town Apathy. The best possible way to experience this place would be as a date, with a reservation, a bottle of chilled white wine, while limiting your order to the tried-and-true specialty rolls.  We had reservations, so no problem there. Three of our four were seated at the table when our server arrived. He began telling us about their special of the night, after which we asked that he come back and repeat it when our fourth was seated. He then picked up our wine and began to open it. My party was split on whether or not this was a faux pax. The two who had previously been servers said that it was, but neither I nor my friend thought it was too big of a deal.  But, when our sever dumped our edamame waste into our bowl of unfinished edamame without asking, we all were kind of shocked. He said nothing, then asked if we were done with our tuna tartare of which nothing remained. He seemed stoned, and proved to be a jackass. There were other slip-ups as well, highlighted by his cleanup. There was some spilled soy sauce-wasabi which he managed to wipe fromt he middle of the table onto my pants. He didn't notice until he overheard me complaining to my friend, to which he responded with typical West Town Apathy. Anyway, on to the food... We had the tuna tartare, which was bland and boring.  For specialty rolls we had: White Dragon- always good here and by far the highlight of our meal 9/10. Volcano- probably a 7/10. Ceviche- overpowered by cilantro and plain bad (where was the jalepeno and mango?!) 3/10 Sunrise- OK, the mint came through, but otherwise a boring 5/10. For sashimi we had Toro, Hamachi, Sake and Maguro, in order of taste and texture. The first three were quite good, but the Maguro was lacking. It's possible that we got slices from a less-than-ideal section of the cut. Not rushing back here. ps. Why are there like 8 American Apparel kids working behind the front counter?
