Visited Sun Wah on Saturday for dinner. This place has been in my bookmarks for quite a while and I am trying to work my way through my list. I have done two in the last two weeks! Progress is being made. This place was bustling at about 6:30 with many people waiting for take out at the entryway counter. You can see the ducks and pigs hanging in this area and being portioned out for orders. We had to wait a short while for the table so we passed the time watching the cooks "hacking and packing" pork and duck for the take away customers. We started out with a small order of roast pork. Very good. Tender pork pieces with the crunchy skin attached. Very nice. I love stuff like this. I have been to China many, many times for business in the past and this type of restaurant and cuisine brought back memories of some pleasurable dining. The Chinese know their way around duck and pork roasting for sure. My wife and I shared the Beijing duck dinner for our main course. It has the duck carved table side, and comes with some steamed buns, spring onion and carrot shreds, sauce, etc. You take a bun, put in some of the duck meat, crisp duck skin, spring onion/carrot shreds and some of the dark sauce and........enjoy! The duck was so moist and full of flavor. This was a tasty duck for sure. This dinner also comes with fried rice and soup both made from the remnants of the ducks after carving. There is a lot of food there and we wound up having to take some of it home with us, which is OK by me because it makes for some tasty treats the next day. One other note: We had some Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce which was cooked just right. They also serve Tiger beer. An Asian favorite. Try it if you have never had it before Atmosphere is not much, but it is really exactly as it should be for a Chinese BarBQue spot if you know what I mean. Service was good and efficient. Four and a half stars in my rating book. We both really enjoyed this place. It was quite a hike for us to go there but I know I will definitely go back. Cheers to All
