***Had to come back and comment. I just called the hotel and simply asked that they refund just one night of the three due to no water. They graciously complied. So it's all good. However, I just read a lot of people's complaints and most of them repeat the same thing, about having no water. So it's not an isolated incident. Obviously the W wouldn't have a hotel with no water or un-reliable water supply, so it must be something connected with the loop area of Chicago where the water simply gets shut off periodically.. I bet if they'd known that they would not have even opened up a hotel there in the first place. Imagine, a hotel where you can never rely on having water!I just had an out of town guest who is our business partner stay here for 3 nights because it's close to our offices. We were searching for a new hotel to bring all of our business guests to, and that's about 5 guests a month, plus or minus a few and also our satellite employees who visit once a month.First morning, our business partner gets up and there is NO WATER AT ALL. There was no water until almost noon. And then it was cold water. He had to keep calling over and over. When I came to pick him up, they said a boiler had broken (no emergency back up apparantly) and by the time they fixed it etc. The woman said "keep running the water and it will get warm". It didn't. No shower. At minimum they should have jumped and said "oh my God, let us move you to a different room immediately, we'll get your things". Instead they kept discussing the issue instead of alerting the guest since they knew about it, handling it with a room move, and refunding the night. Just the one night, more than that would have been unfair.This morning, before he checked out, the best they could do was luke-warm water. They did send beautiful chocolate covered strawberries and a bottle of middle of the road champagne and gave me 8000 starwoods points, odd since I don't have a Starwood account. But frankly, they should have refunded that one night. You go to a hotel with the expectation that you will be able to shower and clean up after your travels. I am recommending to our company to strike them off the list for the way this issue was handled. It should have been a no-brainer "we are refunding the one night" but I guess strawberries and a 5 dollar bottle of champagne are easier.
