Despite the fact that everything we ate was not the best we'd ever had, the atmosphere, friendly wait staff and quickness of our orders and refills left us feeling so good that we had a good impression. I debated giving 4 stars, but memories of certain food items just left me feeling 3 stars was more adequate. I am not Greek, but I grew up with top notch Greek food, so maybe I am a little spoiled. The Greek Islands IS good, and some of the food (saganaki!) is presented in such a way to leave you feeling good about this place. Our appetizer was amazing. We had tirokafteri, a feta and pepper dish that I definitely recommend to those who like a little spice in their dishes. My main dish was not creative, and that might be why I suffered a little. I had a combo meal of gyro (which was NOT served with pita - something I found really confusing and... dare I say.. slightly cheap) and spinach pie. I couldn't even finish the spinach pie. It just wasn't good. The gyro meat and tzatziki was good, but that's everywhere, especially in Greektown. The other party had braised lamb that was delicious. For dessert he had a terrific baklava and what he 's described as "the best ice cream I've found in Chicago so far." (We're somewhat new to town, andI am sure we are missing out on ice creams, so take this at face value! ) I can't fairly comment on my dessert, the creme caramel, as they tried to talk me out of it, claiming it was still "hot" (it wasn't, but something was definitely wrong with it), but since most everything has nuts in it, my choices felt limited, so I stuck with it. One thing that did impress me was that they have a vineyard in Greece that they get a lot of their wines from. We had a Greek red from this vineyard, and it was flavorful and appealing, great with meat and cheese, just as described. Maybe the wine is what left us with such a good feeling when we left the restaurant. In conclusion, I give the service a big thumbs up (especially the guy that fills water glasses that appeared out of nowhere and made sure my glass was never even half empty!), the wine (both quality and selection) and the appetizers (I heard other tables commenting on the taste of their appetizers). The atmosphere is fun and family friendly as well. Like someone else said, not the best place for quiet conversation or a romantic date, but it's great for those that like activity. I must also add that it's extremely convenient to the Blue Line, like many of the restaurants in Greektown, and that is a BIG plus for me.
