Oh, my my... During my recent trip to Chicago, my dear friend suggested this place. After the usual extensive research on Yelp, I couldn't wait to get my pork-on at The Publican.  Located in the trendy Fulton Market Meatpacking District, the exterior is quaint with some smaller tables on the patio. Once you walk in, there's a soft glow coming from the sphered lanterns that hang from the ceiling. The dining area consists of L shaped communal tables. Along the outer perimeters of the dining room are smaller booths. I prefered the communal seating; lots of fun rubbing elbows with strangers! On to the food. Oh, the heavenly food. My gang and I started with the beets with roasted pine nuts, balsamic vinaigrette, burratta cheese and shredded mint leaves. My friend loves beets and though I do, I wasn't too jazzed about this dish until I actually tasted it. OMG. So much for preconceived notions because this dish was divine. Next was the spinach with poached eggs. It was decent. I found it to be a bit under-seasoned. Next was the pork belly. Another stellar dish. The portion of the pork belly was about 10 inches long and glazed with a hint of honey and served with rhubarb over grits. This dish alone was worth the visit. Next was the flank steak. The one word I could muster up was MEH. Under-seasoned and the panzanella was too citrus-y. After one bite of the steak, I went back to the pork belly. I'll be damned if my last bite was going to be a sad bite. Even though The Publican has several specialty beers to choose from, I decided since the meal was going to be heavy, that we should have champagne instead. Wise choice. The Taso Brut was a perfect compliment. Aside from the bland steak and spinach dishes, one other con would be the service. Our waiter was very attentive when we actually saw him which happened to be in 20 minute spurts. We didn't want to wait 15 minutes to order another bottle of bubbly. All in all, I would highly recommend The Publican. The atmosphere is rowdy chic and food carefully thought-out and presented nicely.
