First time experience=Great! Came with a group of 4. Glad we made reservations cuz the front room was packed! Small restaurant, long and narrow. Warm, casual ambiance, frendly service. water glass always full=D We sat in the back room, less crowded and cozy. Started out the meal with warm crusted dough bread. dipped in fresh grated parmasen and olive oil...i had to stop myself before i got full on just bread. Wine: 2007 Red Zinfindel Terra De' Oro (CA)-one of my dinner companions order a glass and it was a big hit! delicious with the red sauce. full body, rich, wonderful flavor. Appetizers: Fried Calamari-Delicious! light on the batter, good sauce. Crostini di Avocado-our table favorite!! Amazing pairing of avocado, basil pesto, parmesan cheese and chopped tomatoe..wow. big portion, great for sharing. Entrees: Pumpkin butternut squash ravioli-OMG. to die for. 4 1/2 stars for this dish alone. not usually huge ravioli or butternut squash, but Chef Anthony -this is the bomb. Perfectly roasted squash, hint of sweetness. The ravioli is more like a big dumpling rather than the traditional square ravioli. quite filling. We shared this dish amongst the four of us...hit the spot. Recommend to start out with this dish. Meat lasagna-very tasty; fresh-tasting layers of pasta, tasty ground sausage, good marinara sauce. large portion. Linguine and clams in a White wine sauce. I asked to add scallops to the dish. seafood all very fresh. solid dish, but not the best I've had. Dessert: panna cotta-chocolate Hazelnut. Thick creamy, geletin consistency. I prefer vanilla panna cotta- light and fluffy. only downside was Tight quarters-I found myself sitting quite close to the neighboring tables. Reasonable prices for italian food. Will come back to try their Family style Monday night Special (4 course meal for $20) and Tuesday Italian Tapas Night!  Added bonus-we brought our 1 month old to dinner with us and they were very accomodating (thankfully, he slept the whole time in the car seat). Did you know that if you flip one of those wooden highchairs over, it can be converted to a car seat stand? haha.
