Ironically the last time that I went to Carnivale was 3 years ago for St. Patrick's day. I went with a large group and was more concerned about drinking that I did not focus too much on the food, and honestly can't recall what I ate, but just the many vodka on the rocks that I had. The one thing that did make a very strong impression on me was the ambiance of the place. This coming year my students want to have either their Senior Luncheon or Prom there so I had to go ahead and check it out, and thus I decided to make a meal out of it. I didn't realize it, but you can actually eat outside during the summertime. I would loved to have sat out there, but I obviously had to sit inside so I get a better gage on the place for potentially 650 people. The inside is so colorful and lively though -- I love it. As my friend even said, "This would be a great place to come during the winter; it would really cheer you up!"  We started off with drinks, and my friend got the ginger mojito that came highly recommended. I didn't even realize there was such a thing as ginger liquer. I do not like mojitos, but I did try a bit of his and I will admit it was quite tasty. I am a HUGE lover of the cheese so I had to get a cheese plate. I initially was going to get the 5 cheeses for the two of us, but I'm so glad I didn't because they do NOT skimp. I basically told our waiter (who was a really cordial guy and was very good at giving suggestions) to just choose whichever 3 he thought were "best" because I'd eat anything. We got Pleasant Ridge Reserve which was VERY much like a cheddar, and then another one that was like a blue cheese that tasted absolutely divine with the raspberry jelly that came with the plate, and another cheese that tasted like a parmesan (as my friend described it) and had some herbs on the rine that were delicious. I was in love! In the midst of attempting to decide what we wanted the waiter made some remark about how there was this special at one time that was a salmon tar tar, and how he actually saw it on another customer's plate, so the chef might be willing to make it for us even though it was not on tonight's menu. I was like: if he'll make it, I'll eat it. So the waiter said he'd see what he could do. Surely enough the chef was willing to make it, which as the waiter said, is generally extremely odd, most chefs won't go out of their way to do that. It was absolutely delicious. If you don't like raw fish (as my friend is not the largest fan of it) you couldn't even really tell with this. It was in like a custard-y (sorry, do NOT know how else to describe it) gel that was the color of the salmon that tasted a bit like mayo and something else. Then it was covered with radishes and aoli (sp?) on the side. Absolutely fantastic. My friend got a salmon dish that was recommended by our waiter for his entree. I'm not a meat eater but the Churrasco also came HIGHLY recommended, and the table next to us exclaimed how absolutely delicious it was. I wanted to do smaller plates rather than get an entree because I was full from my cheese, and I couldn't even finish what I got. I got the soup of the day which was this mushroom puree -- I have NEVER tried a soup so delicious. I could eat bowls and bowls of that. If you like mushrooms, you would LOVE this. It was a bit grainy and then there was something white they stuck in there which I felt like was like a mozzarella cheese, but I'm not sure -- it was just REALLY good. Then I also go a taste dish of the ceviche. I felt bad, they were delicious and I tried everyone, but I could NOT finish that because I was already so ridiculously full and was loving my soup so much. Again in regards to the ceviche I just told the waiter to bring me the three best. I'm pretty sure I had the Kampachio (sp?), but I can't be for certain what the other two were. This is the problem with telling them to bring you whatever, you don't always know for sure what you are eating. The table next to us got their side mac n' cheese dish which looked absolutely fantastic, and I know when I went with my cousins they raved about the empanadas. I would have KILLED to have been able to have dessert, but I couldn't even finish my dinner. I'll be anxious to see how this goes over with the high schoolers as they aren't too used to eating much beyond pizza and Big Macs, but I would totally recommend this place to anyone, it is just fabulous in every way. The food is as pretty as the restaurant!
