OK. If you know anything about me, you will know: 1- I love me some Pig 2-I love me some Vino 3- I love me some cheese 4- Go to number one. So when my friends said they were going to take me to a place with the name of Pig in it I was a bit excited. When I saw the sign out front that said, Cheese, Swine, Wine I was absolutely Ecstatic! All my favorite food groups in one place. And I was not disappointed. This place is now on my favorite on Earth list.  If you have a bucket list that involves anything around Chicago, go here! Now it is small, and is crowded, and a tad noisy. But it's a great place in a great city, Duh! I don't want to eat pig's ear in an empty place sitting quietly. Hell NO Well it was a sunny nice day, and there is a patio, but it was packed. As was the inside. Luckily one of my companions eyed four stools in front of the small hot line/kitchen. We would be able to watch the magic unfold. I would highly recommend these seats. It was great to see the food ballet in this tiny space, with limited cooking area unfold in front of us.  We started talking to the chef running the line, Brian, who made us some of my now favorite dishes. I could of ordered everything there. It all looks that good.  Now to our food He started us with Fried Pig's Ear with crispy kale, pickled cherry peppers and topped with a fried egg. OUTSTANDING! The flavors were absolutely phenomenal.  Next for a 'healthy' option did an asparagus and hazelnut salad with arugula and Treviso, which is similar to radicchio. Again, just simple, yet stellar. Had to try the Prosciutto Bread Balls which were fried and had a little bed of red sauce. And they went fast. The perfect finger food. We also tried the Eggplant Caponata with goat cheese on grilled crostini. Again a home run. The flavors were amazing.  And the hits just kept coming..... In addition to the fantastic Italian Wines we had. The wine list is European and Epic. Guaranteed to find something you like, and something you love.  Then had the razor clams with Oregano, Lemon and olive oil. They were good as well. I'm not the hugest clam fan, but they were more than acceptable with all the other deliciousness we were having. Also had the Jamon Serrano with oyster mushrooms and fried duck egg over grilled bread. Kind of like an open faced sandwich of awesomeness.  And we got to try a traditional Saltimbocca. Done absolutely perfect. I mean a perfect dish. Did I saw how great it was? Well I'm rambling now. Just go here. And go again. And eat. And drink.
