I was told to go here on a recommendation from one of my wife's coworkers who stated "Its the best thin crust pizza in Chicago". I will simply state this: "It is not the best thin crust pizza in Chicago". I understand that pizza, like all foods, is subjective. But there is no question in my mind that this place is not on par with a lot of other establishments. The service was good, other than a small lack of water and drink refills which was hardly anything to complain about and the old-school Chicago "I"talian (eye-talain) restaurant decor was fun, warm and inviting. However, the pizza was really nothing very special at all. I would say that the highlight of the meal was actually the roasted garlic and olive oil spread that was put on the table with warm bread when we arrived. We had a Shrimp DeJonghe appetizer, because I always get that in an old Chicago restaurant to see their interpretation of the Chicago-invented classic. It was good, nothing spectacular... if anything it was a bit greasy (even for Shrimp DeJonghe, which is usually a bit on the slippery side). We ordered two medium thin crusts (pepperoni and garlic on one and sausage, onion, mushroom, green pepper on the other). The toppings were good and there was a lot of cheese which is always a nice thing... but the crust is what turned us off. Very dry crust! Almost like a mix between a thick somewhat hard Saltine cracker and an unsweetened pie crust. For your mouth to go dry when eating a piece of pizza loaded with cheese and 4 ingredients means something is terribly wrong with the crust. The leftovers were a little bit better... after the toppings had a chance to soak the crust and make it more pliable. So I guess... I could go there again and pick up pizza, bring it home and refrigerate it over night and then reheat it the next day and it would be a bit better. I think I'll just stick to going to other places for pizza. I don't know about the rest of the Italian food on the menu because I didn't try any of it... so, don't take my word on their pasta dishes or anything like that. Did I hate the place? No... not at all. Would I go back? No... not for a $50+ lunch that didn't impress. Would I recommend it? Not at all. There are plenty of places to get good thin crust pizza in this deep dish town and this is not one of them.
