I have trouble giving just 1 star. Especially to a restaurant I know COULD be good. I've been here twice. Once for dinner, when my experience was pretty good. I enjoyed the food and the service was alright... The second time was for brunch. The experience was enough for me to never go back, unless dragged, kicking and screaming. After surveying my coworkers, friends, and foodie acquaintances alike, we've decided that Mercat can't do large parties. You'd think they could, being a tapas place whose menu is designed for sharing... On to the brunch. We were a group of ten. We all did the $25 pick five tapas and each of us chose a beverage (bottomless Bloody Mary bar, the only awesome thing about my experience!) as one of our dishes. The idea with this is that each person orders his own dishes, which of course we were anticipating sharing, but which we expected to be delivered to each person individually. Not the case. The server (I wish I remembered his name...Bob? I'll call him Bob, although it could have been Matt or Mark or I dunno...) told us that he would "just bring everything out family style..." Um, ok, Bob, sure, just do whatever you want huh? So my boyfriend and I (sitting at the end of the table) were the only ones who had ordered the brandade. They delivered one to each end of the table, and no one at the other end even knew what it was to let us know that it was down there. When we finally discovered it hiding at the other end, it was all good because the brandade tasted like crap anyway. Possible the worst, most tasteless brandade I've ever had. So this was the case with all dishes, causing us to yell out to the food runners when they brought the dishes over, "OH! I have the pork belly,over here!" We tried almost everything... Loved the benedict, it was actually delicious! The bacon wrapped dates, as in my first experience, and as promised by everyone and their mother, were AWESOME! Everything else... especially the shortrib and the hash... boring. Uninspired. I could make much better at home. At one point our server, "Bob" got into an argument with the chefs in the open kitchen. I noticed. Most diners wouldn't but I work in a restaurant so I did. You have to be careful about these things with an open kitchen.  Other notes about "Bob" include: -HUGE rip in his pants! Just below his butt on the inside of his thigh, I mean 3-4"! I don't want to stare at my server's hairy inner thigh while eating, thank you! -When the hash came out for one of our guests, my boyfriend, who cooks professionally, asked if the egg was supposed to be poached, or fried, or hard or what (it was sitting on top, poached, but over. A hard rubbery mass). "Bob" replies, "Uh, I dunno, you wanna new one?" The replacement the egg was fried. Uh? -Didn't ask us if we wanted any coffees or anything, left us sitting for 20 minutes with no food or anything. I got up and asked the chefs, assuming they would love a reason to make "Bob" feel bad. -When the girls at the other end asked what was available on the dessert buffet, he responded, "there's some rolls and fruit, I'm not sure exactly what they've got today...you can go look?" -Informed us that normally he brings the vodka for the bottomless bloody marys, but we should probably just head to the bar, it's easier. All in all, the restaurant seemed unprepared for our 10 top, food was disorganized, and left us waiting at awkward moments, some with food in front of them, some not, the carving and cheese station was a mess, the manager/host seemed to not give a flying eff about what was happening on the floor (she never came near our table, of course), the food seemed like it sat warming for extended periods of time, the service was god awful (definitely "Bob's" fault). The only employee who seemed like he cared about his job was the bartender. Thank Jeebus for AUTOGRAT, huh "Bob"??? With a smaller group, Mercat A La Planxa is a good value, with a few really tasty treats. Is it worth the risk of a TERRIBLE experience? I don't think so... Head to Emilio's or Cafe Ba Ba Reba, which are more consistent, delicious, and less pricey!
