This review is the first in a series of upcoming reviews I've been meaning to write for awhile. What can I say? I'm a little backlogged. I've been here several times now and eaten twice. Great beer selection. Everyone knows that. I'm partial to pretty much any Trappist ale on the menu. Very limiting, I know. Expensive, too. But when you taste it, you know where your money went. I've never had anything to drink other than beer each time I've gone here, and doubt I ever will. With the selection they have, why bother? A waitress who served us was especially helpful to one of my dining companions. He had just recovered from a very serious dietary tract ailment that required surgery and chemotherapy and was just given the all-clear to begin resuming a somewhat normal diet that could again include meat (but nothing red) and beer (but nothing dark). Given it was his first time here and the insane selection, he needed some assistance in making a choice to keep with his doctor's orders. The waitress was stellar and knew EVERYTHING on the menu that he asked about. He wound up having like 3 or 4 different beers off the menu with her help. Thank you, kind and knowledgeable waitress, for helping my friend have a great and healthy welcome-back-to-food meal! First time I ate here, I had the venison meatloaf. Nicely seared and crusty on the outside, hot, moist and medium on the inside. Quintessential hearty cold-weather Midwestern comfort food. The last meal I had here started with mussels. They gave us a monster plate of 'em and a big damn bucket to discard the shells into. You like fresh seafood? You like shellfish? You like butter? Good, you'll like their mussels. You've never had seafood for some reason? Maybe you're turned off by the consistency? No? Well, if your dining companions order some, try one. C'mon, just one. It won't hurt. In fact, it'll help. My main course was leg of rabbit in a stew. This was the first time I had ever had rabbit. It's not bad, but I wasn't really a fan of the stew so much. It was creamy and full of vegetables, but a tad on the bland, if not gamey side. The rabbit meat was nice and lean and not bad, but I wasn't impressed enough to order it again. Still, it was nice to try something that I've not had before and will gladly give kudos to Hopleaf for carrying this. Yes, this place can get ridiculously crowded. Luckily, both times I've eaten here, it wasn't. One was a weekday afternoon, the other, a weekend early evening. It's a little more expensive than I care to spend more than every great once in awhile, but I do need to eat here more often. The food's too good not to, as is the beer.
