The girlfriend and I met a couple of our friends for dinner Sunday night. Parking was reasonable - it at first looked like we would have to circle the block but as we pulled up 2 cars were pulling out. I guess that's a testament to the turnover Tank and other restaurants in the area are able to pull off. When the four of us first walked up to the door it looked like a huge crowd was waiting but really it was just one large table in front of us and we were seated within 15 minutes of putting our names down. We were at a 6-seat table, and after reading the reviews, I was wondering if a party of 2 would be seated with us. Thankfully it was just the 4 of us. We decided to start with the 16 and 18. The 16 was ok, but the 18 was awesome. it was kind of a build your own spring roll with beef and shrimp, along with noodles, rice paper, and plenty of herbs and lettuce to customize how you wanted it. Our server was incredibly friendly, but a tad slow coming back to take our order for our main dishes. No big deal - we didn't feel rushed at all. I had the 190 - spicy chicken lemon grass. It was delicious with many levels of flavor. My girlfriend ordered a soup, but she didn't like it due to the pronounced level of cilantro. That is one thing I must say - if you are one of the unfortunate people who are adverse to the taste of cilantro, you may not like this place. Although, to be fair, after my girlfriend sent back the soup, our server apologized and said if she would have let him know, they would be happy to prepare anything sans cilantro. But she decided she was full enough from the appetizer and did not order anything else. Back to my dish - as great as it was I was disappointed that it wasn't as spicy as I hoped. But thankfully, there was a variety of hot sauces at the table so I was able to add my own level of heat and I was quite satisfied. All-in-all, my experience was incredible and I would love to go back here and try something new. This was my first experience with Vietnamese food and I want more. We did not experience any bad service as some previous reviews have suggested, although we were there on a Sunday night. I would give this place 5 stars but the atmosphere does in fact feel like a cafeteria and had my girlfriend and her friend wanting to sanitize their hands. I was not put off at all by the surroundings and was quite pleased with the food. I highly recommend Tank Noodle.
