little italy was on the list of places i hadn't ventured to yet in my 4+ years of chicago (for shame!) so i was delighted when davanti enoteca was chosen as the next location for me & my girlfriend's monthly dinner club. i was a little nervous about our large group of 8 since the restaurant doesn't take reservations, so i showed up a little early to put our name in in case there was a wait. there wasn't a wait (whew) and the hostess was nice enough to hold our table until almost the entire party arrived. our waiter took us through the menu - almost everything is meant to be shared (perfect for large groups!) we ended up ordering: - focaccia di recco - ricotta and honeycomb - roasted cherry tomato + burrata + basil pesto insalate (complements of the chef, thankyouverymuch) - pork belly + peach mostrada - risotta carbonara - sausage pizza - prosciutto pizza the focaccia di recco was like CRACK. we ordered two for the table and i'm glad that we did. i know this seems impossible... but it's like a very classy crab rangoon. the bread is so thin and crispy, it's almost like a wonton, and a cream cheese like substance is baked into it. order it, you won't regret it! the ricotta & honeycomb was also very good - in fact i wish we had more. the combination of the cheese with the fresh honey was really tasty. the pork belly scared a few of the girls, but most seemed to like it. i thought the peach sauce was the perfect complement to the crispy pork pieces. i wasn't wowed by the roasted cherry tomato + burrata - it's basically a deconstructed caprese salad. sorry to say, but easily something you can make at home. the pizzas were pretty good too, but nothing truly out of this world. meal came to $30/person -- not bad for all of that and three bottles of wine! not gonna lie, the $7 "in-house" corkage fee did erk me a little, especially since many of the bottles were under $20... but, i'll take it since most of the bottles on their house list are on the cheap end. all in all, i would definitely recommend this place, and i'll be back! the atmosphere is really romantic too, if that's what you're looking for. lots of dim lighting. look for daily specials too!
