I had high expectations for texas de brazil because of all the previous reviews, but unfortunately, i was very disappointed. The food had nothing to do with it- it really was so tasty and the variety was amazing. The service was what I had a problem with. I called in to make reservations for 9 ppl for my younger brother's 21st birthday for a Sunday. One of my cousins brought in a pie. small one, probably not enough for everyone there. She just wanted to put a candle in it so we could sing happy birthday. The hostess informs us that there is a cake cutting fee and that it would be like 4 bucks. She seats us but then comes back to say that the cake cutting fee is 3bucks a person, whether we cut it or have them cut it for us. We asked if there is a way a manager would be able to waive the fee. NOPE. After dinner we ended up going to my aunt's house to cut the pie there. I have worked in the restaurant business before and we have waived cake cutting fees before and I know it's not a big deal, but I was very much disappointed that Texas de Brazil did not. On top of that, the server said she could give the bday boy a complementary dessert. We thought we would be able to choose from the dessert menu. Do you want to know what she brought out? VANILLA BEAN ICE CREAM. How cheap can you be right?! Terrible. As for the service during the meal... so there are chips that everyone gets and the green side means they want the servers to come to them. Red meaning no thank you. Even though I had a plate full of food and my chip on red, they still came by and asked me if I would like some of whatever they are serving. Not just once, but continuously throughout our meal. And sometimes, the server would asked 3 or 4 people if they would like whatever they are serving, but not the rest of our party. One end of our table was highly neglected. At the end of our meal, our waitress asked if there is anything else anyone wanted so she could flag down the server for us. Lamb chops and brazillian sausages. We wait 30 mins. The waitress comes back and ask if we are all done and ready for the check, but we inform her we still did not get our lamp chops or sausages. So she goes to get that for us. We wait another 15 minutes. still nothing. we let her know AGAIN. and finally we got what we asked for. Keep in mind, it is a Sunday. and a slow one too. There were probably 3 other tables so I just don't understand why the service was so terrible. I have nothing against our waitress though, She was very attentive and I don't doubt that she did try to get the sausages and lamb chops for us, but it was the servers who were not attentive at all. The waitress was extremely nice and made sure to refill our drinks and get us fresh plates. Our bill came out to a little under $1,000 and I just cant fathom why they couldn't waive the cake cutting fee. Very disappointing. I will not recommend this restaurant and I will never return.
