Very popular--and usually crowded--Szechuan style resto, located at the western end of the Chinatown Square mall. Lao Sze Chuan is the beginning and the linchpin of the small Tony Hu restaurant empire of several different "Lao" restaurants, each specializing in a different Chinese regional cuisine (Lao Beijing, Lao Shanghai, etc.). http://www.chicagomag.co Lao Sze Chuan is where I get my spicy, peppery, blazing hot tongue on. I started with the really tasty and refreshing (and free!) appetizer of cold shredded raw cabbage, in a fiery hot pepper sauce. This salad is nothing short of amazing. I could eat it all day, it's peppery enough to make your hair sweat. I then had a small bowl of wonton soup, which was a nice, salty, almost bland counterpoint to the fire cabbage. It was chock full of pork filled wontons, beautifully al dente, with an interesting and welcome note of ginger in the filling. The broth was rich and flavorful, which is sometimes not the case with this soup at other places. My main dish was "lamb with cumin"--shredded wok-fired pieces of tender lamb spiced up with red pepper and, not surprisingly, cumin. Along with the lamb were onions, garlic cloves, pieces of fragrant ginger, dried red hot chilis, sliced green hot chilis and chunks of red bell pepper. I also ordered a dish of "mixed Szechuan vegetables" in a thin non-peppery sauce, with baby corn, onions, cooked cabbage, bamboo shoots and other healthy goodies. The veggies were the perfect "yin" balance to the "yang" nature of the cumin lamb. Though I didn't order this on my latest meal at Lao Sze Chuan, another dish I've really enjoyed here in the past is the chicken with dried red chilis, a spectacular flavor explosion on a platter. All told, the spicy cabbage salad, wonton soup, lamb with cumin, mixed Szechuan vegetables, bowl of steamed rice, several pots of tea, a fortune cookie and many necessary glasses of ice cold water to put out the chili fires--was $29.75 plus tip. And I carried enough leftovers home for another terrific meal the next day. The waitstaff here has always been friendly and efficient, even extending to the nice greeting and farewell from the hostess, but this place is way too busy to expect fawning service. You won't have a waiter anticipating your every move, but on the other hand, assistance always seems to be there for the asking.
