If I can write a review with ZERO stars, this is definitely one of those places to do so. It took me a week after Restaurant Week to write about this horrible experience because it makes me so angry every time I sit down to begin to write about it. Here's what went wrong in short: 1. 55 minutes wait with a reservation (yet they were seating people without reservation ahead of us) 2. Waiter/busboy was not helpful with anything 3. I asked for the manager but instead got the floor team leader 4. Rude hostess 5. In our 2.5 hours dining there, we were served the filet mignon once because it actually ONLY came around once. 6. I asked for tiramisu and they served me carrot cake, thinking I wouldn't notice the difference. Infuriating but at this point, can only laugh about it. Here's what went wrong in long version: Is there a difference between making a reservation and a walk-in? NO. I made a reservation for two at 8 PM on a Saturday night thinking it will be crowded and should probably make a reservation so that we don't have to wait like walk-ins. We went in about 10 minutes before our reservation starving because we just spent 8 hours ripping out vinyl flooring at our new dig. The hostess told us that they are running "a little behind" and that the wait will be AT LEAST 30-45 minutes. We got a special chip with our number and was told to wait. WHAT KIND OF PLACE TELLS SOMEONE WITH RESERVATION THAT THERE'S A 45 MIN WAIT??? Meanwhile, we noticed that people with beepers (no reservation) were being seated before us. WHAT! How does this work again? I would assume people with reservations get priority seating. After 45 minutes was up, I went up to the hostess to ask if we are being seated soon. She rudely responded with sans eye contact "What do you think I've been working on?" then mumbled something else which I couldn't hear. Frustrated because at that point, anywhere else we would go would also be a wait. 10 minutes later, we were seated. The total waiting time with reservation was 55 minutes. After we were seated, we were greeted by the waiter. He seemed nice enough in the beginning: explaining to my husband whose never being to this type of establishment how it works. We went to the salad buffet area to find that there was nothing special about it. Yes, the mushroom alfredo risotto thing was good but again, it's pretty average. The meatballs tasted like something out of Costco's frozen section. The sushi looked like it's been sitting out there for a week, which made me scared to try their raw oysters. The meat served was ok. It's great that it's unlimited but really, all the better cut meat only came around ONCE in our 2.5 hours there. The meat servers were really nice and I have to say the best part of our entire horrible dining experience. There was one busboy there who bussed NOTHING the entire time we were there and our plates were just piling up with crap and he stood there the entire time, about 5 feet away from out table. Frustrated, I was ready to go. Our server showed up after only checking up on us once our entire 2.5 hours meal asking us if we want desserts because it came with the restaurant week special. We said ok and looked at the dessert menu. Ready to order, he then said we only have three choices: tiramisu, flan, or chocolate mousse. Well, why didn't he tell us this before??? My husband ordered the flan and I ordered the tiramisu. He comes back 35 minutes later with two flans and what looked like carrot cake. He puts the flan in front of my husband and the carrot cake in front of me. No explanation. I was confused because I was pretty sure I ordered tiramisu. He started walking away and I stopped him to ask if that's the tiramisu. He said, "No, it's carrot cake." I said "But I ordered the tiramisu." He then explained that they ran out so he thought I'd like the carrot cake. I told him no, I don't want the carrot cake, in this case, I would like the flan. Keep in mind, there's a flan still sitting on his tray. He said ok but instead of giving me the flan that is already ON his tray, he left and gave the flan to the table next to us, who ordered desserts about 20 minutes after me. I was dumbfounded. Then I asked the busboy who stood there the entire time what is the name of the manager because I planned on writing a letter to the BBB and CC'ing the manager. He asked if I wanted to see him, I said no, but he went off looking for him. I thought ok, fine, I am ready to let the manager have it. 10 minutes later, he came back with a guy who is NOT the manager who said he understood how I felt and he is on MY side. As soon as he turned around and started walking away, I heard him scolding the busboy about asking him to come to us. My flan came 15 min later and I was ready to wrap it up to go. Done and never again will I return to this subpar establishment. I much rather go to Fogo which has better meat and flavor anyways. BRAZZAZ: THE WORST RESTAURANT EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE (so far).
