Chicago "owns" Mercat about as much as it owns, say, Rick Bayless or Boul Mich--that is, not at all. It's inevitable, I suppose, that a whole micro-verse is necessary to serve the convention and tourist crowds, but it's also unfortunate that the city's best "Spanish" restaurant belongs, and wants to belong, squarely in the realm of the out-of-towners rather than in the cold (and overweight) embrace of area foodies. You gets no love. Ah, air quotes--nature's pretense. But work with me here: this is largely not a Spanish restaurant. Sure, Mercat advertises itself as Catalonian, but it's serving tapas (uh, Madrid), with lots of non-native elements (see: eggplant puree)--definitely not Catalan. That's bourgeois American conceptualization of Spanish food, folks, and that is pretty fascinating to observe...sort of like watching old people run frantically to catch a Blue Line Train that has, in fact, been stalled in the station for the last five minutes. Okay, kidding: watching old people run is much fascinating. But isn't it amazing that what we perceive as contemporary Italian or Spanish is really American, rid of regional dogmas and nationalist preoccupations? Let's have a little more faith, people! Well. It had been a year since my last visit; they did, finally, change the opening menu--which must have been in place for a year--but took off the one knockout dish, a squid ink pasta with aioli that was among the better things I ate in 2008. Jose Garces, for what it's worth, is one of the most consistent whole-menu visionaries I've come across--there isn't a single thing on the menu I wouldn't want to eat--but rare is the truly memorable, truly unforgettable dish. That's by design, surely: you come here, max out your per diem, enjoy your meal, and poop it out a day later. Ephemera. But plenty of pop, though. With tomatoes in season, the introductory pan de tomato (Catalan!) sings--so much so, that I'm not sure why Garces serves this the rest of the year. The cheese plates are nice, bowing to tradition with a little contemporary flair: we had a hard goat cheese that came with a garlic dulce de leche, allowing us to make nice little sandwiches of cheese, granny smith apple, and the caramel. Pasta remains a strong point: the squash dumplings were beautifully creamy, a glimpse of fall; I found the lamb ragu and lamb bacon superfluous, however. Of the two surf-and-turf dishes, skip the scallop-short rib dish--over-salted, and the additional parts (eggplant puree, artichoke salad), while tasty, did not cohere--and go for the serrano-wrapped tuna, which is a fun textural experiment thanks to the accompanying foie gras and croquette. Because my father doesn't eat pork, we also ordered a couple of classics--tortilla Espanola, gambas al ajillo--that were entirely inoffensive but were presumably far below what we could have gotten if the, well, 85% of the menu was more amenable. To the part where I get to being an old maid: the pricing is getting obnoxious. This place was never cheap, but the 10-20% per-dish increase over the past year is especially gnawing in light of the steadfastly small portion size. On a per-bite basis, only Spiaggia has more expensive pastas: we're talking three small dumplings (smaller than Urban Belly) for $14. Really. Some of the vegetable sides were also $14. We had the Escalivida, a "plate" of marinated vegetables that literally had one small pepper, three grape tomatoes, a cippolini onion, a small mound of eggplant puree, and some figged-out bread--it was great; it was $11. Again, really. We had to prompt our server to get the once customary petit fours. In other news, I've now officially become my mother. Last year I would not have hesitated to bestow a four-star-er on this place, but natural's not in it, no longer. The cooking is (generally) great, but it is not true. It is, in spite of the talent behind it and the consistency within, depressingly corporate. I never thought I'd say this--and apologies for doing so--but this place has no soul.
