I'm dying to give Mercat 5 stars, but I'll have to settle for 3.5. It has all the makings for the perfect tapas restaurant - a gorgeous array of cured meats, cheeses, vegetarian, rice, steak and seafood specialties - but it has fallen just short both times I have been. With some simple fixes, Mercat can live up to itself. The high points: 1 - The cured meats plate, especially the jamon iberico, is delicious. I consumed my own weight in this stuff in the Basque country several weeks ago, and this was a lovely culinary trip back there. 2 - The 8oz filet mignon was perfectly medium-rare. I didn't care much for either of the sauces on the side, but the steak itself was to-die-for. 3 - Simple, but the patatas bravas at Mercat are delicious, too. They're always piping hot, a little spicy, and decoratively plated. 4 - The cheese plate also has some very interesting accompaniments like olive caramel. Unexpectedly, peculiarly delicious with the sharp sheep's cheeses. 5 - Prawns a la planxa. Perfectly grilled and garlicky. They leave the heads on so you can enjoy the best part in the empty cavity. The disappointments: 1 - The pulpo. It was chewy. The smoky paprika was lovely, but I had to pick around the plate to find the softest pieces for my boyfriend so he could taste what it should really taste like. 2 - The paella, both times, was far too salty and burned on top. It's great conceptually, loaded with seafood and chorizo, but we had to request an additional bottle of water after finishing half the small plate. I also didn't care for the overcooked crust on top. It's important to mention that the service is wonderful - very attentive, courteous and helpful. Decor is also a major plus. The space is innovative, modern and comfortable. Although there are a few too many tables and it can get noisy, it's so visually appealing that I didn't mind. The menus - dinner and dessert alike - are memorable for their mix of classic Spanish fare and very unique flavor blends present in many of the sauces. Overall, a very pleasant dining experience in a beautifully decorated space with a delicious menu. It's pricey, but I will be back... sadly leaving the pulpo and paella behind.
