Brunch: n. A meal typically eaten late in the morning as a hearty combination of a late breakfast and an early lunch, usually eaten sometime between 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. Nana, if you're going to open a restaurant that caters specifically (and solely) to the brunch crowd, then you need to be prepared to handle that crowd at the appointed brunching hours and provide a brunch that can serve as both breakfast as well as lunch. Simply existing between those hours and offering breakfast as well as lunch items does not qualify as being a successful bruncheon location. We arrived on-scene at 10am and were already stuck having to wait for a table. Meaning that even before typical brunching hours, they were ill-equipped to handle the crowd. They gave an estimate of 10-15 minutes. If you happen to arrive at Nana and see a little bench by the door with no occupants, have someone in your party claim it - as it will likely be your best friend while you wait, which you will undoubtedly be doing. 15 minutes later, we got our table and paper menus. I didn't notice that the fruit drink options at the bottom were "sodas", because I was looking for REAL soda (Nana does not approve). So when I went with apple juice, that meant the $3.50 granny smith apple juice instead of the $2.50 apple soda. Now I like granny smith apples. Truly. And what arrived at the table was a small glass of green beverage, which indeed tasted just like picking an apple off the tree and biting into it (which I've done while apple-picking in Wisconsin). But I'm not a fan of pulp, which was about 15% of the drink. And for $3.50 I could get a few pounds of non-organic apples from a market. Just sayin'. It took about 20 minutes for our food to arrive, as we people-watched the groups coming in, finding out how long of a wait it would be, and then 60% of them leaving. Our food arrived and the first thing I had to say to Char O. was "I'm paying $9 for THIS?" The omelette was small and didn't even cover 1/2 of the average-sized plate. The rest was some potatoes and a tiny metal cup containing my "side of fruit": 1 tiny segment of orange, 2 chunks of a strawberry, and 4 blueberries. I understand it's all organic, but does that allow carte blanche to shrink the portions while still increasing the price? And no toast?? For shame! The potatoes were bland. Nicely-fried and crispy on the outside like I prefer, but they required ketchup. Which was organic, of course. My ketchup could have used with some ketchup as well, if you catch my drift. And the omelette. Okay, I'm not a grand chef, but I know that omelettes are a BLEND of eggs, cheese and filling. Most of the ingredients are put IN with the eggs, then the cheese and remaining ingredients are placed on top before the eggs have fully set, because panning the omelette, folding and the trip to the table provides carryover time for the eggs to fully set perfectly and melt the cheese, creating that tasty amalgam that is the omelette. Nana prefers her omelettes to be a patty of otherwise-scrambled eggs, wrapped around a layer of your ingredients. My Farmer's Omelette was essentially a sandwich, except the bread was replaced by bland egg patties. There was no melding of egg and ingredients. So either organic foods don't play well with each other or every other breakfast diner I've been to has been deliciously wrong. And while I found my service to be okay (bonus points for bringing me the check early and letting me pay when I was ready), Char was left with an empty coffee cup, which I'm told is a cardinal sin in the breakfast-centered industries. Also, the couple who arrived just after us (but seated 10 minutes after us and served their food as we were just finishing) actually got the wrong order. It was a nice touch of Nana to let them keep the wrong food as they hurried to get the right order to the guy, but after keeping them waiting so long for food and not getting it right, it would be the definition of "too little, too late" and I doubt those two will be back. As for me, I'm on the fence about coming back. On the one hand, everything was slow and the place is small and the food was expensive and bland and I actually left still hungry (which is the opposite of a "brunch"). But on the other hand, Bridgeport NEEDS this place to survive. While I'm almost offended by the nature of "organic restaurants", this place has enough starting business (the ones they don't chase away with waiting) to survive, filling one of the 28 vacant spaces along Halsted. Our 'hood needs more new business that can survive longer than 2 months. Nana - if your completed menu can lower prices and increase portions as well as flavor, I will be back. (Especially if you can convince more businesses to rent out these vacant spaces and make our neighborhood THRIVE once more.)
