My husband and I visited Frontera with some friends on Saturday. We called in advance, and learned from the hostess that they only take reservations for approximately 10% of their restaurant. Since they open at 5, she advised us to arrive at 4:30 and wait in line to be in the first seating. We all had some spare time, so we headed down early to find a parking space and window shop around that area -- I'm glad we did. When we arrived at 4 o'clock, the line was already 15 people long. By 4:30, it was half way down the block, and at 5 PM it wrapped around the block to the next street. All of those people create an excitement, an anticipation for the food, and I guess that is where this restaurant went awry for me. Was the food good? Yes. Was it even close to great? No. Was it worth the hour wait? I wouldn't do it again. We wanted to try a mixture of Rick Bayless' recipes, so we started with a few appetizers. They were out of the Elote I had been hoping for (hadn't they just opened?!?), so we opted for a big bowl of guac (it was ok, nothing special) and the appetizer platter. The appetizer platter had Quesadillas Capitalinas, Jicama Callejera, chicken taquitos and ceviche. The presentation is lovely, and the food was wonderful. We were excited for our meals to arrive, and I ordered a hibiscus daiquiri to pass the time.  I'm allergic to peppers (and eating at a Mexican restaurant, gasp!) but the waiter worked with me to find a dish I could eat, and he was very pleasant about it -- that lone earned them an extra star. We had the Poc Chuc de Puerco (orange marinated pork), 2 Tacos al Carbon (with steak, one spicy one mild), and the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano. We ordered a side of the plantains, which were served with cheese and sour cream -- they were excellent! However, not one dish was hot -- all of the food came out luke warm, and the mole was so cold it had to be sent back. Overall, we were underwhelmed with the entrees -- there was nothing special, nothing awful, nothing we passed around to share, and no one really said "Here, try this!" like you do with an excellent meal.  The portion sizes were on the medium side, and we had enough room for desert, but nothing really caught our attention, so we ended up calling it a night. Both on our trip into the restaurant and on our exit, it was so crowded we could barely walk. Along with the wait and the so-so food, that was the final straw that made us decide we'd rather eat at the Mexican dive down the street.
