A few friends and I ate here last night to celebrate the end of law school. We actually picked this particular restaurant because two of us live within walking distance of Demera, and I've somehow never managed to make it out there! The food was really good, and there was a lot of it! We ordered the sambusa sampler (or something like that), and it came with spinach, lentil, beef, tuna, and chicken sambusas. They were crispy, hot, and flavorful. We also ordered the family-style chef's choice for our main course, and it was a TON of really good food! I will say that I have had the pleasure of eating homemade Ethiopian food on several occasions, so I'm a little picky and spoiled when it comes to the cuisine, and while it can't compare to the homemade food I've had, it was still good. We got two kinds of chicken (tibs and a wat? I'm not that familiar with the Ethiopian names for these foods), split yellow lentils, lamb, collard greens, tilapia, cabbage and carrots, beef, split red lentils, house-made cottage cheese, BEETS (which pleased this Polish girl very much, though my dining companions weren't as excited), and a fresh, light salad in the middle. Like I said, it was a TON of food, but we did have to order a couple more pieces of injera to be able to eat all of it, but we still had a lot of leftovers.  I also had an Ethiopian beer, Bedele, which I thought went very well with the food, but I'm not an expert. It must've been pretty strong because I started to feel it after only drinking a couple sips, but that might also have been because I hadn't eat much to that point. My friends all had Red Stripes, and they liked those with the food! Our server, when he was around, was very friendly and witty, but he didn't come around a ton. I think he even told us at one point that he forgot about us because we were being so quiet . . . luckily, we didn't really need anything throughout the night, otherwise it could have been a little annoying. Overall, though, a good experience with good food. It'd be a really good place for vegetarians. Since it's so close AND delivers, I'll probably be back in one way or another.
