I was ready to write a scathing review, to cover as descriptively as I am capable how disgusting and insulting was the evening I spent at Schwa recently. However, before I wrote it, I read Michael Carlson's Wikipedia entry: http://en.wikipedia.org/.Please read it before going. It will open your eyes to the 'scoop' and will most likely encourage you to go and experience the greatness of his culinary arts.Schwa is not just another restaurant in the Chicago 'fine dining' category. It isn't Alinea, Tru, Everest, Spaggia. It is none of these. In order to enjoy it, you must walk on the burning coals of loud and unappetizing rap/hip hop music several decibels too loud to hear the person next to you. You must not ask too many questions and enjoy being served by young 'disrespectful' staff (not all of them by any means) who reek of marijuana (absolutely nothing wrong with that in my book. I love the aroma).The reason we had a terrible time there is that we didn't understand the rules. We thought it was a typical establishment in the U.S. that considers service and the creating of an exquisite dining experience to be equal to the food one is served. Schwa only focuses on the food. They do not care about catering to or kow-towing to the rich elite who want to be waited on hand and foot and be pampered by obsequious waiters. When you read the wikipedia entry, you'll understand why.Chef Carlson, while his capacity to run a successful business may be compromised by the excruciating mental anguish he's been through, is trying to remain pure to his vision. He wants to create incredible culinary delights and is doing so. In addition, his staff is very loyal to him. He obviously is an outstanding mentor for these budding chefs. I fully expect to see them start their own restaurants over the next several years.Bottom line: you will immensely enjoy the experience if you understand what Chef Carlson has been through; if you do not expect it to be polished like Trotter's or Tru and if you are going there to experience the food creations rather than the ambiance. I strongly recommend encouraging Chef Carlson's vision by continuing to mention Schwa and going there. There is true greatness in the kitchen if not in the dining area.
