Am staying at the Inn for a couple nights over the Thanksgiving Holiday weekend, 2009. In fact, am writing this review from a table in the 2nd floor's continental breakfast area. The view of the surrounding downtown buildings on this gray, soggy morning is wonderful. The food at the continental breakfast, not so much. The eggs are disgusting, they actually smell and taste like pancake syrup, which, since pancakes are not being offered, is hella scary. The bacon is crispy, a good thing. Plenty of bagels and you toast your own. You can also make your own waffle (too much trouble for me to go to at a hotel when I don't make waffles in my own house). Now for my room. It's quite large, nicely appointed with modern minamlist decor, large bathroom with huge shower. Pluses: 36" flat screen HD TV; full cable line-up; refrigerator I've now stocked with my own bottled water and diet sodas; nice decor; lots of fluffy feather pillows; free WIFI; plenty of drawers for clothes and deskspace for working; plenty of hangers in the closet. Minuses: Very stingy on the complimentary toiletries - two butter-pat sized bars of soap and one thimbleful of shampoo. What ever happened to shampoo and conditioner and a little container of lotion? Not to mention the shoe-buffing cloth (not that my shoes need buffing, but they make great lens cleaners for sunglasses). The water never got quite hot enough for my liking in the shower. The AC/Heat system doesn't respond very well. I like it bone-chilling cold when I sleep at night, but the thermostat wouldn't let me lower the setting any lower than 65 degrees, and it never ever got below 67. In the morning, I crank up the heat when I'm dressing, so I set the thermostat to 72 degrees. An hour and a half later, the air temp had risen from 67 to 69.  Biggest complaint: the hotel advertises they have safes at the front desk for locking up valuables. That's not quite true. What they do have are safe-deposit boxes, the long skinny ones that you find at banks.  I found this out on my way out to dinner last night, when I took my netbook down to lock it up, since I didn't want to leave it in my room. When I asked the staff member at the desk what other recommendations she could give me on how I could secure my netbook without having to carry it around me at all times, she said to just leave it in the room. I don't think so. Biggest compliment so far: Very cool decor. Think Design Within Reach meets MOMA meets the Ikea look.
