Wow, Lao, I like your style! Your food is bangin'. The twenty-minute wait, not so much. I'm not saying a wait is not to be expected at a delicious restaurant, but there is nowhere to sit so you have to stand there smashed up against some other starving waitee and have nothing to do but stare at everyone's food. But, I digress. On to the food. I had been craving hot and sour soup all day, and was delighted when I ordered a cup and it didn't have UFO's (Unidentified Floating Objects) like many a H&S soups I've experienced before. This hot and sour was straight to the point- hot, sour and tofu/mushroom-laden. And vegetarian to boot! Much like the chips and salsa placed on the table at a Mexican restaurant, Lao Sze Chuan's version of this is the spicy cabbage dish served once you've been seated. Slightly vinegar-y, this chili-oil dressed slaw with flecks of chili pepper sucked the sinus issues right out of me! For an appetizer, my roomie and I ordered the green beans in black bean sauce. Chopped green beans with a hint of soy sauce and fermented black beans- absolutely delicious, and not over-powering and filling (ahem...eggroll). My only complaint is the apparent Carpel Tunnel Syndrome I developed from picking up tiny beans one at a time with chopsticks. Oh, I'm just complaining because I didn't want to be the only person using a fork in the entire restaurant. Anyway... For the main event, we decided to get two different entrees and split them after much debate about getting the Hotpot (which we will most certainly explore next time). So, we went with the staple Orange Chicken- crispy and flavorful, and they even asked if we wanted it spicy! Yeah! Also, the Sze Chuan Beef, which was good but the beef was a little soft and strangely textured. The sauce was spicy and flavorful though, and the veggies crunchy and fresh. I think I might just go with vegetarian options next time. To all the vegetarians out there- check this place out. There are TONS of veggie options! Overall...a very satisfying experience. I can't wait to get back there and try some other dishes (all 900 of them).
