I would have given it four stars, but the nickel and diming just got to me. There is no reason to charge 25 bucks a night extra plus tax for an executive room and wifi and fitness equipment access when I can get free wifi at a holiday inn and use fitness equipment too. This was just a ripoff. Don't park at the hotel. There are several self pay places right behind the hotel. You can pay 45 bucks a day at the hotel, or you can pay 22 bucks a day. You choose. And it's a short block. I prepaid for the hotel via hotwire, but they still asked for a card for incidentals and put a $300 hold on it. They could have at least told me what they were doing when they were doing it. I found out in checking my balances online. The room was nice, but some things unnecessary. My room had a huge flat screen, two double beds, and two full bathrooms. We didn't really need two full bathrooms, though it's a unique touch. Newly renovated rooms. The metro train runs and is audible from the room. This might really bother some people, but it didn't bother me or my son. We sleep like rocks, and there's something about the sound of trains that I actually find kind of soothing. We are also night owls anyway, and the train stops running after like 2 or 3, so it didn't impede our sleep. The inside of the hotel is great. The place is is like a titanic ocean liner without the sinking. This is a grand dame hotel with a lot of history, celebrating its 85th year this year. I't's decorated very nicely. Presidents and celebrities have stayed here. The penthouse suites are something like 2700 square feet. It's a splurge place.  I got a lower price on hotwire. I think because it's so big (1544 rooms), they always have some rooms available and so need to go that route. I almost booked it on http://hotels.com, was thrilled to get it for much cheaper on hotwire, though the wifi/fitness equipment charge took away some of the discount (http://hotels.com had various packages that included different things such as parking or wifi, many different head spinning combinations to confound). Anyway, I think I still got a bargain. I'd recommend it to any first timer to Chicago, so they can have a grand experience. For subsequent visits to Chi-town, stay at a place that offers free wifi and free or more reasonable parking. But we really enjoy the grandness of it, and were happy to be there.
