When I visited my sister in LA waaaaaaaay back in the day she took me out for some pho. Did I know what it was? No, not really. What I did know was that it was delicious and wonderful. I remember the basil, the bean sprouts, the amazing broth, the chili sauce, the aroma, the flavors all coming together and making me so very very happy. But we aren't talking about LA. Not even warm. Because when I came here two weeks ago, it was cold. Like good ol' Chicago subzero, freeze body parts, bundle up thrice and still shiver cold. Nothing beats a good cold night, except when you counter it with a hot bowl of pho. It kicks old man winter in his balls, which is what I had in my pho, meatballs. Not those balls. The chicken broth was great, the the noodles: aplenty, the toppings: abundant, the company: fun and adventurous and hungry. We also tried one of their beef banh mi sandwiches. Super tasty, especially when the fun and tasty chili sauce added in, I want some of that sauce to take home with me!! But me thinks my stomach lining may disappear after a few months of the stuff. The bread was slightly toasty and crispy, the filings tender and flavor was outstanding. The spring rolls of shredded pork and crispy pork skin, (I like pork, do we have a problem? I didn't think so.) I could have had six more, but I don't think I would have had room for the specialty rice dish, (sunny side egg, Chinese sausage, (greasy and yum), and some more pork. I'm sorry Miss Piggy.... Nah, not really... I never liked how you tossed Kermit's feelings around like you did. The menu is huge! About 150 dishes. BYOB!! Cheap! The place is great people watching too. People from every walk of life strewn in and wait patiently to be seated. So note, eat and get out, especially if there is a line. Be nice or you will get dirty looks from hungry people waiting to savor some Vietnamese dishes. Oh and did I mention we had everything for $36? Old Man Winter, I have my belly full of pho, I can survive you for another night.
