Over two years after we first dinned here. we decided to come back and celebrate my birthday. I think after all the other dinning experiences we've had in the past two years, I really wanted to try Tru again and see where it stands when compared to other Michelin starred restaurants. By the minute we walked in, they treated you as if you were the only customers and all attention was on you. And it's my birthday, so everyone said happy birthday to me, which made the birthday girl really happy :). The service was top notch, I always appreciate the attentions to details--black napkin for my black dress, purse stool next to my feet, and the happy birthday print on the menu. We went for the Chef's collection, plus some caviar. Needless to say, every course's presentation was beautiful. -Caviar: it has the most memorable presentation as the caviar was presented on some gorgeous white coral. We are rookies when it comes to caviar, so all I can say is, it's YUMMY! :) -White sturgeon "caviar", rested on avocado. This chef's take on caviar is just as delicious as the real caviar we just had, if not better. I think the avocado made it. -Day boat scallop: it had a very profound Asian flavor to it, i think it's the ginger and thai chili. This was the start of this underlying Asian flavor of tonight's dinner. -Summer tomato salad: refreshing, summery, and it preserves the natural flavors of tomatoes while made it more visually appealing. It made me feel less guilty about going out because I was eating all the vitamins! -Dashi flan: i think this might be the least memorable dish of all night. I don't remember what it is... -Foral artichoke: it was some artichoke creamy soup with edible flowers on top. The flavors were amazing, and the presentation was pretty. Loved it! -Alaskan halibut: another dish with more of an Asian twist than French in my mind. It tasted like a Thai halibut curry. Don't get me wrong, I loved it, but I thought Tru is supposed to be more like modern French? I still remember the foie gras ravioli we had at our first visit. Now they went for Thai flavors? -Jidori chicken: very tender, and had foie gras and black truffle shaving. It was the high note of the night. But again, I think there's some soy sauce-ish tasting sauce on the plate. A little odd to couple that with foie gras, but oh well, I loved their chicken. Then comes the cheese cart, then the vanilla parfait and banana ice cream presented by "George", some monkey statue that made me laugh. It's kinda weird to present dessert on a monkey statue, maybe another hint of the thai underlying tone? Last but not least is the dessert cart, I asked for one of each, a girl can never have too many desserts! When we left, they gave us each a treat to take home. Very thoughtful and a nice touch for an amazing dinner! It's definitely worth a Michelin Star, and we will definitely be back again!
