I am severely depressed right now. Why? Because I'm back home in Evanston after having a late lunch at Irazu today and want to go back NOW for a late night meal. There are so many other things on the menu that I want to eat. Irazu, why are you so far away from me?! :( Here's what we had: - Chips (free!) to start with squirts of green sauce in a bottle. My mouth was on fire. I loved it. - 3 empanadas: beef and potato (YUM!), spinach cheese, zucchini. - Patacones: double fried green plantains with roasted garlic oil. But they lie to you. The roasted garlic oil is more like a chunky garlic oil paste that I wish they sold in jars because I would eat that stuff on everything and breathe ferocious garlic dragon breath to keep annoying people away. - Pepito sandwich: Hubby got this and loved it. I had one bite and loved it, though rice dishes always trump sandwiches in my eye (what? I'm Chinese). - Tinted squid mixed with rice: I got it spicy. It was so beautiful. A mound of rice mixed with squid pieces. Yes, it was a strange gray color, but it is tinted squid rice...what do you expect? Squid ink pasta looks weird but is delicious. I will dream of this rice all month. The dish comes with fried plantains and a cabbage salad. Complete comfort on a plate and I'm not even close to being Costa Rican. - And of course, the oatmeal shake. I got mine plain with soy. Nom nom nom. It tastes like a thick chunky horchata almost. Oatmeal banana is an excellent combo too. I have no clue how many trips I'll be making to try everything on the menu... chifrijo?! chicharron?! ceviche?! liver?! and the veggie stuff even sounds good! The places was completely empty when we arrived (on a cold rainy Friday at around 3pm) and we parked right in from of the restaurant (metered). Another table came in while we were eating and did the unforgivable deed of not ordering an oatmeal shake (and they didn't know what empanadas were....really?) but I've erased them from my memory (get the shake!) It is also cash only but if you forget, there's in ATM inside. Nice helpful servers, terrific food, outdoor patio space. I can see this place getting insanely busy on sunny weekends, so go early and do yourself a favor and order take-out food after your meal. I am kicking myself in the face for not doing that right now. I should be eating deep fried pork chunks but am going to munch on a stuffed pizza pretzel instead. Sadface! I miss you already Irazu.
