Molto Bene. Apparently I'm late to the party with this place.  Finally got here over the weekend and treated my sister to an Italian feast before she left town. I knew that DE does not take reservations, so we were fortunate to arrive early for dinner after an afternoon of shopping and sightseeing.  We were seated immediately and I took a look around at the cute restaurant we had been so excited to visit. Racks of wine bottles lined the main dining room where we were seated and the walls had a cute decor of keyholes and doorknobs. There also appeared to be some communal tables by the bar up front for those nights they get swamped. We took our time going over the menu and trying to piece together an order that would be ideal for sharing and accommodating everyone's preferences. We went with three smaller app sized dishes and three mains. We got the truffled egg toast with fontina and asparagus, and a few salads. The toast was ridiculously good and it went quickly. I mopped up all the runny egg goodness. The salads were a hit with the ladies, particularly the one with the farro. For our mains, the ladies got a few pizzas the DOC and the arugula/proscuitto. I went with the giant rigatoni with sausage, oven roasted tomatoes and parm. These were all hits with our table. The arugula combo is always a winner and my sister loved it. The DOC was conveniently light on the cheese, so that made my little lady happy. I always love pasta dishes and the rigatoni did not disappoint. For dessert we had the torta bacio-chocolate-hazelnut mousse, crunchy bottom and chocolate nibs. It was a good ending to our meal.  So why just four stars? A few things they could improve on. It seemed like we had to chase people down to get fresh pepper, cheese and hot peppers for our dishes. Had our server checked with us, we could have covered this. I always need this with pizza/pasta, picky me. It wasn't at all crowded, so it wouldn't have taken much to check in with us. They also drizzle the pizzas with EVOO, which I never think is needed and usually ruins a pie for my finicky redhead.  That said, we had a great meal here and we are sure to return. There are quite a few small plate Italian restaurants around town, DE is the best of the bunch. Mangia!
