Hmmph...guess I didn't know as much as I thought I did about Chicago restaurants until a good friend of mine told me about the fabulous brunch he had at Longman and Eagle. I took that as a personal affront to my vast and varied knowledge of great places to eat in the city. I swallowed my pride long enough to ask the 5 W's and hung up the phone enraged. Fuming, I vowed to myself and anyone within earshot to get there sometime in the near future. How could I not have at least HEARD or READ about this place? Get it together KK...u slippin' boo. Finally, my opportunity came in the form of a brunch invite from the BD one Sunday afternoon. "Any suggestions?" he queried. "As a matter of fact I do...Longman and Eagle," I eagerly replied. So I scooped up the child and off we went. We arrived to a 30-minute wait inside and out, so our friendly hostess suggested we wait at the bar. We grabbed a couple of seats and basked in the gastropub ambiance, which reminded me of the bar in the movie The Crying Game. Not super fancy, kind of dark and dank, but totally sexy. What's more, I only recently found out about the whole gastropub phenomena when I attended a party at The Spotted Pig in NYC last fall, so I was really excited to see what L & E was workin' with. And what they were workin' with was a whole lotta deliciousness. At the bar, I ordered a spicy Bloody Mary which was prepared exactly the way I like it and when the bartender slid a tiny glass of beer in front of me, I thought maybe it was a liquid amuse bouche. But before I drank it, I just had to ask, "Ummm...what's this and is it mine?" He could've given me the "You hideously uncultured, uneducated diner, you" look, but instead, he explained that it was a beer back to go with my Bloody Mary. Oh. He then went on to explain that it was from Amsterdam, Prague, Belgium or some other European city where those fancy ales that my brothers like to drink come from. Oh. Once we were seated, The BD and I both were immediately sold on the fried chicken and waffles served with sweet potato and pork belly hash. Since they didn't have MIckey Mouse pancakes or hotdogs, baby girl went with the Yo Gabba Gabba French toast (Brioche French toast with peach compote and bacon pudding). I have to admit, I was a bit skeptical about the deliciousness of the fried chicken I was about to receive because I have been bitterly disappointed by what I've had at restaurants lately, but that yard bird over there...OMG cubed! Crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside and perfectly seasoned all over. Were those really tatted up white boys with gauged earlobe piercings back there frying that up or was there a black lady who looks like Mammy from Tom and Jerry doing the cooking? Am I wrong or racist for saying that? Some might think so, but I'm not....just speaking from my personal experiences with fried chicken. BD agreed. As for the waffles, I don't think anyone can really screw them up but these seemed other-worldly---as if they were rocketed in from Planet Waffle. When our waiter, Joey, placed baby girl's French Toast in front of her, she excitedly asked," Are those my Yo Gabba Gabba pancakes?" Joey was cool enough to go along with it and even launched into a discussion with her about different characters on the show and who was her fave (thanks Joey). As she happily ate her food, she offered me a bite and I could see why she was so joyous. That was some damned good French Toast and the bacon pudding (which I've never had or even heard of before in life) was killin 'em. I even ordered the prawns and grits to go because I couldn't NOT have them---how often do you see that on a menu? The prawns were savory and tender and the grits were thick, creamy and buttery, exactly the way they should be. Longman and Eagle is a bit pricey for brunch and service was a bit "leisurely," but well worth it. My overall experience there was a pleasant and unexpected surprise. I'll be back.
