A group of friends and I went there on a Saturday night around 10:30 for live band Karaoke. We got a table up front near the bar/waitress station. We didn't get a chance to try the pizza so this review is based entirely on the drinking atmosphere of the place. The karaoke was fun, there was a selection of about 100 songs to choose from. I'm not even allowed to sing in the shower according to my neighbor anymore, so I left it up to my friends to rock me like a hurricane.  Our waitress turned out to be the worst one ever. She never once approached our table to ask us if we needed anything. I kept having to get up and tell her while she was at the bar. (it wasn't that busy). We asked for water and she flops down a pitcher and some glasses- not caring enough to pour said water into glasses. We were only drinking pitchers, not anything high maitenance. The pitchers for beer I felt tasted like Miller Lite were $16 a pitcher- not worth it.  The real great part of the night though was when the waitress brought the bill and my friend paid for it with his credit card and didn't leave a tip on the card since the rest of us at the table where paying him cash for our portion and leaving a cash tip. The waitress takes the bill, while we are all still sitting at the table talking, drinking, sitting and getting out our cash. She comes back to our table and starts yelling at my friend who paid why he didn't leave her a tip (the bill was $80). He explained we were leaving a cash tip (we weren't running out the door at the time) at which time she informed us that it would get stolen left on the table and continue screaming at my friend when he said we were planning on handing it to her before we left saying "I don't want your F-ckin money!", then she starts yelling at my sister who had paid a separate check to "teach your friends how to tip!". We didn't plan on giving this girl a huge tip since really she sucked, but a tip nonetheless until she unleashed on us. We got a manager and told him the story and he actually comped our bill and gave me a card for free pizza which was very nice. Hopefully that jackass of a waitress -LISA- got fired though. I've worked in bars for the last 10 years and if I ever spoke to a customer like that I know I would get canned.
