so the other night i had the biggest craving for a good margarita and good mexican on an outdoor patio. yeah i was in one of those hard to please moods (rare, honest) i really had no idea where to go. i know that sounds strange in a city overflowing with awesome mexican food, but i realized my experience is more limited than i thought. i know of and love all the ashland, chicago, western, etc joints but i wanted something above a good taco/burrito. however i didnt want to break the bank nor wait forever either. any where in pilsen i'd want to go was byob, and like i said, the margarita was most coveted. i was about to suggest making the trek to one of my faves, "that little mexican cafe" in evanston, but i think i would have passed out on the way. so what do i do? check yelp of course! and thanks to many positive reviews, we trusted mayan palace was the best bet. expecting to wait a bit, we were surprised to see a few empty tables (was saturday night) and were seated immediately. it wasnt exactly an outdoor patio but the windows were open so we got the fresh breeze i was looking for. the service was exceptional. the margaritas were killer and the large pitcher my husband and i shared (oops, meant to get the small) was way way way too much ...... um, fortunately i got to enjoy my meal before those really kicked in. whether the food is awesome or just ok definitely depends on what you order. the guac was fine but not the best. not enough chunks and a little bland. my husband got a combo: skirt steak, chile relleno, cheese enchilada - i tried some steak and it was seriously some of the best skirt i've had. the hubs liked everything except the rice and beans. i ordered the guisado de puerco. so happy i didnt go w/ the standby steak fajitas. this pork dish was so tender and had this delicious sauce made of tomatillos, chiles and whatever else... yum so good. we were so happy with the experience, we went back thurs for 1/2 price margaritas. i wasnt that hungry so i ordered the ceviche.. that was pretty bad. all in all, the main dishes more than satisfied but the sides & appetizers left more to be desired.
