I can literally say that my experience at Schwa (and I am in no way a Prius driving douchbag or a "yummers' hipster foodie) was pretty close to ethereal.  If you Google Schwa, you might come across a Chow post where a woman with terrible grammar wrote something like "Schwa -- a anomole?" Although the attempt at correct spelling was also a fail, the description was completely correct.  anomaly/nml/ Noun: Something that deviates from what is standard, normal, or expected. The angular distance of a planet or satellite from its last perihelion or perigee. Prior to coming here, I expected to be let down -- I had started to over-hype it to myself and every time I do this, nothing ever lives up to expectations.  After eating there, I can honestly say that it lived up to every expectation and then some.  Something that I barely see mentioned in the write-ups on Schwa, and something that I don't think many people know is that they spend something like 70-80% of the money the restaurant takes in on the food itself. That being said they lose their ass quite a bit to put bad-ass food on the table for all you newbs, so respect. At the end of the night, when you are "tipping" -- you are making up food costs probably. They don't expect that...but keep it in mind if you are one of those "So I have been to Alinea and I have been to Schwa..."people. Highlights of my meal (besides the amazing service): *A Salmon with Pink Lemonade - This salmon is crazy -- it's like a chicken-salmon. As if a chicken and salmon got together, listened to some Barry White and out came this dish. Meaty, and just so tender at the same time. I will FOREVER DREAM OF THIS. *One Bite Quail Egg Ravioli. Which, if I am not mistaken -- is a raviolo. Anyway, no one makes anything like this...and it' is a staple. * Apple Tortellini?  *Chocolate -covered cherry, or wait I am sorry -- "We had a chocolate covered cherry and we said "f*ck that." *Potato Bar Soup. Holy s*it , potato crisp. *A crab salad that reminded me of Fishermans Wharf on a cold, March day, but that was way better than Fisherman's Wharf crab salad could ever be. *Roe - Deep fried roe, violet foam and a passion fruit gelee. Explained as "Fruit Loops".  *Basil infused homemade soda. *Mustard ice cream? I am missing like four more courses.... Our service and food was top notch.  I am happy to say that I had the chance to eat there. It wasn't just one of the most memorable meals of my life -- it was one of the most memorable experiences of my life.
