Here is an updated edition after trying dinner at SunWah. I have added one star because the Peking duck did not disappoint. The good: The Peking duck was good. Not excellent if you compare it with HK, Beijing but let's face it. We are in Chicago, the wilderness of Chinese cuisine. The buns (served with the duck) were soft, moist and warm. The not-so-good: The assortment BBQ plate disappointed. I want to stress that their Cantonese roasts should be quite good. It is just that diners should order individual items (siu-yuk or roasted whole pig skin-on, char-siu, duck or chicken) rather than the assortment. The assortment dish served us consisted of char-siu, soy-sauce-chicken and roast duck. I had thought it would certainly have siu-yuk in it but disappointingly, no. The meats were not the best cuts and worst of all, the presentation was awful. The plate was too small. The meats were just put on the dish without any thought as to esthetic or culinary consideration (the meats should not be piled on such that the sauces and juices of each mix). It (the presentation) would be acceptable in SunWah's previous location but SunWah is now a serious sit-down restaurant, not a hole-in-the-wall Cantonese roasts joint that just sells take-out meats. We ordered other dishes: fried oyster, pan-fried Chilean sea-bass(expensive but well executed), fried soft-shell crab (inexpensive at 4.50 each and pretty good), beef and bitter gourd and others. On the whole, the dishes (besides the Peking duck) were average, nothing to write home about or to recommend in particular. My recommendations: 1. Peking duck. 2. Order individual cantonese roasts and do not order the assortment dish. Previous review: The Trib did 3 articles on SunWah in the past few months. That certainly created a lot of attention for them. Because of this I would like to review it in some detail. I have never dined in their old location but had been a regular customer buying Cantonese roast products (often referred o as Cantonese BBQ) until about 3 or 4 years ago. It wasnt because there was anything wrong with their foods but I just stopped going to the Argyle area after our favorite Pho joint changed ownership. The recent Trib articles made me decide to go back to SunWah. The Peking duck review will have to wait as I made a reservation for later this month with a group of friends. This past weekend my wife and I tried lunch there. The good: 1.The roast whole pig (the skin-on kind, known as siu-yuk, not to be confused with char-siu, the roast pork without skin) was good. 2. The soy sauce chicken was also quite good although not outstanding. One of the "choppers" ( the guys who select your BBQ cut and chop it up for you) still recognized me as a former regular customer and greeted me warmly. That was a nice touch. The bad: 1. The char-siu was sub-par. Wonton Express at Milwaukee/Deerfield easily beats SunWah at least on this occasion. I was quite disappointed because SunWah made pretty good char-siu in the past. The cut I got ( I am sure the chopper who recognized me did his best to find me a decent piece of meat) was dry and therefore a little chewy. Being a specialty Cantonese BBQ joint, Sun Wah should really make sure their char-siu is up to quality. 2. Forget about their wonton. (Again Wonton Express makes better and more authentic wonton.) SunWah's wonton stuffing seemed to be all meat. Authentic Canton/HongKong wonton should contain some chopped shrimp. The texture of the stuffing was also too firm. They were like meatballs in a wonton wrapping. 3. The ho-fun (flat rice noodle) in soup was not cut into thin strips as they should be. We ordered this with the wonton. When ho-fun is served in soup, they should be cut into 1/4 inch wide strips. The wider strips should be used in fried ho-fan. 4. Fish ball was not authentic. It was our mistake to order this in the first place. Outside of Hong Kong we have yet to find the Chiu Chow fish ball that is so unique in its taste and texture. Not even in NYC, SF or Toronto. We will be trying SunWah's Peking duck soon. Will post a review then. It is quite remarkable that they actually went to Beijing to learn the preparation of Peking duck. I wish they also had gone back to Hong Kong to study the making of Cantonese wonton. Considering the fact that wonton is not their claim to fame, I should probaly give them a pass in this department.
