These guys even get more of a 5 star rating after my terrible experience at the map room. I mean, in the same night I experienced the difference between serving snazzy beer like I'm an asshole for ordering it, and having the audacity to think the bartender should serve me a water: http://www.yelp.com/biz/ And then we came here. I'm not really picky about atmosphere. I like to explore and to me whether the place is a cool upscale lounge or a dive shit-hole bar with pbr tall-boys on special doesn't make a difference.  What does is the service. Look, if I go to a dive bar and the bartender has a shitty attitude then I can ALMOST let it slide, but I even had great service the other day at the L&L so... But whatever, you can read my Maproom review to hear more of my whining about crap service. This review is about the refreshing difference service can make... since I came here and ordered some beer and the people behind the bar were actually smiling. They were happy and not only did they gleefully (well ok, I don't wanna act like they were all creepy robot happy. Just normal happy. So you people that love show's like Glee, don't get all excited.) serve me a water, but they actually (wait... what the hell is Glee and why the heck is it even a show? It sounds completely creepy. Like is it about Glee club people or something?) kept refilling my water before I even asked. I was pretty happy just because of that. Because for me, it's that simple. Food, Drinks, whatever... That's important stuff, but service can make or break a place. Great beer, good food? "What's wrong, buddy? You look busy and are likely to pull about $200 tonight at least filling cups with beer? Why the frown? How come when I ordered my beer you looked like I just told you Vanilla Ice's "Ice Ice Baby" was one of the most ground-breaking and creative artistic works of all time?" can totally kill the vibe. So this is cool, because I like to enjoy my beer and I want to think that the person who is serving me the beer appreciates my patronage a little. You don't have to dance and sing and light candles and throw a parade, but at least be cool when I ask for a water. A smile wouldn't hurt but if you're just being cool it's not even necessary. I get it. Just know the difference between trying not to smile to "look cool" vs actually being cool, because sadly many people do not know the difference... That's another story. ;) Enjoi
