My first foray into authentic Chicago deep-dish was last Saturday at Gino's East. (Well, technically it was a slice of Lou Malnati's consumed haphazardly at 2am after a night of drunken shenanery, but since I have utterly no recollection of this incident aside from the empty pizza box on the trash bin the next morning, it doesn't count. And yes, I did just combine shenanigans and chicanery. Eat it.) Gino's was happy to accomodate my party of six on a Saturday evening, albeit an early evening at around five o'clock. They don't take resies, and in cold weather this means I force my companions to eat at a time traditionally reserved for the very, very old, as I am a wuss when it comes to waiting around in frigid temps. Anyway, we obviously got right in. Deep-dish was our mission. We ordered two mediums and went splitsies on the toppings. We had some problems determining which side was which when doling it out, but once we figured it out, we happily devoured it. I was surprise how much left over there was, considering this group tends to be more than able to polish off even the heartiest of portions. Although the piz takes 45 minutes to make, it's worth it. Especially since you have time to enjoy the other menu options. We shared the harvest salad, appetizer trio and fried ravioli. I skipped the fried fare since I knew the pizza would be enough of a gut bomb and just had salad. It was delish but I could take or leave the raspberry dressing. Our server was a little slow as the meal progressed, probably because the resto filled up quickly. But he may have been put off by our complete lack of small talk when it came time to dish out the slices. ("So where are you guys from?" "Whatever, PIZZA.") I did like that they brought pitchers of soda for us. It took me back to my little league days. My only complaint is that the crust on the pizza is too tough. I like it spongier, like a Pizza Hut breadstick. (Shut up, you know you love them.) Although my companions ate up the leftovers before I got a chance, they reported that the pizza reheats well. All in all, a great entre into the world of the DD.
