Sky rockets in flight. Afternoon delight. Afternoon delight. Thinkin' of [Sprout's] workin' up my appetite looking forward to a little afternoon delight... No, I'm not referring to the cheesy 70's hit, or the hilarious Arrested Development episode, or even getting busy in the afternoon. I *am* referring to my brunch at Sprout and my breakfast cocktail. I was fortunate enough to join friends at Sprout's brunch soft opening. Considering that people are usually cranky and/or hungover in the morning, Sprout was smart to take things slow and get it right their first time out. This was my first time dining at Sprout and the space is quite impressive. It's a narrow space divided into two segments. One room, which houses the bar is darker and the other, an atrium-like space with high ceilings, got a lot of great natural light - even on a rainy day. The flagstone walls, dark wood tables and leather chairs gave it an almost prairie-style feel. We sat in the atrium room, which houses about 10 tables. The menu has approximately 12, well-chosen breakfast entrees, 10 sides and 10 breakfast cocktails to choose from. We all struggled between at least two dishes when it came time to order. I settled on the berry waffle and a side of parsley potatoes. The waffle was amazing and my description probably won't do it justice. It was served with fresh berries, pureed berries, berry syrup, mascarpone cream and marcona almonds. The presentation was nice, but the taste was amazing; the mascarpone was like ice cream, the berries sweet and I devoured every savory morsel. The parsley potatoes were unlike typical breakfast potates. They were not fried or roasted, but boiled red potatoes that were rich, buttery and creamy; the perfect savory accompaniment to my main dish. I also had the chance to try a bit of the curry shrimp and grits, which was something I considered ordering - it was fantastic and definitely on my short list. Our server was cute, personable, efficient and nearly a dead ringer for Yelp's own Beth D. She came up with the name for my breakfast cocktail, the Afternoon Delight, and sang the chorus as she presented it to me. It was served in a champagne flute and made with prosecco, frenet, and a basil syrup; it was tasty but could have been sweetened up a touch. This is not a cheap brunch outing, but the inventiveness of the menu, quality of the ingredients, great service and how well everything ties together makes it worth the trip. Save your pennies, I expect that this will quickly become a hot, upscale brunch destination. P.S. Sprout's brunch is intended to be kid-free, so drop all the f-bombs you like.
