Hello, We visited Graham Elliott at the suggestion of my fiancee.  We entered the restaurant and were greeted at the host stand in a rather curt manner. They asked us to leave by 7 PM because they had a reserved guest coming for restaurant week. They redeemed themselves by seating us in a table for two by the window on a wonderful afternoon. The atmosphere is energetic and the waitress was really hip and cool. The service was outstanding. Our water glasses were always filled. The silverware was changed at each course. The table was wiped down in between courses as well.  From the beginning, the prices seemed high for fine dining in a bistro atmosphere. As the meal progressed, my opinion of the place deteriorated. We started with Foie Gras mousse loillpops coated in pop rocks. They were overly salty and devoid of the flavor usually found with foie gras. The pop rocks actually saved the appetizer, but neither of us finished it. Our next entree was a cold beef carpaccio. The presentation was awesome. The appetizer consisted of four cracker sized portions of beef sliced lunch meat thin and placed on top of cream cheese (it may have been mozzarella but it lacked flavor). I know that marbling of beef indicates extra flavor, but this ratio of fat was a little unappealing. We then had our hot appetizer, pan seared scallops. The waitress did explain that these small plates were not meant for sharing.  Again, the presentation was incredible. However, it is hard to taste an appetizer when one is served only two scallops. By comparison, if you order pan seared scallops at other restaurants in the area, there are usually 5-8 large scallops served. They are prepared the same way, but the presentation isn't as good. Personally, I prefer a little less eccentric presentations with more food of the same quality. When dinner came, the halibut was a 2 inch by 2 inch square. Given the $31 price, we figured at the time we ordered that the plate would be large enough to share. The last few times I was charged in this price range for halibut, it was for a decent size filet, presented elegantly with enough accouterments for sharing. It was also at restaurants (Morton's Roy's, Hugo's Frog Bar) that are at the same caliber Graham Elloitt claims to be minus the trendy atmosphere. As dessert came, I was dissatisfied, but not angry. When it arrived and I saw that we paid $10 for two peeled strawberries, a half a scoops of melted lavender ice cream, and a few crumbles of angel food cake, I was mad. The presentation was incredible, but I am not one who likes to pay $122 to eat the creation of someone playing with food. When the bill came, suffice it to say, I was livid. A four ounce soda pop with ice was $3 per serving. Thus, I paid $6 for a can of Coke. I drank water through out the meal to keep my palate fresh and saved the coke for the end because 1) I limit alcohol to special occasions and 2) there was so little starch in the entrees that I actually began to feel dizzy. I honestly felt ripped off. The portions were so small that I actually had to order a pizza later. When I brought this to the attention of the restaurant via e-mail, Mr. Bowles responded himself with: On 5/21/10 8:35 PM, "Graham Elliot Bowles" xxxxxx@gmail.com wrote: (e-mail address concealed to comply with Yelp privacy policy) Brian, Is this a joke? I think I will post onto Yelp, TimeOut Chicago, TripAdvisdor and Zagat as well, announcing how much of an amateur you are. What with your name dropping Morton's, splitting an entree and complaining about dishes you clearly have no understanding about. As for the 50% refund, I'd say you could go "F'" yourself, but I'm a nice guy, so let's just call it even. Next time you come in, we'll charge you double. --------- Response: I didn't hold the guy up for a 50% reduction on my bill in exchange for removing reviews. The reviews would stay up on all four sites regardless of any conciliatory efforts Most folks who are dissatisfied with undercooked food get it recooked without excitement.
