I have now come here several times in the last year. Sun Wah has been around forever and actually recently moved to their current location from around the corner. Eating here is like eating in Chinatown without having to go to Chinatown. They specialize in their barbecue dishes, but have an array of other choices. FOOD: I have ordered everything from Fried Rice, to "Something over rice" dishes, and, of course, the barbecue. Everything I've had so far has been, for the most part, excellent. The Yang Chow fried rice is a personal favorite and I end up ordering it almost every time I go here. It contains a combination of meats, vegetables, and some egg. There isn't a whole lot of soy sauce, but that's the beauty of the dish..that it still comes out with such a good flavor. The barbecued duck has to be my most favorite of the barbecue dishes. There is an option to have it served alone or over white rice with a side of Chinese broccoli. Either way, you're in for a treat. What I like about this is that it is bursting with flavor. I check my shame at the door because when I have my duck here, I enjoy all of it =) SERVICE: The servers have been attentive and friendly lately. My glass of water has been kept full without me having to ask (which, by the way, is a HUGE indicator of service for me). Also, the food comes out extremely quickly...so if you come hungry, your food is just minutes away! APPEARANCE: Sun Wah's new location offers an open, clean, and modern look. The high ceilings with exposed beams are a nice touch and set this restaurant apart from the other Chinese restaurants in the Chicago area. I've never had to wait for seating here because there are just so many seats available. FINAL THOUGHTS: If you're looking for authentic-tasting Chinese cuisine, this is definitely a place you should check out. Although it is street parking, it is not nearly as challenging to find parking here as it is in Chinatown...at least in my experience. Another plus is that the pricing here is more than reasonable...it's downright cheap. The barbecue over rice dishes range average around $5 or $6. Can't go wrong...
