I had such high hopes for The Purple Pig and wanted SO badly to like it that I think I got a little carried away with my expectations. My posse and I chose The Purple Pig to have dinner at before going to Avenue Q a few Saturdays ago. We got there around 5:45 pm hoping that we could beat some of the dinner crowd. We were mildly successful, as we were squished, er...seated at one of the tall communal tables in the center of the small-ish restaurant after about 20 mins. I'm still trying to decide if it was just part of the experience, the night, or something else, but the service was below average at best. After we sat down and were given our menus, it was probably about 15 mins before our waitress came over to ask for our order. Since it's obviously awkward to order at a communal table, and it was loud in there, she came to my side of the table and said "Hey guys" and just stood there. Uh....after a few moments of awkward silence I asked her about the menu...what she recommended for our cheese plate, if we ordered everything at once, etc. She was a little TOO casual about the ordering process and didn't really give many helpful suggestions, like how much food would probably be enough for our party of four. I ordered our cheese plate, Prosciutto di Parma the Pork Fried Almonds with Rosemary & Garlic and Prosciutto Bread Balls to start. She didn't ask if we wanted drinks...so I had to flag her down again, then two more times to ask her for the water that was only delivered to two of us when we first sat down. Our food came decently fast. The cheese plate was delicious, even though we had to ask for more bread because they have only given us three small slices (for four people?!?). The Pork Fried Almonds were sinfully salty, greasy and good. The bread balls were smaller than I thought they would be, but crispy and satisfying nonetheless. Our second round was the Pork Blade Steak with 'Nduja & Honey, Pig's Tails Braised in Balsamic and Milk Braised Pork Shoulder with Mashed Potatoes. The braised pork shoulder was by far my favorite...tender and flavorful and the mash potatoes made a perfect dipping sauce. The Pork Blade was a little dry for me, and the pigs tails were okay--but I felt there wasn't much meat to them to make them a plate on their own. I would have thought all that would have been enough for four people- but I should put a big emphasis on the fact that they were small plates. I was actually still a little hungry, and for each of us to have paid around $35 bucks I would have hoped that we would have at least been full, if not stuffed. Duh, we could have ordered more...but it was time to get to the play. I think our entire experience might have been a bit better if the service had been a bit better. At least I can say I've been!
