I am completely devastated right now. I've gone to Lockdown multiple times to watch games and have drinks with friends, always in parties of 6 or more. Tonight was the first time I've ever eaten there. I had what was called 'Hawaii 5.0'. This was the first burger I've ever eaten with two proteins on it. I ordered along with two other guys sitting at the table... I was the first one done with my burger. Needless to say, I'd put that amazing god-like creation in the top three best burgers I've ever had in my life. Now, I'm sure you're asking yourself, "Then why is she giving it three stars instead of five?????" And here is my rant - read it only if you want to hear my complaint. Skip to the end if you just want the bottom line. My boyfriend and I planned on leaving our group, so we asked for our bill. The waitress said, "I can't split checks." And then she walked off. Well, that was strange because we've split checks multiple times before, so we were confused as to what was going on. When one of our friends walked up to the bar to ask why, before he could finish his question, she snapped that she couldn't split checks and that it clearly stated so on the menu. She brought us a menu and pointed out exactly were it said that. Okay. After asking the bartender/manager (let's just call him BM), we found out that they can't SPLIT checks, but you can SPLIT the check onto multiple cards. I have no problem busting out a calculator, doing math, and writing down my total on the back of the check to make it easier for the waitress... IF she had explained this to us, it would have made for a whole different situation. But she didn't and we became irritated because clearly we're dumb and easily confused. We did our math, wrote down the numbers, handed over 3 cards, and then watched as she swiped each of them while simultaneously complaining to the BM about us. BM (I hope you're saying bowel movement in your head, because I am) then came up to our table to deliver our separated tickets and basically say, "Sorry about the trouble, but don't take it out on the waitress." Excuse me, sir, but do you know how unprofessional your waitress was?? I understand she's the only one there and she's pretty slammed, but if she was good at her job, she would have taken the 20 seconds to explain to us the new split-check-rules and this whole mess could have been avoided. Minus one star for the waitress being a jerk and another for BM making us feel like we did something wrong. The burgers are great. Beer selection is pretty good. Great deals on the weekdays. But I won't be going back for a while because I'm so salted by the awful experience I just had. I already miss you, Hawaii 5.0.
