A few things... 1. Price was good for location. On Michigan Ave across from the park. $139 per night is what I paid. Overnight parking is $28, also pretty good for downtown Chicago.  2. Room was small, but clean and well decorated. I was on the 4th floor facing the parking garage across the alley. Windows opened, so that was nice. View, not so good and sort of noisy, but it's an alley and to be expected. I'm not bothered by much, though. 3. No late night room service! For me this is a downer. I love getting room service at 2 a.m. and for a hotel in that area it is really a shame. I did order room service, but I didn't feel the choices were that great. I got chicken strips and fries, so it's hard to really judge...what do you expect. I will say that Hardee's has better chicken strips. These were over-breaded. I think I paid $15 for an order of five with fries. I understand room service comes with a cost, so I got what I expected. 4. No internet without extra charge. This is something that really aggravates me about higher-end hotels. I can go to the Super 8 and get free Internet service that works great, but then when I stay at "better" places they try to charge me $15-25 extra a day. With the cost of Internet being what it is today, I know it isn't that costly and there are ways to secure it so not everyone is using it without being a guest. I find it ridiculous. I know there are some costs to the initial installation, etc. however, who doesn't use the internet? I use my mobile hotspot on my Droid and it works fine, but I'm still grouchy about this and it's not just with this hotel.  5. Service was friendly, but my room wasn't made up until 4:00 pm on the days I was there. I just like to have it done while I'm out and not come back to the room and it still not be finished. I know, it's a minor complaint, but that's what's important to me. Summary...for the price and the location I give it that. I guess everything else falls under the, "you get what you pay for" line. It is a nice, clean place and I didn't see any ghosts.
