My review is based on a one time visit and also a couple factors that may or may not have hindered my overall dining experience here. First - parking is impossible so either be prepared to valet which I ended up doing after driving around for 15-30 min, or park in the garages near by. But that is not in their control either way.... Second- I would suggest coming on a week night if possible, because when I came it was a Friday and that was bad news. The waiting area was over crowded all the way into the bar area which was equally as crowded. Beside coming on a weekend it was also restaurant week at the same time so that I'm sure made for it being extra super crowded. Aside from the lack of room to breathe, once we got our table things got a little better. In total I was with a table of 4 other girls, with me at the far end of the table.  Food: The selection of appetizers was not what I expected. You have the typical salad variations, cold meats and cheeses, some sushi, and some veggies and really, that's what can I remember. Maybe I missed it but I was hoping there would be some soup or something. It just seemed a little bit lacking as far as selections go. After finishing that we were ready for the meats! The selection of meats brought to our table seemed to be small and also not the best I have had in comparison to some other Brazilian steakhouses. I like my meat med rare and most meats were on the med side. Service: I understand that it was a busy night for them and I'm willing to put that aside but what confused and then eventually annoyed me was the servers would bring their meats to both ends of the table only some of the time. The majority of the time they would ask the closer end and then not really even listen to see if the opposite end would like some before leaving. We really didn't have a lot of people at our table so I don't think that it would much of a hassle if they went all the way around our table instead of just staying at one end. After two failed attempts to get the meat I was waiting for, I no longer even wanted it any more. I guess a positive was that they were really good at keeping our glasses full of water and also replenishing the bread basket. And for dessert we tried the tiramisu and flan- I recommend the flan out of the two.
