I've been wanting to try Sprout for quite some time as a HUGE Top Chef fan and I really enjoyed Dale when he was on the show. He was just so gosh darn likeable! When a Gilt City deal popped up for $78 for 2 starters, 2 entrees, an intermezzo course with sparkling wine pairing and two desserts, I jumped on it! When we arrived at the restaurant at 7pm, we were surprised it wasn't packed to the brim and there were just a couple other tables seated. We valeted our car for $10 (he had us pay before he parked our car which was weird) and he parked our car right across the street as someone pulled out, dang nabbit! Sprout is GORGEOUS! The restaurant is just beautiful in the main dining room and amazingly decorated. It has a organic yet elegant feel with a lot of natural light pouring into the dining room. The atmosphere and decor is just awesome and I absolutely loved it. The service was spotty. The person I would like to call a maitre d (but is not quite the right word in this instance) was on top of everything. He knew what was going to every table and was walking around every so often to check where everyone was in different courses. The servers were all very nice but at one point brought the wrong food out to our table at which point we saw the normal $12 rhubarb portion had 3 donuts included and when they brought us out the correct order for us we only had 2 donuts. It made me wonder how much smaller all of our portions were on the Gilt City deal and if it truly was a deal in the end. My guess is no and we probably broke even but it did get us in the restaurant finally! There was also some kind of huge iced tea shortage or chilling issue which our waiter was extremely apologetic about but my friend didn't get his iced tea until we were almost done with our entrees. Apparently they had to ice it as it was warm which is okay as they explained it to us....but because of the long wait it may have been a nice gesture to take the tea off our bill. Of course I'm not holding that against them though. Now on to the food! Dale has been extremely creative in his dishes and hits some out of the park. Some of the others end up being overcrowded with ingredients and simply missed the mark for me. Bread & spread included with meal - Loved it! The bread was absolute delicious and I loved the spread to put on it! We devoured it up! Foie Gras $15 - We ordered this to add on our to our special menu and I honestly could have skipped it. It was so rich and a bit too sweet for me. In my opinion it didn't highlight the main ingredient properly as the foie gras was in mousse form and the plate was just packed with ingredients like bananas, mushrooms, miso, walnut bread, and cocoa nib- it overwhelmed my taste buds. Licorice Salad $10 - Holy licorice! This salad was TOO much! I could only eat a few bites and then couldn't touch it. Presentation was gorgeous-it was on all dishes actually. But this was just way too licoricey! It was pretty inedible. English Pea Soup $8 - An amazing soup! They go fancy and pour the cold soup right at your table. It's such a good pea soup, words can't quite describe it properly but we both loved this mucho. Salmon $19 - Meh. The salmon itself was perfectly cooked and I enjoyed it. Once again though, way too many ingredients on the plate and I didn't find they meshed well together at all. The salmon in the dish was enjoyable for me but the other components simply were not. Ricotta $18 - AMAZING! I loved my friend's ricotta so very much. It was two pieces of the pasta but man was it good! I wish I would have got this dish instead of the salmon and would highly recommend it to others. Intermezzo Round of Celery Gelato - It was a good palate cleanser and served it's purpose but I'm not a fan of celery and did not enjoy this. My friend absolutely loved this. To me all I could taste was celery and to have it in gelato form was just not good for me at all. Rhubarb Dessert $12 - Good, not great. Nothing I would write home. Chocolate Dessert - Tons of components once again. These elements on their own ranged from not good to good but when all put together in one bite, tasted great! Sprout is a beautiful restaurant with some dishes being amazing and a lot of the dishes underwhelming. I'd go again and try new dishes but would not get the foie gras, licorice salad, salmon, celery gelato, rhubarb or chocolate dessert again.
