My first ever five-star rating! There were 10 of us in the group dining at Carnivale, so we got to order an array of dishes - and NONE could even be considered average. Everything was delicious. We had the ahi tuna ceviche and the Ropa Viejo for starters. The ahi tuna ceviche was really refreshing. The crunch of the jicama, the creaminess of the avocado and the firm flesh of the ahi tuna all provided for a fresh and amazing texture experience for your palate. The Ropa Viejo on the other hand was deliciously flavorful. The sweetness and softness of the plantains counteracted the richness of the mayonnaise and the heavy texture of the beef. For my entree, I had the primerib. I was rendered speechless. Actually, we all were speechless after taking the first bite off our entrees. One, we were all that hungry. Two, they were all that good. Being in great company, we started offering each other a try of everyone's entrees - passing around slivers of beef, lamb and fish. Let me start off with the primerib though. Tender, well-seasoned, cooked just right. Balanced with the caramelized onions on top, and the garlic-flavored yucca under it, it was a great eat. Next, the lamb chops. Wow. Just as tender as the beef I had, and the seasoning was awesome. It had the right amount of rosemary and other spices, with a hint of the charred flavor that can only come from wood-grilling. Skirt steak - probably the one that is most value for money. At $17, this entree is a steal! It was so good I wanted to trade mine for my friend's! And I liked my dish! Lastly, the Barramundi. I've had my beef (pardon the pun) with seafood in landlocked areas. You just don't get them fresh enough. While there are lakes around Chicago and Detroit (where I came from), I still haven't found the perfectly cooked fresh fish (which is why I don't order it much). This was it. The kind of freshness I was looking for - firm flesh, not overly seasoned so the delicate flavor of the fish was intact, with just the right portion size you won't feel like someone served you what was leftover from the tail of a goldfish! Desserts (yes, I'm not done yet. lol) The flan was one of the most creamy ones I've had my whole life, and trust me, my standards for flan are quite high because my cousin makes the creamiest, melts-in-your-mouth flan. (Hopefully, by publicly praising her, she'll eventually give me the recipe! It's called bribery and it works.) The caramel syrup drizzled on it was not too overpowering either (which is normally the case with restaurant-served flans. Either the caramel or the vanilla just destroys the custard itself!) We also got the molten chocolate cake, but before I could even get my hands on it, the plate was already a mess of crumbs and melted ice cream. I guess it was good. I had sangria for drinks. Two, actually. So yes, it's worth ordering too. It's a good accompaniment to the dishes they serve, because the alcohol won't destroy your taste buds such that you won't appreciate the food as much. Overall, Carnivale was definitely a festival of flavors that I will always go back to and recommend.
