Go ahead, Play with your food! That's what chef Grant Achatz and the Alinea staff invite you to do. Play. Think. Engage. This is not just a meal, it's an experience and should be treated as such. We brought a camera (no flash) and a small moleskin to jot down impressions. (for those who feel awkward about bringing a camera, note that by the end of the night your less intrepid fellow diners will be jealous - a woman sitting at the table next to us gave us her e-mail address and asked us to e-mail her our pictures).  The meal was superb. Although I enjoyed nearly everything I consumed, I want to call special attention to the frozen pea puree course and the Earl Grey course. The frozen pea puree was like getting a garden in a glass, the flavors and textures managed to be both interesting and delicious. This is especially noteworthy because I hate peas. Additionally, the Earl Grey dessert course was amazing. A visual display of both vibrant and subdued color coupled with a host of different flavors and textures to try together or individually. Again, I should mention that I hardly ever drink tea, and of the teas I have tried I really detest Earl Grey. How amazing that a chef can deconstruct a flavor that I hate and reinvent it into something that I LOVE. The experience has actually made me want to re-visit Earl Grey tea and try it again while thinking about all the flavors in this dish. One other must-note is the self-assembly spring roll.  I love spring rolls so this was "no-brainer" delight for me. Not only do the bold colors and flavors stand out in this dish, but the ability to choose your own components (I recommend everything) and put it together yourself adds an element of whimsy and participation. It made me realize that many of these courses are not just a one-way delivery of a meal from the kitchen. They are more like plated conversations. The staff is not just creating FOR you, but you are creating something together; experimenting together. I found the service impeccable, but the constant switching of servers made it a little difficult to develop a rapport with one. That being said, having two members of the kitchen staff compose the last course for you (quite a visual display!) table-side was a great touch and a nice way to directly talk to someone working in that artist's studio they call a kitchen.
