We came here with another couple on a Friday night and had the best time! We had a 7:30 PM reservation and were seated right on time. We started off with the bacon wrapped scallops, which was SO good! The bacon was crispy on the outside and the scallop was perfectly cooked. We also had the Baked Goat Cheese with flatbread and that was equally as tasty. The flat bread was really light and freshly baked and you really can never go wrong with baked goat cheese! For our mains, I had the parmesan crusted cod with the au gratin potatoes as my side. The fish was delish!!! The parmesan crust was crispy and the fish was nice and tender and perfectly cooked. The cod tasted just as good without the crust as it did with the crust. My boyfriend had the ribeye, I wanna say, and he loved his as well. I'm not a big red meat eater, so I didnt try his, BUT I had some of his mushrooms and those were SOO good. Love mushrooms! For dessert we had the trio, a mini ice cream sandwich, a mini peanut butter pie and a mini key lime pie. All three were very good! My boyfriend also ordered a chocolate covered pretzel stick that he saw in one of the other desserts. The waiter was a little rude about the order, and when we got our desserts his pretzel was missing. We mentioned it to the waiter and he brought it right over. This is where things started to go down hill. We didnt really care for our waiter all night, he maybe stopped at our table 3 times. To take our wine order, to take our app order and to take our dinner order. We were having a good time, so didn't pay too much attention to it. There were 4 of us and we ordered a couple rounds of drinks, a bottle of wine and dessert. By no means were we being cheap. When we got the bill, it was quite pricey, obviously, but we noticed that he had charged us $1 for the pretzel that a. he had forgotten to bring and b. its a chocolate covered pretzel and we had just spent $300 dining there...you couldn't throw in the pretzel for free?? Needless to say we each tipped him a dollar less for that pretzel ;) The food was delish, the atmosphere is so much fun, but that night we definitely had an off waiter. Also, on Fridays there are $5 martinis at the bar! Cant beat it!! Definitely a good time was had by all.
