210 Reviews. Already. Pfft. Therefore, Revolution Brewing = The Next Hot Doug's. Better listen up then or be tragically left in the craft beer dust. I hit up this new, hip Logan Square hot spot (that's becoming a pattern, ain't it?) on one of our balmy Summer-esque nights recently and let me tell ya, it was the perfect place to be! Huge windows opened to the street, glorious draft beer flowing like a river, tasty bites passing excitedly chatty lips... truly, the epitome of an ideal city night. Taking a cue from the popularity of our local brewery/pubs, Revolution has turned up the heat on the formula of microbrew + gastrofare + social gathering spot and left its competitors way, way, way back in the dust. Granted, some of their bites could use thoughtful tweaking, but the beer is spot on. My short list of things to love (and things to avoid) at RBC... LOVE: 1. Beer. A doi. The orange wheat Belgian 'Bottom Up Wit' with hints of spice and coriander downright rocks as does the uberhoppy 'Iron Fist Pale Ale' and, my fav, the amazingly smooth and lovely 'Coup D' Etat' French saison. Mais Oui! 2. Pizza. House-fired in a beautiful brick oven, these are an undeniably melty, gooey, crispy, perfect accompaniment to your drinks. After all, what on Earth goes better with beer than pizza? 3. Sandwiches. Especially the meaty, spicy, HUGE, Smoked Pulled Pork sammie on a huge brioche bun and accompanied by honey-jalapeno slaw and your choice of three infallible sides (psst, go for the garlic cream cheese mashed). AVOID: 1. House-made Sausage & Ham Plate. As an app, fell a bit short. Super heavy on the bread and less so on the meat. While the Jagerwurst and Schinkenspeck Ham rocked, the Thuringer tasted like baloney and the portions at $14 seemed better substituted by the Sweet Potato Cakes and PEI Mussels getting all the rave reviews. 2. Hampshire-Duroc Pork Chop. Presented absolutely beautifully yet contained a major flaw in the sage stuffing side which was completely burnt on the bottom and pork which was slightly dry. Le Sad. Overall more good than bad... lesson learned, I should have stuck to the beer bones and items that more so go with beer over fancy pants pork chops. RBC is still mighty a presence when it comes to the hoppy stuff and far cooler on the edgy scale than Goose Island could ever hope to be, expect Revo to be a perma-fixture in your upcoming Summer scene. Cheers!
