I love staying in new "concept" hotels so when Public opened last year, I wanted to check it out. We stayed for two nights and really enjoyed it but it didn't make as big as an impression on us like the Conrad and Palomar did. This is the former Ambassador hotel and Public plays with a lot of the Ambassador style. This was not a total renovation. Public simply added a few modern touches. Rooms are minimal in style but effective and comfortable. Our room had a very narrow entryway in which a room service tray could barely fit through. Doors on the closet and bathroom are the originals left over from the Ambassador so they are old and don't close very well. I love the placement of quirky photos around the room. My biggest complaint with the rooms would have to be the fairly thin walls. If the person in the next room talks slightly above a normal speaking voice be prepared to hear everything. Bathroom was small but had nice clean lines. The bathtub walls were really high for some reason. We ordered their room service, Public Express, for dinner and breakfast. While the dinner was exceptional, breakfast was just okay. Better than Burger King but I've had better at other hotels. The rest of the hotel looks great and the lobby and restaurant are packed on the weekends. Fitness center is very well equipped. But as other people have noted on here, the hallways and especially the elevators are too dark. You can't see which button to push to get to your floor. Location is nice since it's close to Michigan Avenue but not directly on the busy street. All the staff we encountered were very friendly and helpful. So why don't I love it? Like I said, Hotel Palomar and the Conrad "wow" me with their style and service. I think Public is going more for an "understated" vibe which is good. I guess I like my automatic upgrades for being a Hilton Diamond member @ Conrad. Or I look forward to my wine hour and zebra print robes @ Palomar. It's a hotel. I kind of prefer "fancy" not "understated".
