On a freezing winter evening, I was at Big Jones for a send-off dinner. It was warm and inviting. At the end of the meal, I definitely did not want to go back outside, and wished I was heading south too. So when we got there and announced ourselves to the hostess, she drew open the velvet drapes, and let us into the dining room. A bit Gone with the Wind, but I suppose a fitting welcome to the alluring room inside. To start, Crawfish Boudin, Piccalilli, Cayenne Mayo; and Oyster Stew, Fried Oysters, Tasso Ham, Crouton. The fritters were chock full of crawfish. The piccalilli gave a sharp tang to each bite. The cayenne mayo though was surprisingly bland. The oyster stew was poured tableside like a soup. On the bowl were crisp battered fried oysters, grilled brioche, and slivers of tasso ham. The stew was a thick puree that packed a punch, particularly the abundance of crushed celery seeds. Very tasty. We were also presented with 3 cornbreads and a ramekin of sweet butter. Soft pillowy sweetness. It took incredible will power not to ask for more. For entrees. Fried Catfish, Celery Root Puree, Warm Lentil & Bacon Salad, Pickled Radish; and Laughing Bird Shrimp, House Tasso Gravy, Creamy Grits. The catfish was gigantic and nicely fried. The lentil and bacon salad; I want a bowl in my hand, a big spoon on the other, stare at the snow and just spoon that lusciousness into my mouth. Over and over. The celery root puree, while rich, gave the whole dish a sharp contrast. The Shrimp & Grits was a revelation. Tender, large shrimp. A very rich gravy with mushrooms and bits of ham. And the grits! Creamy like no mashed potato can ever hope to be. Service was serviceable. We were hesitant on wine, without knowing the spiciness of the dishes we had ordered. All our waiter was able to suggest was to get a heavier white to pair with the richness of the food. Not even pointing out which ones he would maybe recommend. In the end, the Graves we picked, a dry, minerally pucker, was actually better in cutting through all that richness. Dessert looked just as rich as the savory items, if not more so. On the other hand, there were about 20 different bourbon and rye on the beverage list. Which one did I go for? The Four Roses was extra smooth. With a shot of hot water, it was my perfect amulet to go back out in the cold again. Why 3 stars? Big Jones is a nice elegant neighborhood restaurant. The room was dark and alluring. The food was rich and sumptuous. The service was efficient. If I have to give a one-sentence, I'd say it's a nice medium between Wish Bone and Table 52. It might be freezing outside, but with bourbon in hand, who's afraid of winter?
