Mrs. Francesca can cook, but she can't deliver service... My girl friend and I met up for dinner here this evening and the food could've not been more perfect. I made extra room in my tummy to finish my entree' and that doesn't happen much at Italian restaurants, but I just couldn't stop eating.They absolutely deserve 5 stars based on the deliciousness and freshness of the food. However, due to the service and the cramped seating space, they generously get 2 stars. My girlfriend and I ordered: 2 glasses of wine (each) Some amazing bruschetta app to share A chicken, mozzarella prosciutto tomato pasta entree (each) And what was supposed to be 2 Tiramasu's (one each, but our waitress mistakenly only brought us one, so we shared...which was fine, but the point being is we ordered 2) which would've been great with coffee which she never offered to us like the other tables around us were!!!The wine was perfect---refreshing, light, and smooth. Bruschetta was perfecto There are no words for how over the moon we were about the entree And the Tiramasu was hands down the best I've ever had--perfection! With what we ordered, you would think our waitress would have paid attention to us, but no such luck. She started out OK, but then PROGRESSIVELY declined...granted all the tables were full, but she only had a few tables to watch and there were 7 bus boys (we counted!) that allowed finished dirty plates to sit in front of us for over 15 minutes, water glasses (that were finally fillled at the end of the meal) and wine glasses that remained empty and never topped off, and we basically had to flag our waitress down to get her attention when we wanted more drinks, dessert (which she messed up), and our check. We did get our food fairly quickly, but we ended up waiting more than we did eating the full meal. She appeared to be more interested in 4 tops and tables with kids rather than 2 professional women dining over a 3 course meal...I was unimpressed with the service and it didn't help that we were crammed into a corner with no room to move and when bus boys were clearing plates and tables they were pretty much in your lap since there was no room to move. Normally, I am an incredibly good tipper and it is RARE for me to leave a 10% tip. Unfortunately, our lady Mrs. Francesca got to feel what that is like this evening. I am one of those people who feel you earn your tip. You shouldn't just be given a tip because you work in food service and you deal with crappy people...why? Because I work in customer service and I deal with crappy people all the time. I am expected to earn my raise; therefore, you are expected to earn your tip. You start out with 22-20% and based on the service it remains or decreases. It's surprising how much a great meal and restaurant can quickly go down in points based on a bad service experience. If you want great food and could careless about service this is your place. I haven't decided if I'll be back. If I do, I will ask to not be in her section, or sit outside....rumor is they cater, so I may use them for some of my events. We shall see...
