I went to the Las Tablas on Irving Park and used my Groupon to order dinner for one. I had been there before, and the second visit was at least as good as the first, if not better. I started out with a cheese empanada, the order actually coming with two empanadas. I've had empanadas that have used flour tortillas and have been baked, but I have to say that Las Tablas' corn flour tortillas that have been deep fried are simply scrumptious! There are two dipping sauces placed on the table; I liked the milder one that had a stronger cilantro flavor over the spicier one that had a stronger hint of jalapenos; but, to each his or her own in terms of flavor. Each was good. I also had the limonade, which is made with just the right amount of lime flavoring added to the lemon. Delicious! One can order it to be made with vodka, but I had it without. I took the combinacion that included the house special skirt steak and grilled shrimp with sides. The shrimp were sizeable and nicely grilled, but the skirt steak was simply wonderful! When the menu claimed that the skirt steak was the best they had to offer, and yet they also serve a rib eye, I wondered how that could be true; but it is! I asked for it medium rare, and it was grilled perfectly to order, and every bite was perfection! I ended the meal with a flan that was rich, creamy and flavored like mima used to make it (my adopted Cuban mother from years ago), and "Juan Valdez's Columbian coffee," which was okay, but I prefer an Ethiopian to a Columbian. I told the waiter, though, that the only thing that disappointed me was the individual-serving Coffeemate creamer with the coffee, and he mentioned that the half & half I preferred would take up too much refrigerator space. I suggested he invite the management to look into ultra-pasteurized individual serve half & half, which would be much better. Investigating online, I judge it would cost about 10 cents per serving as opposed to around 5 cents per serving for the Coffeemate, but with $2 per cup coffee, a bit more for the creamer shouldn't break the bank. All in all, this is a place I'd enjoy eating regularly and taking people to for special occasions.
