Deciding to have my wedding at the Carleton was one of the first decisions I made after getting engaged, and it turned out to be one of the best decisions I made over a year and a half of planning! We held our ceremony and reception at the hotel, since we had a decent number of out-of-town guests and I didn't want them to have to deal with driving. (And how awesome is it to be able to party all night and then just be a short elevator ride away from your room?) I know I'm a little bit biased, but my wedding was BEAUTIFUL. Everything turned out better than I ever could have hoped for. My vision for my wedding day was executed exactly; how many brides can say that? Annie Mammoser is the wedding coordinator at the hotel, and whatever they're paying her, I'm sure it's not enough, because she is amazing. Anything I wanted or needed, she was on it. She made sure all the little details were seen to........ I did not spend a single second worrying about anything on my wedding day. Even everything leading up to that (the tasting, meeting with linen rental vendor, multiple walk-throughs with my florist) was stress-free. The space is really beautiful (love the chandelier and the bar area), and it's nice to have it all to yourself (rather than being one of several weddings at a larger hotel or banquet hall). We took some beautiful pictures in front of the Marion Street entrance, and all the extra seating area made for a really fabulous cocktail hour. (The only thing I'm kind of bummed out about now is that I didn't get to have any of the awesome hors d'oeuvres we selected since I was so busy taking pictures and saying hi to everyone.) As far as cost goes - totally a bargain! 102 people for dinner, copious amounts of alcohol and hours of dancing cost us less than $10,000. Try doing that in downtown Chicago. (Not to mention the two complimentary nights in a suite that we were given. The room was amazing, and it was really nice to be comped like that.) I've now been married for a month, and my friends and family are still talking about the food (really, really delicious!), the candy buffet (set up by Annie, perfectly!), and how much fun they had (possibly due to 5 hours of open bar). A perfect setting for one of the best days of my life (so far).
