I've been meaning to check out Violet Hour since it opened a few months back as I was an old-school NYC M&H patron prior to them having a website, contact info or for that matter anything more than word of mouth, amazing drinks, and what at the time felt like a nice secret society away from all of the usual nightlife. A place where you could escape for an hour or so, enjoy conversation, and get a taste of what Prohibition-era cocktailing was all about. It was pretentious, exclusive, and perfect. I was a tad skeptical when I learned of the Violet Hour - because I always find the originals to be better than the spin-offs however, upon finding out that some of the people behind VH were from MH, my expectations were again high. We decided to finally check it out after dinner at Cafe Absinthe. We walked up to the door at about 10PM which from all the reviews seemed liked "prime time" I introduced myself to DeCarlo at the door, exchanged pleasantries and let him know that I was a patron of MH from back in the day. He explained the procedure was pretty much the same and couldn't seat incomplete parties (we were waiting for two friends to join us) - he asked for our cell # and said it would be about 20 minutes. He also said this to the 5 or so other parties that arrived before us. Having been involved in both NY nightlife and Chicago nightlife for longer than I care to say, I knew this wasn't going to be the case. When our friends arrived, I gave D the "nod" letting him know we were all there and within 5 seconds we were escorted inside. For people that complain about waiting to get in here or anywhere in this city for that matter, you just have to know the game. I havent waited on a line in 12 years and this has nothing to do with being a dbag that pays off doormen. Be nice, be cordial, find a commonality, act as if, and you're solid. If you cant pull any of that off, why are you going out in the first place? Once inside, the vibe was very MH. I loved it immediately. We had a nice corner booth, tucked away, private and comfortable. The music was low and unimportant as it serves as background to conversation and little else. The waitress was friendly, informative, and knowledgeable and made great wine selections to the girls even though I tried my best to tell them to have a cocktail since that is what VH is all about. I opted for the summer sidecar which was delicious and then opted for a second one even though my initial plan was to try a few different things. We didn't have a ton of time to stay that night, so we left after two rounds - in my opinion its not a place to stay for more than 2 hours or so anyway, but next time around I will surely branch out and give some different cocktails a try. This place is a rare, purposely hidden gem in Chicago and I recommend it greatly.
