After years of wanting to, I'm so happy to have finally made it to one of Bayless' restaurants. There was a roughly 20 minute wait in line for our party, but it didn't feel terribly long; we somehow seemed to get in ahead of the lunch crowd. On the plus side, that gave me plenty of time to absorb the menu and decide. While I finally decided on the Choriqueso torta and an Aztec hot chocolate, I was also able to sample the Ahogada and Milanesa tortas, Carnitas caldo, and churros. The chorizo wasn't as spicy or greasy as others I've had, but the roasted poblanos and onions made up for the spiciness; the tomatillo salsa it comes with added nice contrast, though, particularly from the fresh taste of cilantro. It was a pretty good sandwich, but after half I'd had enough and wanted a change of flavors. I'm honestly not even sure why I picked this as chorizo anything is not on the top of my fav meats The hot chocolate was decadently thick and rich (with an interestingly sour/fruity tang to it), but too much so for my tastes--it was like a cup of melted dark chocolate, which is not something I've developed a taste for yet. While I couldn't detect any chile or allspice, another person I was with tried it and said it had a kick, so maybe our tastebuds processed it differently? Don't freak out over how small the cup it's served in is, anything larger and you'd probably make yourself sick from this stuff. The Milanesa was good, especially if you want something on the more mild end of things. Totally was not expecting it to made with what was essentially a chicken schnitzel. Definitely not a bad thing to me. Now the carnitas--that's the stuff dreams are made of. Big chunks of tender, juicy pork were to be found in the Ahogada and Carnitas caldo. But beware if spicy is not your thing--the tomato sauce of the Ahogada and the broth of the caldo pack a serious punch, even for people who are used to spicy stuff (like the people I went with). And those churros? *unintelligble sounds of delight* They're brought out fresh and hot with a thick chocolate dipping sauce. These actually aren't overly sweet despite being coated in crunchy sugar, cinnamon, and a touch of ground chocolate. I really hope I'm able to go back because I felt like I made lackluster choices for my tastes and the years of wait probably boosted my expectations way too high. Aside from that, it's really nice to see a chef of his caliber (and one of my top favs) offering their quality creations at a reasonable/accessible price and not skimping on the portions.
