2.5 stars for poor wait service and being non-verbally rushed. Front door staff was very nice but our server for the evening brought this place down at least 1 star. We had 7:30 reservations. Ordered a drink at the bar and sat at 7:50 because they were clearing the table. The server mentioned that the couple prior to us was lingering a bit long. Were out of there by 9:20 not by choice but because the server didn't offer us dessert nor a drink at any other point in the evening. She recommended everything on the menu, or nothing on the menu...depending on how you look at it. This place was WAY overbooked and when they make the environment so cozy and warm, one wants to stay and have a 2 hour meal/drinks. I can only imagine the same hostess complaining about us to the next group of patrons...they are lingering too long. Food was very good. The pot roast was awesome and so was the rabbit pasta. Beets were just okay...too acidic...needed to be "cut" with some goat cheese or more nuts. Our server told us ALL the pastas were creamy...in response to my asking is this pasta cream-based? She had no clue what she was talking about. The rabbit pasta was creamy but because of all the delicious butter and garlic! Don't have high expectations if you want a place you feel you are entitled to linger at or for dates (like I was on). Cool space/lighting. Very good food. I can't tell you anything about the wine list or desserts because I never was offered the option to consider it. Oh, and they should put a sign up for the washrooms that points you down the stairwell...you have to assume you are to walk behind a curtain, down a flight of stairs and around two corners before walking to the end of a long hall. :-) Will go again to give it another go...but on a weekday night when I will likely have more time to sit and enjoy my food and experience.  If the manager cares to contact me, I would be happy to give more feedback because I like the space and it's a great location to be a regular spot.
