Whenever I am in Chicago, hungry, and have time, I look for restaurants bustling with people. It is my theory that the good restaurants are the crowded restaurants. XOCO held true to my theory.*While standing in line for 40 minutes, I was able to have a long look at the menu. I commend XOCO for this; the menu was a ten-foot wide billboard that could be seen from fifty feet away. When I finally arrived at the register, I ordered the Choriqueso for $9. The Choriqueso is a type of Torta consisting of homemade chorizo sausage, roasted poblano, artisan jack cheese, and tomatillo salsa. If you are like me, and like sausage, then this will be the best Torta you will ever eat. It is that simple. The cool and acidic tomatillo salsa contrasts the warm and smooth artisan jack cheese perfectly- both of which augment the phenomenal sausage. It must be from some obscure farm. I have cooked sausage from Bobak's, Dean and Deluca's, and Casey's- and non has ever tasted like this sausage. I was really able to taste the quality of the meat. The chef, a former Iron Chef, knows what he is doing. He certainly had a good recipe, and used quality ingredients. While eating my Choriqueso, I overheard the table next to me obsessing about their exotic hot chocolates. After thirty seconds of my eavesdropping, I found myself regretting not placing an order for one. The four old ladies were absolutely raving about the texture and flavor. This is the best cocoa I have ever had. Coming from a grandma, who has most likely gone through a lot of hot cocoas, I confidently declare that the hot chocolate from XOCO must be pretty darn good. If it were not for my dentist appointment, I would have gone back in line and waited another 40 minutes for one. Do not let the thought of hispanic-hot-cocoa deter you.Overall, XOCO has some of the best Mexican food out there. If you are like me, and willing to wait for your meal, then you will not be disappointed. Although you can order 30 different meals from Taco Bell in the time it will take you to order one meal from XOCO, I guarantee you will leave XOCO at least 31 times more satisfied. A good Choriqueso will (possibly) be in your stomach, and (hopefully) a mug of hot chocolate will be in your hand. *On my way out I asked an employee if they are always crowded, and she replied, Unless it tuesday past 3. So that might be a good time to aim for.
