Last October, my 16 year-old and I visited Frontera for the first time, and we were smitten. E. was dubious at first, but by the end of the evening was raving and declared it worth standing in line for. He was so enthusiastic about it that we took the whole fam - plus the eldest's girlfriend! - this past Saturday. Like E., everyone else rapidly agreed that it was worth standing in line for a table, even after running all over the city all day! Our server's name was Pancho, and he was wonderful. His warm demeanor and obvious pride in the place made him a delight, and made it very easy for T., the eldest's girlfriend, to ask him questions about the menu. He suggested we start with the Sopes Rancheros, and T. also chose the Queso Fundido de Borrego. Both of these dishes were so complex and tasty, we ended up sad that they were only appetizers, we could have easily eaten more of those. My Blood Orange Margarita was a sweet and refreshing delight, and I found my husband's CBG interesting and tasty. A. and T. had Scarlet Waves, which were fruity and delicious, and E.'s Limeade was tart and crisp. A., E., and I all had Tacos al Carbon - A. had the duck, I had the pork, and E. had the beef, and we all passed bites around. The duck was so tender and juicy, I was ready to hop over the table and steal my son's dinner. My pork was perfectly seasoned, moist, and delicious. E. was very pleased with his tender, melt-in-your-mouth beef, gorgeous and a little sweet. Pancho was very observant, and kept bringing fresh tortillas unbidden. We appreciated his careful attention. T. chose the Enchiladas de Norteos, stuffed with zesty shredded beef, covered with a rich sauce, creamy cheese, and garnished with onion straws. It was a little spicier than what she usually eats, but she tucked in with gusto, exclaiming gleefully with every bite. My husband had the Pollo al Cascabel, and was blown away. The chicken was tender and succulent, and paired incredibly well with the hazelnut sauce. Seriously, hazelnuts and chicken? Wonderful together. In spite of being stuffed to the gills, we did have dessert: Pastel de Chocolate y Cacahuate for A. and T.; Capirotada de Pascua for hubby and me; Duo de Flanes for E. I also had a cup of Cafe de Olla - sweet and fruity, with no need for additional sugar, and no need for milk at all. We passed the desserts around the table, and marveled at the richness and complexity of all of them. It was T.'s very first visit to Chicago ever, and adding a visit to Frontera made it even more exciting. You WILL wait to be seated, and if you're foolish enough to show up after the first seating has begun, you will wait A LONG TIME. Patience will pay off, however, with some of the best Mexican food you're ever likely to find this far removed from Mexico.
