I've been here a few times, probably not for at least a year or two, as the last time was mediocre. I revisited last night upon a friend's insistence. It was, well, bland and unsatisfying. It all began with the bread. I expected some type of flaky Cuban style bread, like they use in the sandwiches. It was like a typical lousy "Italian" style, grocery store cottony bread with no personality. I never understand why an upscale place doesn't serve warm bread, that would have helped. Adding insult, it was served with a cold (a pet peeve) butter that was super spicy, sickeningly sweet but somehow managed to not have any flavor at all. I ordered the house salad with the citrus dressing: 25 cents worth of soggy greens, waaay too much dressing, a few scattered tiny tomato bits and some minute crumbs of some unintelligible white cheese (it seemed like cheese). Ate about half of it, getting dressing overload, handed it to my friend to finish. Then came the Cuban Style Chicken. Sounds like a good way to go, right? Two words...bland and tough. Nothing going for it at all. It was a nice "on the bone" breast cut. I expected it to have been moist, tasty, crispy and exotic, or some combo thereof....maybe bathed in a tasty tantalizing sauce. That was just a silly fantasy. It was like you went to KFC, pulled off the breading and stuck it on a plate. Although KFC's would have been less dry. I then asked our server, who was super nice, if they had any sauce or something I could put on it (to make it edible). She brought out this watery garlicky broth, which was, well, just weird and again bland. This chicken was served on a side dish which tasted basically like mashed up beans and rice, again bland. With a few token string beans on top of the whole deal. It was served with plantain slices which were fine (although have never been a fan of these greasy, burned overrated bananas). My friend had the salmon, which was a small piece that was OK served with what I believe was an Israeli cous cous type gelatinous cube. Like a savory tapioca type item, again however, very bland. The whole event made me wish I would have just ordered a Cuban sandwich, which I do like, and I'm sure they couldn't mess up. The server took the chicken off the bill and I couldn't get out of there fast enough. As we left I passed a huge crowd which had developed waiting to get in...I felt like saying "go to Cafe LaGuardia!" Have always had great food there!
