I was excited to try Salam for the first time over the weekend so I was pretty disappointed to find out they were closed for renovations. However, in the tradition of turning lemons into lemonade, I discovered Noon-o-Kabab. I was looking for something quick so when I saw Noon-o-Kabab's take out annex across the street (I think they also run their catering business out of there) I figured it was worth a shot. When I walked in I was immediately greeted by the elderly owner who insisted I have some tea while I wait for my order. I have to say sipping the aromatic tea (with a sugar cube under my tongue) was the perfect way to pass the time while they grilled up my kabobs. I was in the mood for Lebanese food when I walked in so I ordered the hummus and the baba ghannoush, though in hind sight I wish I had ordered the more authentically Persian dishes. Nonetheless both were quite good. The hummus was smooth and creamy, though not as garlicky as I like it. The baba was the best I've had in Chicago (granted I haven't had too many good babas in Chicago). Smokey and spiced, with just enough olive oil flavor to carry the strong smoked eggplant flavor. They were served with excellent and soft pita bread that was perfectly charred on the edges. I've had so much bad pita in Chicago I couldn't tell you how happy I was to get some fresh bread. I did order some Persian dishes too. I got an order of the borani which was made with creamy, thick yogurt and plenty of garlic. Of course, the main attraction was the kubideh (similar to kofte). The meat was tender and blended perfectly with light onion and spices. The key to great kubideh is to let the taste of the grilled ground beef do the talking, and this version was right on the money. It was served with either saffron rice or dill rice, so naturally I asked for half and half. The rice was fluffy and buttery but not swimming in oil which would've over powered the meat. And of course the grilled tomatoes were exactly what a proper kubideh needs on the side. I'm still looking forward to visiting Salam but I can't say I'm at all disappointed to happen across Noon-O-Kabab. It was quick, affordable, and delicious. I'll be back.
