So I would say the only downer about Hopleaf is the wait time, but hey I mean it is actually really worth it! So we went here last night, and it was my second time being here. The last time, we went on a weekend and it was two hour wait, so I guess our 40 minute wait this time was a big improvement. (ok and I guess the smaller party of four helped out with that too) We shared the mussels (belgain style) appetizer for two and the grilled shrimp to start. The mussels for two were plently for our table of four to share, the white wine broth is delicious and I wanted to drink it, but I thought that would look bad at the table so I settled for pouring large quantities of the broth on my plate so I could soak it up with my bread.  The mussels come with pomme frites that feel like they just came out of the deep fryer and when you dip the hot crispy fry into the garlicy aoli that comes with the mussels, you feel like you are in fry heaven! It doesn't matter that you know it is totally not good for you, you just want to know when you have the next fry! I didn't care too much for the grilled shrimp, it was literally just grilled shrimp and they only gave you three of them, not so good for a party of four!  Entree wise, I had the duck ruben - it was probably the BEST ruben I have ever had...funny that it is a duck ruben...but everything about this ruben is awesome. From the bread that is perfectly toasted, yet still soft and buttery, to the thick juicy pieces of duck wedged in the swiss cheese that is melted just so, to the tangy tartness of the sauerkraunt, this ruben kicks butt! I had the other half for leftovers today and I am sad that it is all gone. Plus the ruben comes with MORE fries and that yummy garlicy aoli sauce. My friend had the trout, I had a bite of it and that was really fresh and well done. Trout is hard to prepare in a restaurant and Hopleaf managed to pull it off. It was not dry at all, and you could taste how fresh it was, the combination of the cold curry cucumber salad coupled with the hot tender trout was soo yummy! I only wish that hopleaf was closer to my place and didn't require such a long wait, but hey it is totally worth it!
