In high school I convinced myself I will never EVER like beer. However, in high school I was chubby from drinking Smirnoff, Jose cuervo, miller lite ( when I had to). Flash forward six years and here I am, sober as a motha-fcuka. It literally takes me one alcoholic beverage to knock me off my feet (yeah, cheap date woo). I went from a girl who can drink any guy under the table to a girl who falls off of tables after a cranberry vodka. So here I am legal to drink & with an app like yelp I can find a place like Bad Apple. Remembering I convinced myself I will never EVER like beer, I get handed a beer list when I sit down. I give it back, but soon I feel like I am missing out on something. I ask for the beer menu back. I have no idea what I am getting myself into. The waitress suggests a good one for my taste, 5 Rabbit is the craft beer name and it is on tap Ha-leh-LOO! It came in a nice decent size glass for only $5! Steal for a deal this place is already. And the best thing is that our waitress, Kate hit the nail right on the head with 5 rabbit. It was smooth, crisp. I can taste the honey and hibiscus in the beer and it was 9%, but it did not hit me until later. I savored my first one and drank the second one down like it was no body's business. The beer list is amazing; it is about 2-3 pages long and in 8pt font print. So there is definitely something worth trying, even in a 1oz. or you can do a beer flight to see what you like before ordering a glass. The food. Ugh... the food. We order Cheese Curds, which are basically mozzarella cheese in a beer batter tempura-like ca-coon with a side of "the good kind of ranch". I didn't order a burger and neither did the boy. He ordered the Chicken Wrap with chipotle fries and I order the Tom Tom. My tom tom was appetizing and my truffle fries paired nicely. The tom tom has turkey breast, crispy bacon, piece of avocado, some sort of mayo spread, and lettuce all on wheat bread. Honestly, cheese curds and craft beer would have sufficed but I wanted to splurge and our server was so helpful she made the food sound VERY tempting. This is definitely a place where everyone can enjoy either a good burger/sandwich, or simply a place to hang out and try out a new beer. I know nothing about beer (recall my introduction), however what I do know is that if beer tastes like that then count me in for some more rounds. However, do not count me in for a beer belly... I ain't that cray cray. I never thought I could like a beer so much... until I met bad apple... and he sure is a bad- ass boy.
