Something different. Something tasty. Reasonably priced. Great flavor. If that's what you're looking for, head to Demera. Came here with a handsome gentlemen over the weekend to use up a good old Yelp Deal :) Had reservations for 7:30 pm (through Opentable), and it was a full house! Service was pokey. Well, for everyone except the water server, who was making rounds like a mad man (thank you!). We were seated against a wall in the back dining area by the bathroom hallway with just one menu (annoying, and we didn't get another menu until a good 10 minutes after we were seated and I asked for one again). Anyway, once we finally both had menus and looked things over, we started with an order of chicken sambussa (excellent! flavorful chicken/veg filling, spicy dipping sauce) and this honey wine I've read so much about in previous reviews. The wine took a while to get out to us, and when it finally arrived I was more than ready for it. It's served in unmarked glass wine bottles (are they actually making this here?), it was perfectly chilled, and was strong and sweet with a very unique taste. I do recommend it if/when you're here! The sweetness is a great combo to combat the spiciness of the food, really nice pairing.  We opted for a 3 meat/3veg messob platter, served with that delightfully fluffy/spongy bread, which I realized has the same texture as those awesome velveteen blankets I love so much. I mean that in the best way possible. I like the bread, really.  Our dipping materials: - mild chicken drumstick with hard-boiled egg (can't really dip/pick up well, but we made it work) - beef & spicy lamb - yellow peas (my favorite of the veg., great curry-like flavor, chunky texture) - garbanzos (spicier than I thought! but good...) - potatoes & carrots (THAT was fun, trying to scoop up / eat a rather large potato with our hands... could we get this cubed please?) This is one of those mighty impressive dinner table pics, once the full platter arrived with nice salad garnish in the center, our basket of bread to the side, our honey wine bottle and glasses - ah.. perfect!  Everything was super flavorful, well presented, filling and delicious. One of the few times I've seen my date throw in the towel before finishing everything. Service was pokey to start, but they finished strong and did improve throughout the dinner. I'd definitely go back if I'm in the mood for this type of flavor and food. Yum!
