Alright so I caught this place on WTTW's Check please and I have to say it caught my attention right from the start. I also liked that it was in the Fulton Market as that is one of my all time favorite locations in Chicago. Alright so heres the break down. My GF's bday in September and she really wanted to try this place out so this was perfect timing to take her. so we took our time to get there because we don't live to far from the expressway to get there. So we got there and took about 2 minutes to find parking on the street and not have to pay for it. we went it but took some time to get seated because it seems this place is always busy which I consider a good thing. as we stood up at one of the waiting tables one of our friends came up to us and worked at the publican. started us off with some finger foods and some beers. they really do know how to make sure you get the beer that you enjoy. we finally got to our table and i have to say the menu was a little intimidating because I'm not really a big seafood guy and most of the menu was nothing but. I went ahead and made the exception to go ahead and try some new things/ seafood for the special occasion for my girlfriends birthday. we started with some sauteed corn and raw Halibut that was seasoned which actually was quite good for someone that doesn't like seafood at all. then we got our entrees which were really good i got some chicken dish but was really good even though i can not remember the name of the dish and my girlfriend had a muscle/pasta dish which i went ahead and tried with her and not too bad. From what i have been told this place is really well know for their Oysters and being raw seafood figured i would not enjoy this but went ahead and tried them anyways. this place will not be for everyone but i would say you never know about a place until you try it. I loved the Atmosphere the design of everything made you feel you were in a castles mead hall but the kitchen looks more modern then anything. The beer selection was huge but hard to choose what you want to drink but the servers know what they are talking about and can assist you with choosing one that you will enjoy. ALL around good times and experience.
