Somewhere between 3.5 and 4 based on more delicious dishes than failures. I had stayed away from the Purple Pig because of the tales of 2 hours waits. We came on a Tuesday at 5pm and the restaurant and patio were more than half full. By the time we left at 6:30, there was a line. I would definitely recommend coming at "off" hours. The place is really cute, very loud and overall quite delicious. Service was pretty good (although the tables around us seemed to get more attention than we did, but no big deal) and the food came out quickly and piping hot (where applicable). The wine list (read: book) was intimidating, but our waitress was able to recommend a great wine based on what I usually like. Now, for the food! Here it is in order of yumminess: -pork shoulder - this was fantastic. It was piping hot, impossibly tender and full of flavor. The mashed potatoes and gravy at the bottom were a great accompaniment. Delicious. -octopus - this was an afterthought, we had originally ordered 4 plates to split, but were still hungry. We were contemplating the mussels but our waitress suggested this. It was delicious. It was served in two large pieces, almost like crab legs, had a great texture (not at all chewy) and had a great citrus flavor. We thanked her for the recommendation. -artichoke with fingerling potatoes and salami - I was picturing an antipasti, but this was more like a cold salad. I really enjoyed the flavors and since the artichoke was braised, it was not briny (as it sometimes can be). The lady beside us ordered a second helping of this, so let that be a testament. -nutella, marshmallow, banana panini - it is as yummy as it sounds, I couldn't resist. I only wish there was more nutella and less marshmallow but that's a personal preference.  There were two failures of the night: -bone marrow - I am a big fan and we heard the waitress (and Yelpers) highly recommend it, so we ordered it. The marrow itself was good, served nice and hot with sea salt and french parsley (I think) which were nice additions. However, they served it with buttered toast! The bone marrow is supposed to be the main fatty attraction here, the butter really ruined it. -crispy pig's ear - I had heard great things about this so we were excited, but it was basically a bowl of grease. The ear is julienned and then the individual pieces are deep fried with kale and topped with overpoweringly vinegary giardiniera and an egg. We told the waitress it was too greasy for us and she shrugged and said ok. I had hoped they would remove it from the bill, but no such luck. Overall, the great dishes outweighed the bad so I'm recommending it.
