While guitar shopping or shopping of any kind I get hungry. So meandering through Halsted I totally walked past this place. The outside is dark, unassuming, except for the Mayan pyramid embroidered sign. However 2 things that caught my eye to turn around and walk in is 1) the smell of my childhood, the smell of Mexican food permeating through the door and onto the street was a catalyst and 2) there was a little boy sitting with his parents by the window. The place must be good if parents are willing to bring their children inside to eat at this establishment. Not to mention it he was totally adorable and frigidly cold outside. The inside is dimly lit and the dining area is small but quaint. There is a flat screen, to the salvation of my boytoy, so one was able to watch the playoffs. Plus, my favorite thing to see at 2 in the afternoon, the soft glow in the background of a full bar! The server is Mexican so he has a slight but distinct accent. Regardless, he was very Nice and answered all my questions.. Which is quite the opposite to what I am used to, the men in Mexican restaurant s are always hitting on me and mumbling vulgar comments under their breath. Complimentary chips and salsa were placed on the table.. They were really crunchy but not hard and perfectly seasoned. Some chips are either greasy and too salty or too hard and under seasoned. I ordered the Enchiladas Suizas or Swedish Enchiladas with steak as well as rice and beans, for my boytoy I ordered the Mayan Enchiladas which were filled with chorizo and potatoes along with rice and beans. 1)Enchiladas Suizas- Three enchiladas smothered with mole and cheese and stuffed with steak, were just absolutely divine! The Mole was delicious and a bit spicy, I don't like Mole because it comes out a bit bitter but this was yummy. The steak was flavorful and seasoned just right. 2) Mayan Enchiladas- My boytoy is a typical picky American white boy who won't eat anything. Well he ate it... it was like that cereal commercial "Hey Gaby He like it!!" Rice and Beans- Being Mexican criticism of other Mexican food is genetic, nobody's is as good as ones own or your grandmothers. I must admit this rice was fluffy and delicious. The beans were comparable to my mothers, it was covered with melted cheese and the beans were not bland. It did take me back to East LA when my mom cooked (she has given that up sine she divorced my dad) and she would make me refried bean tacos or burritos. I almost missed this spot but I am glad I went back.
