We enjoyed a wonderful dinner at Alinea several nights ago. Each of the nineteen courses was superb, a taste delight. The food is five stars! Wow!The rest of the Alinea Experience does not, sadly, reach the five star pinnacle, as some other reviewers have noted:   1. The dining room is ordinary, not welcoming and warm, almost utilitarian; it needs some touches that say, we created this space just for you, so glad you are here, a design theme of some sort.   2. The service is generally attentive and polished, but mechanical, choreographed but lacking in the finest service touches; we felt that once we were seated, we were given a place at the Alinea Experience conveyor belt and the task of the staff was just to keep the belt moving, no slippage allowed.   3. The servers are somewhat disengaged, little banter (except for rote lines) with the guests. At this level of restaurant, I am accustomed to enjoyable chit-chat with the highly knowledgeable staff without feeling that if I say something I am interfering with the pace of the belt.   4. We were not offered a wine list -- is there one, or is the pairing the only choice? Regarding price, we were told that the basic pairing will cost about three-quarters of the dinner price, a reserve pairing would be somewhat more. And now, having had the basic pairing, and if such is possible, we would, instead, order a bottle of red and a bottle of white (or maybe just water, just still/tap water (see below) the better to savor the marvelous dishes without sensory interference). Also, the wine pourer (who could not explain why a particular wine was paired with particular courses, just pourin' what I'm told to pour) made clear that having two different pairings (basic vs reserve) at one table is frowned upon by The Restaurant; and here I thought the guest's wishes, at this price, would be respected, silly me.   5. The Alinea Experience is a very quiet event, little exchange among guests, no music, almost silent servers - perhaps Alinea should hire a Vice President of Fun, a schmoozer, to give the Experience a personality, perhaps bring a dish or two to each guest with a good helping of witty repartee, top off the wine (which the wine pourer does not do)... I think of a high-end restaurant owner I know well, who has schmooze down to a science. All his repeat customers look forward to a brief and genial visit over dinner, and my friend is a big part of why they repeat. Having a few female servers at Alinea, and a few more servers with a touch of gray, might help, too.   6. Here's a final niggling point on price: Alinea charges extra for sparkling water, $4 per glass. At these prices, $800 + for two pre-tip, gimme a break! Is coffee also extra?? It simply never occurred to me to ask about extras - Alinea does not offer a menu or price card, so I assumed, silly me again, that the food and wine pairing prices are all-inclusive. Gimme a break!To sum it up, the food is great but the Experience, although quite good, needs some buffing up...three and a half stars...
