So what happens when you give a pig too much wine? Why he turns purple, of course. And so goes the joke about the name of this new Mag Mile hot spot , The Purple Pig. In all seriousness, in talking to Jimmy, the owner, the name reflects the vast wine selection they have (purple) with the high incidence of pork (pig) on the menu. I don't care what they call it- this place was amazing! Open for only two weeks- the Purple Pig didn't seem to have any of those "new restaurant" blues that many of them suffer. Service was spot on and the food? Well, the food was the star. Communal seating is the norm here with the exception of about 16 seats along the wall. And in the Spring there will be another 40 more seats out on the patio. The wait on this Friday night was an hour (they don't take reservations) but if you ask- they will serve you a glass of one of their wines off of their extensive list as you wait by the door or down the hall. We were seated at the bar (seriously the best place to sit if you can get one of the seats) as you get the benefit of impeccable service (thanks Yvonne) and we got to meet Jimmy, Jr. (the executive chef). Mossimo (the pastry chef) and Jimmy Sr (the owner). The menu is a series of sharable plates. From charcuterie and interesting cheeses, to salads, to "smears" to entrees. As is my norm with any new place-we wanted to taste a little of everything. We had a wide range of foods to start. Cheeses and meats with toast were tasty. We had clams with rosamarina which was a cold rice dish, as well as shaved brussel sprouts with Parmesan cheese. I never knew brussel sprouts could taste like this! On to the entrees- we split the cuttlefish with toasted almonds and rosemary (amazing), prawns, and the wagyu beef (so tender you could cut it with a fork). And if that wasn't enough- Mossimo came over and lured us into dessert. We ordered his reccos which were the Iris (almost like a donut stuffed with ricotta cheese and chocolate, and the gelato with olive oil and a pinch of salt. Obviously we were not eating the Iris right as Mossimo came over and cut it up for us mixing the flavors. And the final calorie crusher- we had a brioche that was split and filled with chocolate ice cream. Be still my scale! The biggest issue with The Purple Pig may be in just finding the place. Located in the 500 N. Michigan Ave office building- proceed past the security guards (I think they like all the activity as they are very nice) and head to the left of the desk down the hallway. I just followed the noise as the sound of people having a good time reached the front door. Service was spot on and it was great to meet the owner and staff and hear the pride that they have in their new venture. Jimmy Sr. also owns Heaven on Seven and T-Bones out in St. Charles. Dinner with a bottle of wine, and all that food (plenty for three) ran about $170 which was reasonable given the quantity and quality of food.  And within a few weeks they will also be serving lunch and they currently serve food until 1am on the weekends. Check out The Purple Pig. And soon you'll be asking, "You know what happens when you give a pig too much wine?" . . . . . . . . .
