So close to a 5 star rating, but I think the Kobe Beef Ribs are a tad over-rated, so if I could, I would give it 4.5 stars. Decor: Appealing and comfortable. Reminded me of a newer steakhouse venue, but with a casual flair. Service: Fantastic - from the hostess that greated us, to our waiter - Matthew, to the two different MODs that came by to see how we were enjoying our meal; everyone was great and sincere. Meal: Very good. They give you homemade pickle chips and homemade potato chips that are NOT greasy. Nice starters for your palate. We ordered the Kobe Beef Ribs with braised greens and a side of corn bread.  The BBQ or smoked flavor was great, but the meat was not as spectacular as I had hoped/expected or the price ($35) would have you believing. Wish we got the Kobe brisket, instead. Oh, well. It was still good. Three big ribs with a decent amount of meat, but not the pound of meat that our waiter had told us. But, that's ok, because we made up for it with dessert. The two BBQ sauces were tasty - did not care for the Carolina vinegar (3rd flavor) - not sure if that's what it is called, but it tastes like vinegar. Braised greens were good. Huge portion. Corn Bread had good flavor, but was dry. Portion was adequate. Could definitely improve the texture/moisture. Though we were full, when we heard that their desserts are all homemade and made onsite, we decided we had to try the apple pie w/ cinnamon ice cream and the espresso brittle ice cream. OMG - portions are huge and the desserts were AMAZING. We should have ordered one dessert and split it. The ice creams were fantastic and the apple pie was some of the best I have ever had. Apples were firm and overall it wasn't too sweet. The cinnamon ice cream was the perfect compliment to the pie. The espresso butter brittle was very good in terms of texture and individual flavors, but I don't know that I would order the combo again. Oh, we also had french press coffees, which were better than Starbucks coffee, but the beans still seemed over-roasted or slightly burnt. Two final notes: 1) We were told that everything on the menu is homemade except the hamburger buns. 2) The Belgium style beer was quite tasty.
