Normally, I'm not a fan of any "ethnic" restaurants located in Gold Coast/River North because my immediate reaction to them is usually something along the lines of "I can get the same quality food for half the price in Chinatown/Argyle/Pilsen/etc". What can I say - the frugal in me is hard to keep down. But my fiance has been clamoring to go to Frontera Grill ever since she started watching Rick Bayless on Top Chef Masters (damn you, Bravo!). So off we went this past Saturday to grab brunch at Frontera Grill and to see how legit is the Bayless hype.  The first thing we realized about Frontera Grill was that the Top Chef Masters effect was definitely in ... uh ... full effect. We were quoted a one hour wait for brunch, which I thought was a little bit crazy considering the size of the restaurant. But then we learned that dining at the bar is first-come-first-serve so we immediately swooped in on a couple empty bar stools. Unless you're with a large group, I would definitely recommend eating at the bar - full menu with little to no wait. Plus the bartenders do a pretty decent job multitasking between taking care of customers who are eating and making drinks so no drop off in service either. Anyway, what about the food? Well, I won't say it blew me away but it was pretty damn good. Here's what we got: Drink 1: Blackberry Mojito ($10.00) - Refreshing and sweet. Great summer drink. Not very boozy but still quite delicious. Drink 2: Mezcal Margartia ($10.00) - Despite having a pinkish color, the drink itself had a rather smoky flavor. Definitely not like a regular margarita but in a good way. Appetizer: "Entrems Surtido" ($7.50 per person) - Basically a sampler appetizer platter that included quesadillas, taquitos ceviche, jicama salad and guacamole. Warning: this dish is HUGE. As good as everything was on the plate, I almost wouldn't recommend it because you'll be so full after eating it that you won't have any room left for your entrees. Entre 1: "Tacos al Carbon" ($15.00) - You can pick from a list of meats; my fiance went with duck, which she thought was quite tasty. The dish comes with guacamole, beans, salsa and tortillas and the portions are pretty hefty, especially after chowing down on the "Entrems Surtido". Entre 2: "Pozole Rojo" ($11.50) - A pork and hominy stew with a poached egg on top. The pork was very tender and the soup was bursting with flavor. I think I would've enjoyed this dish even more if it was 30 degrees out but it was still quite good despite it being a hot summer day. The stew comes with lettuce, radishes and tortilla chips on the side, which I think you're supposed to toss into the stew to give it some crunch (that's what I did at least). All in all, it was a very good meal. The food wasn't remarkable in that I feel like I've had comparable dishes at other places in Chicago (Mixteco, Fonda del Mar) but it was still very tasty and everything was prepared well. The prices are a little high for what you're getting but still pretty reasonable. My advice is to not buy into the hype that's been generated by Bayless's success on Top Chef Masters and just go in with no expectations except to have a good meal. I think as long as you're not excepting to be blown away, you'll enjoy Frontera Grill.
