Remember that guy that didn't win The Next Iron Chef, but his food always looked awesome, Morou Ouattara? Do you remember why he got the boot? If I recall correctly (which is unlikely because I have the memory of a hand towel), it was because he always separated all the elements to his dishes, and his food was considered 'unapproachable' or 'required too much work'. Go look on the Farrah Olivia website and you'll see what I'm talking about. Welp (that's my combination of "well" and "yelp"... As in, "how you doing today?" "I'm doing welp, thanks"), I think Michael Carlson may be guilty of the same crimes of passion on some dishes. Except for the amuse, the pad thai, and the cheese course (blindingly good), all the dishes required you to get all the elements on one fork, which was no easy task after like 37 courses. Btw, they don't seem to like spoons at Schwa. I can understand this... The undignified nature of using the same utensil I use to scoop flaming hot cheetos and nacho cheese into my mouth may not be consistent with fine dining. Still, I found it a bit odd that they didn't give us a spoon for the French onion soup (my favorite dish regardless). So I won't go through the menu course by course, because I'm hungover as shit and I might need to go vomit (fuck you, wine!), but this was a really cool experience. I tried a bunch of things for the first time, including rabbit (I think I'd actually prefer Trix to that silly rabbit, not my thing) and jellyfish (which should probably be renamed jellofish, because it's more like a fish made out of jello). We also had one of the most interesting deserts ever: parsnip flan with sweetbreads, some sort of foam, and some citrus element (zest?). Together it all worked. If this kind of stuff doesn't appeal to you, I might say Schwa isn't for you, but if you're adventurous and have billions of dollars like me, Schwa is ftw. But before I go, I have to give a special shout to yelper Rob L. who happened to be dining at the table next to us. He reminds me of myself, if I were nice, had a dope ass wine collection, and were in really good shape. He let us try his '84 Opus One and even donated his remaining 1970 Port to our table. Tres awesome. Oh, and lest I forget, I wouldn't have even scored this reso if it weren't for the rad gal from NoCal, Erin P. I hope you're not having reservation-giver-upper's remorse now. I'd also like to thank god... Yeah, I know this isn't an awards ceremony, but I do feel like I just won an Emmy for my role in "11/7, The Opposite of 7/11: A Food Oddity". Sorry, now I'm just babbling. Gosh I'm hungover. Save me Jebus!!!
