Perhaps the best restaurant experience I've had so far. Came across this place on Yelp (thanks!), and we went there on Sunday. We arrived around 8:15, and had a 45 minute wait. Immediately after being seated, the chef brought us a plate of the roasted palm hearts on the house. It was a trial by fire for me as a picky eater, but my first experience with this particular vegetable left me impressed. The bite-sized pieces were very tender and the lemon and chervil shone through without taking anything away from the natural flavor of the palm. It was a great start to the evening. We next had the truffle egg toast, which I expected to be a little breakfast-y, but was amazing. The thick, just-chewy-enough toast was texturally perfect against the creaminess of the egg. We followed that with the cheese and meat platter, and chose the grana padano first. At the recommendation of the waiter, we paired that with the robiola, and added the soppressata calabrese. I don't normally eat cheese and skipped the padano, but the robiola was mild and creamy, and worked well on the raisin bread that came with. The soppressata was delicious, but unexceptional as far as cured meats go. You absolutely MUST order the crispy pork belly. I'm a dedicated carnivore, but I confess I've never had pork belly. What have I been missing!? The large strip of belly was nearly an inch thick, and deliciously crispy on the edges. I expected the softer inside of the cut to fall apart in my mouth, but it was just firm enough for a satisfying chew. The peach mostarda was an ideal compliment, sweet with just a touch of tang, but that sweetness can overwhelm the pork if you go too heavy. Next came the vasi, and we went with ricotta and honeycomb. The presentation was adorable, with the ricotta in a small mason jar and the honeycomb served separately on a piece of thick paper. This could nearly have been a dessert, but fit nicely between the salty pork and the pasta. There was quite a bit of ricotta, and we had only eaten about half before the grilled toast that came with was gone. I'm sure we could have asked for more, but it was already after 10, and we wanted to try pasta before we left. I should say that there was no pressure on us by the wait staff or anyone else to wrap it up after the place closed. Our waiter was courteous and quick, and everything we ordered was correct. As he was leaving, the chef actually told the kitchen to send us a dessert after our pasta, so the service was as good as I've ever had. We started or pasta experience with the uovo in raviolo 'San Domenico,' a single, large raviolo topped with browned butter. It was perfectly cooked, tender, creamy, wonderful. The cacio e pepe was buttery and had just enough pecorino. Honestly, it was the least exciting thing we'd eaten all evening, but considering the other options, that's certainly not a weakness. Unfortunately, by that point, we didn't have room to take advantage of the chef's generosity with dessert. Nor did we sample any of the numerous wines on offer. I'll definitely go back to correct both of those things. I may have found a new favorite place; here's hoping that the wait times don't skyrocket.
