Cafe 28 would be a great date place if you are comfortable talking to your date for awhile over drinks while waiting for a table on the weekend, and for a longer than average period of time while you wait for your meal to be prepared. For those of us that don't get out on dates that much... this was the perfect place to bring my parents the last time they were in town. It's reasonably priced, with a cheery, comfortable interior, lively, yet quiet enough for good conversation, and the menu provides a wide range of flavors across Cuban cuisine. I had the Carne a la Parilla, which came highly recommended by the waitress. The skirt steak was dressed in a black pepper sauce that was surprisingly spicy with the first few bites, but calmed down as I polished off the rest of it, and was accompanied by a large serving of grilled vegetables and a flavorful scoop of green poblano rice. My dad went for the Honey Jalapeo Pork Chops, which I believe is one of the most popular menu items. Delightfully spicy, the contrasting flavors were well balanced, a feat assisted by the sweet potatoes, which were also prepared with liberal amounts of honey. Mama K ordered the Ropa Vieja, which looked unremarkable with its rice and bean sides, but the beef had apparently been cooking all day long and strangely melted in your mouth with every bite. We ordered an additional side of Frituras de Yuca, which were tasty little starchy balls of lightly fried mashed yuca. The only thing that was slightly off here was that although we were sat promptly, having arrived before 7pm on a Saturday evening, once we were halfway into our first round of mojitos, had finished off a bread basket, and were about to order, they asked if we could switch tables, as they had a party of ten show up earlier than they expected. They were extremely apologetic, bought us a round of drinks, and our first waitress checked in on us a few times throughout the night, to ensure that she had navigated us appropriately through the menu. Lastly, I would definitely recommend Cafe 28 for groups, as they do take reservations for parties of six or more.
