Looking for your run-of-the-mill brewpub? You'll have to look elsewhere, because this place has the best food of any that I've been to. The beer was quite good, but the food thoroughly impressed me. We walked in and were told it would be a 1 hour and 40 minute wait. My wife wasn't thrilled about that, but being that it was Valentine's Day weekend and I was guessing that most other places as good or better would have a wait of probably the same amount of time, I convinced her we should stay. Standing in the waiting area, I had grabbed a beer list and was about to head up to the bar to wait in line for a couple beers. Then out of nowhere an extremely friendly cocktail server approached and took our order. I started with the Eugene; my wife opted for the Cross of Gold. The Eugene was wonderful; their description of the beer leaves out one flavor that I really noticed on the finish - coffee; whether or not that flavor was intended, I don't know, but I was pleasantly surprised by that. My wife really liked her Cross of Gold; the taste of it I had was pretty good. We then ordered the bacon fat popcorn, which is highly addicting. The only thing it lacked, in our case, was napkins - it's a bit on the oily side. We were called for a table much sooner than the 1 hour and 40 minutes they had quoted us. I think it was closer to just 1 hour, although, I would have still been happy to wait the full hour and 40 that we were quoted to get the food that we ended up with. When we were sat, we were promptly greeted by our server, who was very friendly and attentive throughout the meal. We ordered two of the Iron Fist Pale Ales to drink with dinner, which was quite good, but I did like the Eugene better. For my main dish, I ordered the Flemish Beef Stew. Wow, I have never actually been as pleasantly surprised by a stew as I was by this. It was a little on the sweet side and definitely wasn't your everyday Guinness beef stew that you might find at an Irish pub; this was really unique and when it was gone, I was just wishing I had more. It was so good. My wife ordered the Duck Confit Pizza. She loved it, although she wishes they had opted for a milder cheese than the Gorgonzola they use on it because she felt the cheese covered up the flavor of the duck a bit. Speaking of the duck, they definitely didn't skimp on the duck. Had we not hit up the Pastry Market that was held at the Logan Square Kitchen earlier in the day, we would have definitely tried dessert; guess that will have to wait for next time. Having Revolution Brewing less than two blocks away from our house is going to be dangerous. We'll definitely be back very soon and I'll definitely be joining their mug club, seems like a pretty good deal. Revolution Brewing rocks!
