To celebrate my brother's birthday, we went for the repertoire tasting menu. Instead of truffled popcorn, they gave us a couple of cheese scones. They were good, similar to the ones served at Province, though I found myself missing the popcorn. The bread course was a persimmon bread sandwiching butter. It was a play on temperature. Tasted pretty good, though for those of you from Taiwan, the presentation would remind you of beetle-nuts. The first few appetizer courses (plus the foie-llipop upon request) were heavy on sugar, walking on the thin line between sweet and savory. As such, it was a bit hit or miss (but even the misses, such as the mochi course, were conceptually engaging). The foie course with huckleberry jam was the one stand-out among the sweet-savory concept. The tartness of the berries paired well with the foie. The lobster course was another great appetizer - perfect execution on risotto complimented by a umami-rich lobster-amanac reduction. I dream about that dish.  The appetizer courses came out pretty quickly. We breezed through the first nine courses under an hour. The waiter seemed to notice that we were trying to catch our breath between courses, and slowed down the pace for us for the rest of the meal. The main dishes really sang. The kitchen could cook seafood like nobody's business. The swordfish and the sturgeon courses were some of the best fish dishes I've ever had in this country. The only exception was the scallop course, which was a play on "clam chowder." The concept was fine, but the deconstruction was not successful (the ingredients didn't come together in a way that would make an impact). After the seafood courses came a cup of herbal tea with matsutake mushroom shaving. The waitstaff presented it as a "novel" flavor profile. It was good, but the flavor-profile was not new to me. It reminded of the Chinese-medicine-style (dang-gui based) soup that you cook duck or lamb in. Very nostalgic and heart-warming. The guinea hen course was a knockout - tender with a great crust, accompanied by great flavors (though the kale was slightly salt-heavy) - the dish just worked very well. The pork course was presented with three medallions on top of one another. Each slice tasted different - the bright cilantro, the slightly-bitter coffee, and the sweet plantain made this into a trio-tasting experience. The wagyu dish was a play on steak and egg - a very successful deconstruction dish. The only disappointment was the beef itself - it was not very marbled and didn't live up to the expectation engendered by the word "wagyu."   The palate cleanser before the desserts was a shot of warm apple cider. Worked well. The desserts were of a good progression of flavors. We started tart and spicy, continued to creamy and nutty, and ended with rich and chocolaty. Very accomplished pastry chef!  Decor was contemporary chic in a lofty, gallery-like space, the waitstaff was dressed in suits and jeans, and the background music selection was not what you'd find in fine-dining restaurants. If they were going for a casual-fine-dining atmosphere, they've hit the nail on the head. Service was very attentive and accommodating. Our glasses were never empty, and our several requests (including an odd one of charging the valet on my card - I didn't have enough cash) were granted with grace. You could tell the waitstaff was trying very hard to make the evening special. I quite appreciated the intuitive and the can-do service philosophy here. Graham Elliot is a place that truly shines when you approach it via its long tasting menu format. The courses were portioned sensibly, and the progression of the meal made a cohesive and compelling point-of-view. Chef Runge continues the mission of deconstructing the classics and elevating the mundanes, but with a wider range of ingredients and with a more multicultural flavor-profile. While not every course was a home-run, the menu never failed to be engaging. The evolution of the kitchen was apparent, and I really liked this reincarnation. This menu reminded me of the former Avenues under Chef Duffy. Mark my words - Graham Elliot is well on its way to receiving that second Michelin star.
