Ten Takeaways from Revolution that I think you should know: 1. 5 oz beer samples ($2 each) = great option for those who want to try all the wonderful beers without getting too sloppy. Of the 6 beers we tried (out of the 8 total), our favorites were the Iron Fist Pale Ale and the Rosie, a summer ale.   2. They do a final rinse of their glasses with this upward-squirting fountain spray thing before they serve their beer. According to the bartender we spoke with, this helps certain beers retain their head better. Gotta love a brewery that focuses on the little things to make their beers more enjoyable. 3. Speaking of their bartenders -- nice, friendly people all around. We sat at the bar and all three bartenders helped us and chatted with us throughout our evening.  4. Revolution has a circular bar that is undoubtedly the focal point once you step inside. Given that Revolution is a brewery, this makes complete sense to me. 5. One more thing about the bar -- it's held up by these wooden pillars shaped like a raised fist (a la their logo). Very cool.  6. Their mussels with hard cider, blue cheese, leeks and fuji apples are not like mussels you'll find anywhere else. See the broth that sits at the bottom of the bowl? Blue cheese goodness that can seriously be eaten with a spoon (that's what I did). 7. Though it's located in Logan Square, Revolution attracts plenty of folks who don't fit the hipster bill. Take as that as you like but don't be surprised to see lots of folks boasting a 60614 zip code. 8. There's not a whole lot going on around Revolution. I view that as a good thing because we were able to find street parking with no problem, aside from having to avoid hitting the people on bikes up and down Milwaukee Ave. 9. In case you're wondering, they don't take reservations. When we arrived at 9:30 PM on a Saturday night, we were quoted a 25 minute wait. But seating at the bar is first come, first serve so we were able to grab a couple empty stools right away. 10. You know how ridiculously crowded Piece can get? That's pretty much what Revolution is going to get like very soon. So go now before word gets out even more.
