I deliberated for a long time about how to rate this restaurant. In part, I kept excusing it as better than what it actually was because I had been so excited to come here. It was my boyfriend's first time visiting me in Chicago since I had moved here and he shelled out A LOT of money even though we're both kinda poor right now. So needless to say I kept needing to make this evening feel special. I ended up choosing two stars instead of three solely based on the price. It ended up at about $100+ per person which may seem reasonable for 2 drinks, appetizer, main course, and dessert, but I have had equal amounts of food at equally nice places for significantly less. Now if I had had a mind blowing meal I wouldn't have even taken a second look at the price, but it didn't. The appetizers were equal to things I've made in my kitchen. They weren't bad -- I would even say they were good, but nothing amazing. And I've routinely blown my mind with my own food, so you'd think a place with this much prestige could manage. We had the cheesy risotto and some type of curried soup (it was either pumpkin or squash but I cannot remember). I would give this section alone 3 stars. For the main course we had the suckling pig entree and the wagyu beef. The pig would have gotten 3 stars on its own, the beef 4. The pig was forgettable, and simply A-OK. The beef was REALLY nicely cooked and had a nice subtle flavor to it. Both portions were SUPER small. My boyfriend tried to joke with the waitress about the size. She coldly replied that it was because the quality was so high. Now to dessert... we had the roasted pear (2 stars) and the s'mores (5 stars! No 10!). The roasted pear was a waste of money... absolutely underwhelming. However, the s'mores were hands down the best thing I have ever eaten. I feel extremely guilty now that I didn't share more with my sweetie who was stuck with his subpar choice. I am a bad girlfriend, but those s'mores were SO DAMN GOOD. The extras: The popcorn at the beginning with truffle oil and Parmesan had a great flavor, but was awfully stale. I ordered a champagne-based cocktail (The Elliot Spritzer... props for the name) which just tasted like champagne. Good champagne, and well, I like champagne so I can't complain too much, but not what I was looking for (I really like well thought-out cocktail flavor combos). My boyfriend had a beer that the waitress recommended, and it was really really good. They can't get too much credit since they didn't brew it, but props on the selection.  All in all, the food is better than the two stars I gave it, but it is accurate of the "Meh. I've experienced better" that Yelp attaches to the two star rating. I have had better for less. Some things were better than others, but apart from the s'mores nothing was so amazing that I need to go back. This makes me greatly sad because I REALLY WANT MORE S'MORES.
