I'll start out by saying that I had Pequod's delivery instead of in situ. Hey--it's freakin' cold outside! The pizza arrived warm and still caramelized at the edges, the salad was well-chilled, and the garlic cheese bread arrived toasty. Working from most disappointing to favorite part of the meal, here goes: The garlic cheese bread was cheesy, but at two pieces, it didn't seem like much. I also could not taste any garlic at all. Out in the 'burbs, if you order garlic at most restaurants, you don't have to search for it in the food. Dunno if the city was misnamed a long time ago, but "place of the wild garlic" doesn't apply to most restaurants recipes downtown. The Pequod salad was very large (definitely enough for two people to share as a dinner salad). I don't usually like a lot of vegetables, but the dressing was just enough to mostly hide the flavor of the black olives from my tongue.There was plenty of pepperoni on top, and everything blended together well as far as taste. The pizza was tempting looking as it was thick, juicy, and covered with pepperoni as well. Couldn't even see the other ingredients (sausage and garlic). Now this time, Pequods did not disappoint with the garlic. It was visible, and could be tasted too. I would've preferred a little more, as the sauce is a bit sweet. Not too sweet, as some reviews state. The dough was just about the right thickness and consistency for a deep-ish dish pizza, and there was plenty of each of the ingredients. I didn't taste the caramelized edge as I was expecting...maybe it's an acquired taste, but I just didn't see it as a big plus. It added some flavor, but it was just kinda' crunchy and burnt...but then again, I like my toasted marshmallows golden, warm, and gooey, not black and flavorless. To each his own taste! (Or "Chacun de son gout," as the French would say.) All in all, a pretty good place for delivery. I think it would probably be even better brought warm and fresh right to your table from the oven, since the delivery took about an hour in the winter weather. If the result was this good, I can only imagine it to be better at Pequods proper.
