--------------- I have updated my previous YELP to reflect an experience, now that I actually was able to be seated and dine at Big Jones. ---------------- I previously yelped about Big Jones, attempting to dine opening weekend. I must admit that I am beyond impressed with the owner/staff that went above (and COMPLETELY beyond) for me to give the restaurant another shot. We ventured there this evening, after a movie, massage and a very relaxing Saturday in A'ville. Our reservations was for 7:30, and we were seated just a minute or two after our reserved time. Our table was near the kitchen, but along the wall. Service- Our waiter was Andy (Andrew) and he was INCREDIBLE! If only all restaurants I travel to had someone with his charisma. If you sit in his section, you will understand what I am referring to. Instead of the "yup" , he uses actual English, and wonderful adjectives to describe the food, from memory. As Victor said, "he is just fluid" in everything he does. With all my travels, I eat on the road 45 weeks a year, from no start to 5 star restaurants, and Andy could easily fit into some of the best restaurants I have experienced in the continental US and overseas. Thank you ANDY!!! ( I could not return unless in his section) Our water glasses were never empty, and the chef/owner stopped by many, if not most the tables throughout the night. The place was exceptionally busy, but all went well. Food--- Where to begin? The other half loves the culinary arts, and this restaurant had many items which left his mouth watering for more. Appetizer- Of course the boiled peanuts! YUMMY! Soup of the Day- Was a roasted corn soup with pieces of ham. Honestly had to be one of the best, and most flavorful soups I have ever devoured. I have had many corn chowders, but this was robust in flavor, and the bread served was the perfect compliment to the palette. Appetizer / Side - Fried potatoes, Okra and Onions served with a ranch sauce with fresh herbs. The sauce accented the flavoring of the fried items. Main Course- I enjoyed the sirloin with the potato cake and green beans. The steak was a perfect Medium, and the tenderness as perfect for a sirloin. Understanding, sirloins are not a filet, and will have different taste/feel. The mushroom sauce went well with the meat, and overall, a wonderful entree. Dessert- We were confident we were going to pass, UNTIL the mud pie passed by. We had seen the Red Velvet Cake, but the Mud Pie was heavenly. It has an Oreo crust, chocolate cake (brownie like) with pecans inside the cake, covered with melted/roasted marshmallows. We shared one, but I could have enjoyed plate after plate. Beverages- The hurricane had a passion fruit base, with a bit of a fizzy pop to it. Not a typical Hurricane, having been in New Orleans 2 weeks ago, but unique and just as good. I liked the fizzy ending to it, and the rum selection complimented the entire beverage. The Riesling was excellent with my steak. Not being a fan of reds (gives me a headache), Rieslings rank high up on my list. This did not let me down! Feedback to other posts, since my first review of the restaurant- - Yes, the restaurant is narrow, but uses the space very well. Compared to the new Frida restaurant that has half a kitchen table bolted to the wall, this restaurant was very fluid in design, decor, and style. - With the wait staff directly behind us, never had any bump our table or either one of us, nor was anyone "bending" over as someone mentioned. Then again, I think ANY restaurant has people bending over, and that can be an unattractive view regardless the size of the restaurant. - The lights were dimmed as the sun began to set, the music was brought up a bit, and the ambiance remained perfect. The place is very loud, and with a deep voice (yet incredible) server, that was the only challenge, but not a deal stopper by ANY means. I am so glad I returned back to the restaurant and was able to finally experience what the buzz was all about. The soup, I could eat BOWLS of, and the dessert... well, enough said about that. I noticed that the servers were very attentive to the guests needs, and if they noticed you did not eat something, or had a problem, they worked quickly to make it right. Thank You Paul/Mark for bringing Big Jones to A'Ville, a great addition to our community. It was great hearing how the recipes came about from days of the past, orchestrated perfectly.
