My girlfriend and I went here just to experience what is supposed to be one of the best restaurants in the world - we're not huge foodies or anything like that (and because of that maybe we didn't appreciate some of the nuances of the food/experience) we just wanted to see what all the fuss was about. First of all, the service was some of the best I've ever had in terms of them being there to help you out and make you truly enjoy your meal. My one gripe is that we were waited on by several people throughout the meal rather than one waiter which made it pretty impersonal in my opinion, and sometimes when I wanted to ask about some of the more "out-there" dishes I didn't really feel comfortable enough with the waiter to do so. Now the food. There was a huge array of different tastes, so it would be tough to love everything or hate everything. The one thing I will say is that all of the food you'll eat here is stuff you will never have had before, nor will you ever have again. Most of it is a hodgepodge of really interesting flavors that you'd never think to put together -- for me, some of these combos worked and some didn't. Overall I felt the meal leaned a little too much to the sweet and rich side of things, and I found myself always hoping the next course would be something light and not so rich. There were a couple of courses that I thought were really good, but nothing that I absolutely loved. On the other hand there were a couple of things that I really didn't care for at all, but as I said earlier that's to be expected with such a wide array of interesting combinations. All in all I would say that for the average joe, Alinea is more for the experience than for the food alone. My conclusion was that I certainly didn't regret going (even with the big pricetag), but it's also something I don't want or need to do again.  If you've got the money, absolutely go. It's a lot of fun and is a great experience. If you're like me though, I don't think you'll find yourself breaking down the door to get back anytime soon.
