STOP THE PRESSES! As of Monday, November, 16, 2009, after a four and a half month renovation, Garcia's on Western has officially reopened! True true story. Not sure about you all, but I was counting down the days to Enchilada goodness and refreshing Margarita bliss, and low and behold on a whim tonight and completely unbeknown to us we ended up at Garcia's during their grand reopening. Lucky us. So, here's the skinny.  They have expanded in a major way. The ceilings are higher which means more light, the dining room is wider which means no longer feeling guilty when you have a large party because you'll no longer take up the whole center or corner of the dining room. The bar is bigger, meaning Friday and Saturday waits will be a lot more comfortable. And in the summer we were told that the windows open so there will be a little al fresco feel to the front. Que lindo!! Anyway, they kept some of the "old charm", meaning don't freak out when you see some of the murals from you memories past on the North Wall. The bathrooms have been gutted and now sport fancy schmancy dryers which normally wouldn't impress me, but for some reason had me singing their praises into the late hours of the evening. And they have kept all of the same servers (which may or may not be a good thing for you, but for me was wonderful catching up with some of the "originals".) Now onto the food. Their menu has not changed too much, they've added a chorizo and frijolles appetizer along with a flauta app, and there were a couple other minor changes denoted by an italicized "new" next to it, but overall all the staples are still there and are served exactly how you remembered them.  The house salsa and chips were so fresh that I swear the chips melted in my mouth.  Our entrees arrived pretty fast and we could not believe how fresh everything tasted (yes, I know it was their first night everything had to be fresh... but let's let's hope it stays this way--it should, I mean it is Garcia's).  We had a couple Banana Margaritas and I'm happy to say their recipe has not changed one bit.  The service was good, there were times when I felt like the beverage service was a little slow but it wasn't too bad. So it's hardly worth mentioning. We talked to the server who said that there are some additional minor changes yet to be made, so we're really looking forward to seeing the finished project. Fancy tidbit of info some of you may not have known, they hadn't renovated in 18 years!! As a result this place looks fabulous. Que bonita Garcias! P.S. The tables look eerily similar to the ones they had before, do not be fooled, they reordered the same style in a darker shade, they're totally new. I told the server you could probably still use the old ones and no one would notice, she laughed and said I know "but everything fresh! " Love you guys, we'll keep coming back!
