We were in Chicago at the end of August, visiting from Ann Arbor, where Rick Bayless is considered a local celebrity being a U of M alumn. We had visitors from France (my sister and my brother in law) and we wanted to take them to a truly special restaurant for dinner. Many people that I asked here at U of M where I work highly recommended Frontera Grill. Given the expectation, our disappointment was much bigger than it would have been had we never heard of this restaurant. First, we called and asked to reserve the table and were told that they do not take reservations, but that if we come we would have to wait for an hour for a table for 4 (on a Wednesday night). We decided that we would sit at the bar while waiting and order some drinks and appetizers. Waiters were rude and pushy. I did not want to order a drink before a meal (all the other members of our party did) and the waiter kept coming back and asking me if I had changed my mind??? And he was not being funny either!Although we were told that we were going to have to wait for about an hour, the table suddenly opened up, within 5 minutes of our arrival at a bar. When we were seated, there were no less than 3 other open tables. One of them did not get occupied at all while we were there...Food was mediocre and not at all what we expected (sophisticated and varied). I asked the waiter if a meal that I wanted to order was spicy and he told me that it was not. He was in a rush, did not have the time to talk to me... When the meal arrived, it was so spicy, it was not edible. Others could eat their meals, but no-one was particularly impressed. We had a couple different waiters in the dining area and neither of them were particularly friendly nor helpful. I did not return my meal, but I left it un-eaten, others gave me parts of their meals so that I did not stay hungry.  No-one asked me if I liked my meal or not. They all seemed to be busy and uninterested, to the point of indeference. Again, not a service that we would expect. There was a sommelier, a woman who was also pushing the most expensive wines, but when we really needed her help, she was not available. Overall, it was not a nice experience at all as the only thing we liked was a decor and atmosphere. In the end, we would not mind paying a lot for good food, but the cost was too high for the food that was served. When I read all of the other reviews, I am at a loss...Did we just stumbled upon a bad set of waiters, did we just not know what to order? I would hope that this is not what normally happens in Frontera grill!!I can tell you that our gastronomic experience in Chicago ended on a very high note in a restaurant that we stumbled upon, where were were served amazing food and service was nothing short of spectecular. As we were leaving we noticed that this restaurant had one Michelin star and it really deserved it. I am so sorry that I could not say all these nice things about Frontera!
