Well... not so much for this place. Very disappointing meal after reading all of the 4-5 star reviews. We expected a meal on par with City's best and instead ate an ill-conceived and averagely executed meal - from start to finish. So too bad because we really wanted to like it! Let's start with the name: "Sprout, an organic restaurant." I asked the very nice but sorely uninformed server about the "organic" component of the concept as the menu doesn't say a thing about where the food is from, who grows it or what is or is not organic. I was told that the Chef tries to buy as much organic product as possible. I guess in this day and age, when everyone and their grandmother is cooking with local-this and sustainable-that and even Wal-Mart is carrying organics, I expected a little more! The 3 course tasting menu ($60) was organized on three pages, with each course on a page. Fine. However, the dish was described only with the name of the main ingredient followed by the accompanying ingredients. I get it - but the server was little help when describing the complex preparations - like neglecting to mention that the octopus dish was served cold and the foie gras was actually a mousse with the consistency and sweetness of Cool-Whip. The duck was actually two mezzaluna-style ravioli but the pasta was as thick and dense as a pierogi (and not in a good way) left swimming in a duck broth. Not what we expected or wanted to eat. Mostly because it was not tasty. The short ribs were fine but again, since so many Chefs are doing these we expected them to be more interesting. The wine list was good but uninspired and the wines were organized alphabetically which made it as cumbersome to navigate as the menu. It was a nice touch that most were available by the glass. The desserts were alright but again, not served as listed or described. Don't run the math in your head because $15 for the appetizer, $25 for the entree and $20 for the dessert just doesn't compute, even with a tablespoon of sorbet and a glass of dessert wine between courses. Not worth the price. Overall underwhelming and not worth a trip back.
