I got to try this place out this past Sunday night during my visit to Chicago. I briefly considered giving them only 3 stars for this review because the hostess' bad attitude really bothered me and almost spoiled my dinner experience there (see bottom of review, downgraded to 3 stars now). Although we asked her in a very respectful manner, she made no secret of the fact that she was extremely annoyed by our request to move to the table right next to us where some people were about to leave (we asked right after sitting down, because our table was right by the hallway and there was a cold draft that was very uncomfortable). She then actually made us get up and wait in the front area. In the meantime, the first table we were sitting at remained empty the whole time we were standing up waiting and there were no people waiting to be seated so there really didn't even seem to be a point to making us get up in the first place. When we came in, there was no warm welcome, when we left she looked our way as we walked right past but there was not even a simple "Thank you" or "Have a good night" from her. Unlike her, the bouncer by the front entrance actually had the class and business smarts to thank us for coming.  But in all fairness, the cozy dining room, friendly waitress, great food and impressive selection of beers still need to be rewarded with a decent rating. I don't recall the name of the Belgian style beer I had but it was very good. We tried the Latkes appetizer - very good. As an entree I had the rabbit stewed in beer with small dumplings, onions, carrots etc, which I liked quite a bit. I also got to try somebody's CB&J sandwich (on sourdough with cashew butter and fig jam), which I thought was good but wouldn't necessarily order myself. Somebody else at our table had the Braised Venison Ribs - didn't try them myself but the person who ordered them said they were very good. In conclusion, I would return to this place for dinner or to try some more of their excellent beers but if I encountered another similar unwelcoming experience upon arrival as with the hostess that night, I would prefer to spend my $$ elsewhere. A follow-up (1/29/11): After writing this Yelp review, I went to the restaurant's website and emailed it to them along with a very polite message that I simply wanted to make them aware of the issue with the hostess that night. I received an automated "Thank you for your comment. We will get back to you as soon as possible in regards to your message" email. But it's now 6 weeks later and I never actually received a reply from anyone. That, along with remembering the fact that I hate it when employees of an establishment where I go to spend my money have any kind of an attitude with me, the paying customer, just cost them a star. Downgraded to 3 stars.
