I was very excited to experience Carnivale, having read so many stellar yelps about the Latin-flavored restaurant. Upon entering, there is definitely a sense of festivity and overabundance. The restaurant section is cavernous, with private rooms and a mezzanine all adding to the dramatic effect. I actually preferred the bar area, though, with its mix of beautiful people and business types carrying over from happy hour. Carnivale's menu travels all over South America, and there are certainly enough dishes to warrant more than one visit. Our waiter was pretty helpful with suggestions, like splitting the delicious mini fish tacos as a starter. The signature guacamole is a must, and it's definitely something you can enjoy throughout the meal. While I had heard rave reviews about the Seared Ahi and the Pernil, I went big with the NY Strip Steak. It was perfectly seasoned, and their medium rare was as close to perfect as I've had, although the fries that came with the entree were limp and somewhat bland. One thing that pervaded the whole dinner was our wait-staff continuously attempting to clear our table. This proved annoying at first, and became somewhat humorous. Simple tip: when people are still eating, that means they probably are not done with that part of the meal. We tried a few different wines from their global wine list and, while pricey ($7-12 per glass), they were noteworthy. Still, coming from San Francisco with our nearby Napa Valley, I wasn't overly impressed. After dinner, our group adjourned to the bar, where things got livelier. Our waitress was really cool, with a quick wit, and that immediately reset the tone of the night. After some beers and margaritas, the evening ended on a positive note (this certainly was invigorated by the scantily clad tequila girls parading around giving out sample drinks and otherwise being buoyant). In the end, I think I'd come back to Carnivale more for the happening bar scene than the restaurant itself, and besides you can order food in the bar. Mix top shelf margaritas and mojitos with this sort of Latin friskiness and you just might actually have yourself a genuine carnivale. Restaurant: 3 stars, Bar: 4 stars.
