Let me say that the food was really good. Went to dinner here with my wife and parents. As I went in I noticed that there was outdoor seating which was full, always a good sign. Inside they had two rooms filled with tables and lots of customers. We sat in the back where we were able to avoid the families with the screaming kids who were running around. I will admit, that I am not a kid person and that I generally avoid restaurants that have young families. However, the second room had smaller tables and was much quieter. The service was pretty good. The waiter took our orders quickly and my water glass was never empty. When the food came out, the pizza's looked and tasted really good. I had the diavalo pizza which was topped with Mozzarella di Bufala, Spicy Salami, Red Pepper Flakes, Basil. There is no better way to say it other than, "it was yummy!". My wife ordered the special which was topped with My parents ordered the Funghi which was topped with Funghi Fior di Latte Mozzarella, Basil, Mushrooms and also the Salsiccia Fior di Latte Mozzarella, Basil, ltalian Sausage. I would have eaten any of them. At the end of the meal, we all each took home a box with our left overs. I only have two complaints, the first is that the pizza's only comes in one size and they are big enough to easily feed two. When we asked about the size we were told that they were individual serving sizes. Given that we each took home a box, it reinforces my belief that they are big enough for two. My other complaint was the price. For single servings (according to them) the price is just too much. I accept that good food generally costs more than cheap food and I am happy to pay for quality food, which this was. Yet based on that standard, I found this to still be pricey for just pizza. And I am not even mentioning how expensive the alcohol turned out to be. I do not consider myself cheap, and in fact my parents picked up the bill so my complaint has nothing to do with what came out of my pocket; but I was really unhappy about the total of our bill. My friend John S. loves this place and I want to love it too. I am sure that I will give it another chance. But until I am convinced otherwise, my recommendation has to be 3 stars.
