After venturing to BBQ king house in chinatown for a peking duck dinner, the BF and i wanted to try this much raved about sun wah bbq's peking duck dinner. it was a cold winter night so we were pretty darn excited to get stuffed!  we went into the recently moved sunwah and saw confusion. there seemed to be no sort of order on who was waiting in line for a table or for take out. i scurried my way to the front and asked for a table for 2 and was seated right away by a lady wearing a LOT of pink. apparently she was the hostess.... i should have told the hostess that wearing a pink fleece is not quite attractive and does not exactly lure in any clients but then again, this isn't a fancy place so i shouldn't care. i did notice that she was a quick worker and would walk halfway through the restaurant to lead customers to the table before realizing that the customers were still at the entrance confused on where to go.... lady needs some hostess skills. after being seated, we scanned our menu but no sight of the peking duck dinner! so we asked our waiter and he confirmed we could get duck soup, peking duck and duck fried rice for about $30 ($10 more than bbq king house) before he rushed off somewhere else. it took quite some time for someone to give us our tea and water. this place is majorly understaffed... while waiting for our food to arrive, we saw all the waitstaff running around to clean tables, move orders, etc etc. and it was mayhem with the waiters/waitresses putting in orders and getting food to the right table. they seemed to NOT have any order and i saw a few patrons complain about getting their food cold.  right when we started to get worried that our order never got put in, we saw someone rolling a cart towards us with duck on top. he "parked" his cart next to our table and started slicing away. the peking duck skin was quite crispy but the duck was not thinly sliced. there was a lot of meat sliced off. maybe this is sunwah's version but i prefer my peking duck thinly slice (mostly skin and barely meat). within minutes we got a plate full of duck and the man rolled his cart away, and left us wondering if we were suppose to just eat it without any wrap or sliced montou (buns). however, the waiter came back and dropped off a plate of sliced buns for us. interesting, we have to make our own peking duck wrap here... after eating a few pieces of the peking duck over the buns, bf and i both agreed that there was way too much meat and wished they had left more meat to use towards the soup or fried rice. very shortly after, we got our duck and winter melon soup. i enjoyed the soup because of the winter melon touch. there was not much duck flavor to it (i think they just put the duck bones into the soup broth for about 5 minutes before serving). next came our duck fried rice, which actually came out quite burnt and tasted like it too. we were really disappointed...we made a drive up to sunwah and paid an extra $10 (ok not that much) for a worse dinner! overall, we were NOT impressed with sunwah. they are understaffed and the staff need to be trained so that things can go orderly. it was not a calming environment to eat at; it felt like we were trying to eat dinner in the middle of a battle zone. very unpleasant. perhaps if our dinner actually tasted good, we would have been distracted enough to not care that much about the battle zone but sadly, that was a disappointment as well. peking duck was not that great, duck fried rice was burnt and the duck melon soup was good because of the melon and not the duck. i definitely think sunwah is overrated. yes, food is cheap here but so is anyplace in argyle/chinatown. yes, asian restaurants are not known for their service but seriously this place needs some help. i much rather save the extra drive, and venture back to bbq king house for the peking duck dinner and use the extra money i save to buy myself a drink from joy yees or st. alps.
