I recently visited Mastro's for a work event on a busy Friday evening. We had 9pm reservations and arrived a bit early to have drinks in the bar. The place was wall-to-wall packed. We had to wait over 15 minutes for drinks, which wasn't ideal, but understandable considering the amount of people in there. I ordered the Desert Heat - tequila, lime, jalapeno and cucumber. Let's just say those could get you in to trouble pretty quickly! The decor in the bar was great, their liquor set-up behind the bar was quite impressive and there was a piano player belting out tunes. Not a bad place to hang out on a Friday evening. We were seated upstairs, which was nice (unless you've had too many Desert Heats, then the curving velvet stairs might be tricky...) because it was a bit quieter than the downstairs dining room. I agree that it is insanely dark in that place, and it was definitely comical that the waitstaff has to carry flashlights! Our table started off with the seafood towers. Awesome presentation with the dry ice, and the seafood was fresh and delicious. Everyone at our table ordered steak, so I think we tried a bit of everything. I had the 8oz filet and it was perfectly cooked and delicious, as it should be at a pricey steakhouse. We ordered a ton of sides, but my favorites were the Alaskan King Crab black truffle gnocchi (OMG!!) and the creamed spinach. Had I not been on my best behavior, I would have considered licking the serving dishes! We also had the garlic mashed potatoes and lobster mashed potatoes. Both tasty, though the lobster mashed potatoes were super thick if you didn't eat them quickly. The gorgonzola mac & cheese was also delicious, but my heart belonged to the gnocchi. They have an extensive wine list that covers nearly all price points, and as I mentioned earlier, their mixed drinks are tasty and strong. We were all too stuffed to indulge in dessert, though I'm now completely regretting not trying the butter cake. Next time! Our waitstaff was fast and courteous. They did a great job serving everyone and keeping our wine glasses full.  I will definitely go back to Mastro's - I haven't stopped thinking about that gnocchi since we left! The only reason I didn't give it 5-stars is because of the prices. It's a kick-ass place to go for special occasions, but not somewhere a normal person could afford to go on a regular basis.
