UPDATE: Stayed here again for the same conference. Between 2 - 3 stars. I did like that they were willing to call me when they had a room available since I checked in early. I thought I was supposed to be in a pinnacle king (which i booked on http://Hotels.com) and mentioned this to the lady who checked me in. She told me "yeah, you're in a superior king" Only after I had unpacked all my stuff did I realize that there WAS a difference ( I thought maybe there were two names for the same room). At that point, it wasn't worth calling to complain. Laid down to take a nap after I got into my room at 12:30. Was woken up about an hour later by the lady who came to check the mini bar to see if the prior occupants had used anything. Saw her doing the same two days later when I was leaving. Why not do it when the room is being cleaned?  Still got charged for a Snickers i had to call and ask to be removed from my bill (I HATE snickers). At least twice when someone came to my room, I was in the bathroom, and heard them getting keys out to enter my room....had to hop off the toilet so they wouldn't find me in a compromising position. Last year thought the Whitehall was great. This year....not so much. These seem like system issues, not random issues that could happen to anyone. Stayed at the Whitehall a week for a conference. Pros: Incredibly comfy beds and fine linens. Large spacious room, considering it is an older hotel. I had two queen beds, but there were also two sitting chairs with a table in between them. Each bed had a bedside table. Everything was well spread out, not cramped together. Elevators were small, but fast (last year I stayed at the Palmer House Hilton and routinely waited 5 minutes for an elevator, which irritated me). Beautiful tile work in the bathroom. Friendly, accomodating staff. Lighted makeup mirror in the bathroom. Close to Michigan Ave. Cons: Small bathroom, although this is not unexpected given it is an older hotel. No ice machines on the floors. I really hated this. Every time you want ice, you have to call room service. Then I wasn't sure if I should tip for something I'd rather do myself anyways? TV was old and of poor quality, and the movie channels (pay per view) didn't come in well. As you can see, the pros outweigh the cons.
