I thought we could beat the crowds by coming at 6pm for an early dinner. WRONG. The restaurant was already completely packed, and it was 1 1/2 - 2 hour wait for a table! Madness. Since there wasn't even room at the bar at Frontera, we decided to get a "snack" at Bayless' new Mexican street food restaurant next door, XOCO, while we waited. (see my review on XOCO). An hour and a half later, our buzzer finally went off for our table at Frontera Grill. It was a lovely evening, so I was pleased to get a table on the patio. We started off with their special Mezcal margarita (YUM!) and ordered an array of items... Tostaditas (tortilla chips with 2 kinds of salsa) - the chips were good, but there was nothing special about the salsas. They tasted surprisingly similar and kind of watered down. If a restaurant is going to charge for chips and salsa, it should taste better than this. Scallop Ceviche - this ceviche really highlighted the plumpness and sweetness of the scallops. The melon toned down the acidity of the ceviche, making it more soft and elegant, but there was still enough heat to give it a kick. Tamal de Elote (sweet corn tamales) - the fresh corn flavor was so sweet and vibrant in the tamales. The soft cheese added a slight savoriness, but this dish could have easily been a nice dessert. Enchiladas de Mole Poblano (chicken enchiladas with mole) - I've been dying to try this mole ever since I saw Bayless make it on Top Chef Masters. And I'm happy to report that the mole was outstanding...slightly sweet with lots of heat, tang, earthiness, and depth. Unfortunately it couldn't make up for the dry, overcooked chicken, which was exacerbated by the dense, chewy tortillas. I did enjoy the side of black beans though - tasted like refried black beans, only much more savory and delectable.  I had REALLY high expectations for Frontera Grill (perhaps maybe too high). Although the food was good, it wasn't at the level I had expected...and definitely not worth waiting over an hour for. Way too much hype. My recommendation would be to skip the looooong wait at Frontera and eat at XOCO instead. Both restaurants deliver lots of bold, in-your-face flavors and spices in a wide variety of Mexican dishes
