I have to say right off the bat that I've never actually EATEN here. So, I cannot speak to that, although I've been here enough times that I think eventually I'll come back during dining hours and have dinner. What I've gone for (on way more than one occasion) is the Gypsy dance party night on the last friday of the month. LOOOOVE it! Its $5 for usually set by Gitana Angela (DJ spinning balkan beats) and then live craziness courtesy of the balkan brass band Black Bear Combo (whew...thats a whole lotta B's) These guys are great, they are right there on the floor with the people in the crowd, and are rumpus as hell! (tuba's, trumpets, drums, acordions, oh my!). The first time I came, I was late, and got there as the band was playing and as I walked towards the front of the crowd to see, an old man was dancing his way right up to the tuba player and tossing money into his instrument, and then dancing over to the accordion player and shoving money in his mouth (as both the musicians hands were kinda tied up, playing accordion n all) I guess this is just what you do here when you really really really like the music! A man I presume to be the owner was roaming about encouraging merriment and imbibing, and right in front of me came and hoisted another girl ONto the bar to dance (to which she happily obliged). Had it been me, I would have shrunk away awkwardly. However, hidden amongst throngs of other patrons, I happily ended up jumping around like a maniac to the balkan sounds. The drinks are on par (price-wise) with what you find in most establishments. I've had their white sangria (which is lovely), and many margaritas (also yummy), several versions of mojitos (mango, raspberry, etc) All tasty. The waitress's never seem to be too enthusiastic, but 'tev. I go back and forth on the owner every time I've been there. Sometimes I think he's hilarious (walking around breaking plates, and flaming up things) and other times I'm annoyed or creeped out by him (like the last time when he danced over to our table and hand fed every lady there a slice of fresh mango) I dunno, I guess I'm too "americanized" or I wasn't drunk enough b/c I do like my space. And don't like people I don't know invading it. However, than I learned that the owner is named Bronco or Branco or something, and instantly thought that was hilarious. So he's back in my favor. Overall its a clean, very well kept place. The bathrooms are pretty immaculate, which is always a bonus. and the location is in a stretch of chicago where it actually ISN'T a problem to find parking right there on the street and not have to "pay-at-the-box"...which is a huge bonus in my opinion. Maybe one day I'll get there early enough to eat the food!
