Spandau Ballet said it best: Huh huh huh huhhhhhh huh I knowwwww this muuuuch is TRU! To celebrate the big 4-0, my favorite foodie friend said I could pick any restaurant in the city and he would take me. "Anywhere?" I asked in my best Marilyn Monroe voice. "Anywhere," he reassured me. Tru had been on my hit list since he took me to a Hart Davis Hart wine auction last year and now it was my opportunity to dine there. Hoo. Ray. All I can say is I NOW know what it feels like to be a princess. From the moment we arrived and I was handed a menu that read "Happy BIrthday Kara", I knew it was going to be a fabulous night. Service was beyond impeccable, as a team of well-dressed and unnervingly polite servers attended to our every need. When my friend spilled a glass of champagne on his pants, I hadn't finished gasping before one of the uber-attentive garcons appeared with a cloth napkin and club soda! I also honestly believe the waitstaff has to rehearse for hours on a daily basis to perfect their patented water-pouring technique. I wish I brought my video camera. For dinner, we both went with the three course prix fixe. For an appetizer I had the scallops and polenta (and we all know polenta is just a fancy word for grits, right?) and for my main course I had the lobster, of course, and wanted to just die from acute foodbliss. My friend chose the carpaccio appetizer and the wagyu beef short rib entree and I, of course, sampled the goods. ALL THAT! For our liquid pleasure, the sommelier recommended a lovely bottle of chamPONya, which had me nice and giddy before I was presented with my birthday present--a bottle of 2002 Petrus! At that point, I wanted to jump up on the table and do that Russian dance where they fold their arms, drop down, pop back up and kick out their legs repeatedly. Well, maybe I actually did do that but I'm just pretending like I only wanted to. I might add that the Petrus is not on the menu but came from my friend's personal collection (for those of you who may be looking for it next time you dine there). I calmed down just in time for dessert-- a delightful selection of cheeses and I had my own personal sinfully delicious chocolate lava cake! My only complaint is-- and I guess it really isn't a complaint, more a matter of personal taste--is that it was too darned bright in there and the decor was kind of bland. Also, while very on top of things, some of the waitstaff were a bit too austere for me. I'm not into the whole hoity-toity act. Nevertheless, I had a wonderful time and it was a great birthday present. I would love to go back.
