folks, listen up. i need to free the blinders from your eyes. i think this place has really fooled the NPR/This American Life/Check Please crowd into thinking that this is actually any good. the food is very mediocre and authentic in as far as it's probably cooked by vietnamese hands. but it's not authentic in the way that other way that vietnamese food is authentic; that is to say, that it's delicious and actually worth putting into your mouth.over the course of two years of reluctantly eating there (when out of town vietnamese family members / friends are in town and want to eat at a place where they see the most people inside, especially "nguoi My,"), we've tried most of the menu and in two years the quality has sunk lower and lower. the pho broth is bland, the noodles taste like they're the dried variety (and not the fresh kind) and they've been sitting in a bowl with shrink-wrap over them. thankfully the table is stocked with the usual condiments; our family members usually have a game where we try to add copious amounts of nuoc mam, vinegar, tuong, herbs, everything else to see which one can come up with a mixture that is edible. the goi cuon are poorly wrapped and the buon inside of them are usually dried out, and the shrimp inside are bland. the banh xeo has always been so gooey on the inside without being crispy on the outside.i'm giving it one star to balance out all the five-star reviews. folks, y'all need to understand that there really is great vietnamese food in the states -- it's just that chicago doesn't have the critical mass of vietnamese immigrants to support restaurants that can't lower their standards. tank is not it. try serving this stuff in southern california and they'll be closed in a week.i'm all for helping out the immigrant family running a business, but not at the expense of people thinking they are getting good food. (good food trumps any sense of loyalty to "my people.") the service is terrible, even by "hole in the wall" standards that count on someone's cousin's friend's sister just over from the Mekong to wait tables and run food. that's all i'm going to say, other than the fact that my family and i speak vietnamese and if you could hear the things that we've overheard...
