So this is what expensive tapas taste like...and it was so worth it! I'm so glad to have chosen Mercat for Restaurant Week! The ambiance and decor of the place was trendy and romantic. The lighting was just right to set the mood for a nice dinner out with lover and friends. The food was amazing! Since there were 4 of us, we decided to have everything Mercat offered on its Restaurant Week menu and shared. Sharing is caring, and loving every bite was what we did.  In the order of deliciousness (with detailed descriptions of my faves): Patatas a la Riojana: It was all about the sauce. I don't know what else they could have done other than weaving magic into this dish. The pairing of heirloom baby potatoes and cider braised chorizo was out of this world. The potatoes were soft and soaked up the sauce really well while the smokiness of the chorizo complemented them perfectly. But the manchego espuma sauce was bowl-licking good! Drooling! Serrano Ham and Fig Salad: Fresh with just the right amount salty and nutty. The sherry-shallot vinaigrette laced everything so that every forkful was tasty and tangy but not overwhelming. The serrano ham and fig added character to the dish while the nuts gave it some crunch.  Pelotas de Calabaza y Cordero: Each item by itself would have made this dish ordinary, but together they could conquer even the pickiest eater's tastebuds! The delicate flavor of the butternut squash dumplings matched with the lamb ragout in the most interesting way. Somehow the squash diluted the "gaminess" of the lamb and made it into some sort of awesome. The beech mushroom escabeche & black truffle rounded out the dish. Trutia de Patata: Playful square packages of yumliciousness. These spanish style omelette with spinach, potatoes, and saffron aioli would kick any other square packages and gigantic half-moon shaped omelette's butts. The pasta-like skin on the outside was al dente while the inside was mashed potato heaven. It's hard to describe the overall flavor profile of this dish. You just have to try it for yourself. Too bad it was only one or two bites worth.  Everything else (the flash fried peppers, the serrano ham & chorizo croquettes, the shrimp asiago-esque flatbread, and the goat cheese & grilled sourdough) were excellent as well.  We ended a great meal with Croquetas de Xocolat - small fried balls of milk chocolate on top of sticky marshmallow, caramel, and premium olive oil.
