Maybe it's just me. Maybe I'm too old-school, but I wasn't impressed so much by Bonsoiree, like many of the other people who reviewed it. Yes, the chef has imagination. Yes, the ingredients seemed to be very fresh and so forth. I really don't mind the 3 hour experience either, but there were a couple of things that didn't gel with me and I'll try to keep it short. First, the atmosphere. I'm not taking off stars for this, because it's a matter of opinion. The place is tiny and they stuffed us into a little corner table, against the wall. It's not as if they singled us out either. It doesn't look like there are any good places to sit in that dining room. The place is almost claustrophobic. The temperature in the room kept changing too. First it was warm, then cold, then warm, then cold. They don't have a good system, but I'm not sure what that was about. It's obvious that the chef is a fan of Radiohead, because about 50% of the music was them. I love Radiohead, so, no complaints there. Okay, now the food. I loved some of it and I didn't love some of it. There were a few dishes that I wanted to lick the plate. One was the venison and blueberry risotto, but I was a little put off because the server told us not to use a knife on it, as it would damage the bamboo plate that the food was served on. Note to chef: Don't serve venison on bamboo. If I'm only going to get two pieces of meat, I'm cutting each one in half! The fork didn't work so well. I almost used the knife in protest. I loved the soup of winter mushrooms and coffee/veal/chocolate broth. It was a good surprise. LOVED the scallops and the sashimi. Here's where it gets weird....Out comes the oxtail and rabbit combo. Two piles of meat with some sauce. They were good, but both were barely luke-warm. Everything from this point on was luke-warm at best. The worst part of the meal was the barramundi. It was undercooked, and not in the good way. The texture was thick and tough and needed to be cooked thru. It was also luke-warm and sitting in a vanilla bean sauce. Yuck! Vanilla and fish?? WTF? Sitting in the vanilla sauce (which was as thin as water), was some sort of fried ball of something. I couldn't tell the flavor, but it didn't go with anything on the plate either. All of it tasted as misplaced as meat and ice cream together. Oh, and I almost forgot--candied brusselsprouts! Positively REVOLTING. We did have a wonderful ad-on, which was duck breast, along with fois grais and fig. Very very good! The waiter told us to eat it quickly, though, because "you don't want to eat the fois grais cold." Finally, dessert. It consisted of a tiny scoop of a citrus frozen yogurt, sitting in a savory celery sauce, which worked, but there was also a pile of carmelized onion, a chestnut cookie, and two garlic croutons. HUH? I guess this is where I'm old-school the most. I like my dessert to satisfy the sweet tooth! The couple next to us got some sort of banana bread pudding, which looked pretty good. boo hiss The service was good, but we didn't have one server taking care of us, so there was no one to talk to if we needed anything. No introductions either. The only dialog was about the food, down to the last detail. At one point, we laughed, because the server was going on and on about a tiny little one-inch clover on our plates. I thought it would produce some sort of flavor burst in our mouths, because of all the fuss that went into describing it. It tasted like a tiny clover. beh All in all, it was interesting, but not too memorable (not in a good way) and the price for two people $200 (not including drinks, tax or tip) was just a little over-the-top for what we got. The reason the meal lasted 3 hours? Because we got a tiny plate every 20 minutes. Most of the plates got cleared off the table just before the next plates came out. They needed a bus person. Would I go back? Probably not...
