Just when I was starting to lose faith and tiring of the hype of the next big restaurant, gastropub, barbecue pit in the city that kept failing to meet the buzz and hype, Chicago Q has come along. I missed those days of being wowed by a meal, I honestly thought those days were behind me luckily the competition style babyback ribs were beyond excellent. The type of BBQ I only expect to find down south. There's good BBQ in Chicago, but i put the Q's "high end BBQ" on a whole different level. Finally some GREAT BBQ that has me itching to go back for more. My five stars is based almost solely on the ribs, which were tender and had a great chew to them at the same time, fall off the bone, with a great char/crust to them. The service was excellent and everyone (from the manager to the wait staff) seemed geniunely enthused about the new venture.. As for the other food, the kobe beans and jalapeno hush puppies were great, the cole slaw was good and the trio of sliders were a great sampler to try everything else (smoked chicken, pulled pork, kobe brisket). The pulled pork and kobe brisket sliders were good, but I didn't really get enough to really give a fair assessment of the meat (that is what my next trip will be responsible for). The smoked chicken slider was a little dry, but if you are ordering smoked chicken at a place with all these other offerings...well you deserve what you get.  They had 3 different sauces as others have previously mentioned, they complimented the sliders quite well, but honestly were not necessary for the ribs in the least. Yes the price points are higher (i.e. $35 for the premium slab of ribs), but I would honestly pay even more and with the ambiance, great service, decor of an upscale joint and BYOB (until they get their liquor license, although that might come to a quick end after we saw a table of five stroll in with 12 beers and 2 liters of Grey Goose, pretty sure someone dying of alcohol poisoning isn't good for the first week of business) I still think this place is a great value.
