I recently got soooo lucky. I married my dreamy husband, AND received a ton of love from friends and family in various forms including cards and gifts. One card contained a gift card to Sprout, since the giver heard from a little birdie that we'd wanted to try it.  The menu that came with the gift card was very minimalist: one ingredient/item, followed by three or four others with no verbs or further description. I am a girl who likes a little more info, so I was hoping our server could elaborate (she could). As it turns out, they also offer a prixe fixe option. It was a great choice because the entire menu was available, with the addition of a soup and cheese course in between.  1: I had the licorice salad with goat cheese, macadamias and pear. It was four great tastes that apparently do taste great together. The salad contained licorice greens, but then the server shaved fresh licorice root onto it as well. Tasty and fresh and light. I overheard another server telling a guest it had been on their menu since the beginning and had earned its permanent spot. I'm thinking that is possibly due to the fact that it's the only vegetarian option, though it is very good regardless. 2. The soup. Lord, have mercy, It was a shot-size portion of squash bisque with cracked black pepper and creme fraiche. Give it to me. Sweet and creamy and snappy. Have you ever felt greedy for a soup? Prepare yourself. 3. The black bass was just fab. It's seared with the skin on, so there's some saltiness but the rest of the dish is simple winter vegetables including carrot, sunchoke and eggplant, so it's balanced.  4. The cheese course was a grilled cheese quarter with cheddar and apple, accompanied by a shot of Scrumpy's cider. I didn't think I'd be excited about it, as I am a take-it-or-leave-it cheese consumer, but it was pretty great. It was actually so rich I kind of needed a nap afterwards. 5. The dessert description was chocolate: peanut butter, banana, maple. It was a cake whose flavor was too subtle (maybe banana?), but it didn't matter because it was on top of chocolate sauce, and underneath a dollop of maple cream and a dollop of peanut butter cream. The peanut butter cream was topped with three salty peanuts. In addition there were toasted banana slices, which were kind of like the sentries trying to guard the cake from my mouth (nice try). I tried to pace myself and take dainty lady-bites but seriously, it was chocolate and peanut butter and maple and banana. I was outnumbered, man!    Other than the food, the service was very good and our server made sure we were out in time to make our play date. The seating arrangement is orderly but possibly too close together. We "enjoyed" our neighbors' conversations (and lengthy, inane requests, as it turned out). The music is kind of a distraction, truth be told. Very upbeat but sexy.   Overall though, very, very good. Lucky girl indeed.
