OK, I finally went to Tank Noodle after hearing all the hoopla about it. My overall conclusions: A) food was good. B) service was good and very efficient. C) server attitude bad D) over-priced and over-rated I love Vietnamese food and am still sad that the restaurant "Hue" which used to be across the street went "A Hue" for good. I used to be a regular there. We went to Tank on a Saturday night so it was quite busy. Came in the Broadway side door and lucked out with a table right next to it (which later was a little annoying-hungry hordes were waiting, drooling down my back, eying our progress with dinner.) We ordered spring rolls, Goi Ga, (the food of the gods cabbage/carrot/shredded chicken salad) Pho with meatballs, and their special catfish curry dish, which we were told was one of the most popular. The spring rolls were delicious as was the accompanying sauce, but uncut, they felt a little like a latex-covered something of similar girth and length :-) A cold one, at that! The Goi Ga was not at all disappointing with the exception of the lack of crushed peanuts on top (we didn't figure that out until much later.) The additional sweet ginger dressing was a perfect accompaniment to the spicy salad. I cannot figure out why it costs $12.95 though. Seems like more of a $7-8.95 kinda dish. The pho was tasty, but the meatballs were gross. They brought me back in a Proustian way to my childhood. Cafeteria mystery meat! I would get the regular beef pho next time. While the sauce on the catfish was good, the fish itself tasted like dirt, the way that tilapia often does for me. I could not eat it. Our waiter was very insulted by this, and did his best to make me feel bad for not eating it. I am way past the guilt thing whether it's my own mother, a Jewish mother or a Vietnamese waiter. And on a final note: fun, excellent, and freshly fruity bubble tea. We had the lychee. So while I would return, I would do so on a more quiet evening, because I didn't really like the factory, get-em-in-get-em-out thing, nor feeling rushed by waiting diners. I also felt from a bang-for-your-buck way, that the $40.00 tab, without drinks, about 30% too much, (compared with similar places and menus.)
