I have stayed at the W (Lakeshore Drive) a handful of times, and I have never been disappointed. The staff is very polite, the rooms are well appointed, and the scene/atmosphere is very young and trendy. One of my favorite aspects of this hotel is a very very small thing, and is something you might expect from the Four Seasons, Ritz Carlton's and Peninsulas of Chicago. The W changes out their elevator rugs three times a day. In the morning it reads, Good Morning, in the afternoon, Good Afternoon, and in the evening, you guessed it, Good Evening. Like I said, this is a very minor detail, but in my opinion, it's the kind of detail that helps justify the price and set the hotel apart from others. I would like to make a couple comments on some of the reviews I have read on this hotel. In regards to the Silver Wall at the hotels main entrance, I think this is a lot less tacky/gaudy then a lot of other reviewers because I believe it is one, intentional and two, a good fit with the hotels overall theme. I would agree that, if a Four Seasons had this outside of its front doors that yes, it would be tacky, but the W is all about young people having a good time and in my opinion, it works. I also agree with the reviewers who said this is not a family hotel.... not that families are unwelcome, but I would be a little uncomfortable with one of my parents going to the bathroom and/or taking a shower in a bathroom without an actual door. The beds in the rooms are very comfortable. They have that softness that you know you couldn't sleep on every night, but is heaven for a night or two. The gym at the W is not great, but does have enough equipment to get the job done. I have not been to the spa, but I have heard good things. The lobby bar and the Whiskey Bar upstairs (great view) are both great, and get very crowded on the weekends and are an awesome spot to spend your night or stop in for a nightcap before you head to your room. Overall, I like this hotel and will definitely return, if you are looking for a fun hotel to stay at, the W is one of the best choices in Chicago.
