For food and ambiance i would give Icosium a solid 4 stars--maybe adding another half star if that was possible.. I came with a party of 5, and we all enjoyed our selections. I ordered an omelet -which was fine--but since the crepes were light and tasty-- I did slightly regret my choice. I built my omelet with brie, escargot, pine nuts, spinach, arugula, roasted garlic and artichoke hearts. Everything was generously supplied and tasty (although I couldn't taste arugula). I was afraid that the snails would be rubbery--but they were tender and garlicy--up to the standard of much pricier places. Also, there were so many that every forkful came with a snail. My friends ordered dessert as well as entree crepes, and they were all very good. Nothing inspired about the cooking--but with good ingredients and clear competence in the kitchen, we had no complaints. Our server was a charming and attentive young woman, supported by an equally friendly staff, who succeeded in making us very comfortable. The problem seems to be with the management. First--very minor--indication. At the beginning of the meal I had ordered a cup of decaf (delicious). At the end of the meal (8:30-45) I wanted another cup and was told that they would not be brewing more decaf for the night. They close at 10--so that seemed a little ungracious--but who knows what the situation was. Then, when it came time to pay the check at about 9... I had been unable to get to the bank that day--so it was agreed that I would pay with my credit card and my friends would give me cash. I gave the server my card and she took it--clearly not expecting a problem. Some time later I was told by an apologetic and clearly embarrassed young woman that they had "closed out" their credit card service for the evening and could not take my card. Yes, it was a slow Monday, and I'm sure that they wanted to get out of there--but their posted hours are until 10 and they advertise that they accept cards. If they wanted to close out early, they could have easily informed us (and their servers). We had to scramble for more cash. Luckily everyone was able to come up with enough to cover the bill and give a good tip--but not the more generous tip I would have given on my card. I got the distinct impression of an F.Y. attitude at the back of the house--contemptuous of both customers and servers. Not nice-and definitely off putting.
