I'm not going to bother focusing this review on the food; you can read everyone else's review to get an idea of how exquisite and flavorful their chef, Anthony Martin, injects into his creations. But I will comment on how awesome their basil is. Seriously, it's like they infused basil into their basil leaves! Why can't I get those kind of results from my garden?!?! The wife and I decided to celebrate our 7 year anniversary here and we will NEVER forget our experience thanks to the staff and chef! When we were seated at our table the server provided us their menus, leather booklets with simple, yet elegant looking descriptions of their offerings. Upon closer examination, we realized they printed our names into the menu and wished us a happy anniversary! Holy cow! From there, we decided to order the 9 course Chef's Collection where the chef pretty much throws his entire arsenal at you; a full frontal assault on your taste buds. They say it's a 9 course meal, but they don't count the pre-appetizer, pre-mains courses, pre-desserts, post-desserts, etc, etc, etc, as a course! Needless to say, while the portions were small, the flavors were large and we did NOT leave hungry!  So, not only did they provide us with customized personal menus, but they even brought out a mini-cupcake-thing served on a plate with a hand-drawn happy anniversary message with our names drawn on it prior to our dessert!  Now, I feel like I have to comment on their service. Everyone working there is a professional and knows how to make their customers feel special. They were extremely friendly, yet personable and showed a genuine interest in making sure your short time with them would be the absolute best dinner experience you will ever have. Everything, from the non-soap stained silverware (I couldn't believe how spotless everything was), to the elegant crystal drinking glasses, was marked for excellence.  For a special occasion place I couldn't recommend this place any more than I already have to every one of my friends! Seriously guys, if you're looking for somewhere exceptional to take your significant other and have some coin to spare and a suit/dress that you've been meaning to wear since last winter, give this place a shot. And then afterwards go for a stroll down Michigan Ave. This is seriously one of the best Chicago has to offer.
