OMG. Obsessed. Since I've been going back to school and volunteering, my husband and I haven't been to go out as much (or at all, really) because of my extremely hectic schedule. Yesterday, we found that we both had a free night and decided to try Gilt. I was excited for many reasons: I LOVE Maude's, and Gilt is owned by the same people, I love fancy drinks, and I love small plates because you can order a zillion things. The interior is dark and sexy. It's a great 3rd date sort of place. My husband and I sat in a table by the kitchen and perused the menu. I started with a Paloma and my husband ordered a Moscow Mule. Both were good. The Paloma was like a grapefruity margarita. For food, we ordered the farro salad, the greens salad, glazed pork belly, blackened cauliflower and beets with pistachios and creme fraiche. We got the toasted coconut cream mocha pie for dessert. HOLY CRAP. Everything was so good that I literally cannot pick a favorite thing. They were all so strong. I guess the greens salad was a little underwhelming (it was plain greens in a dressing....eh), but everything else was the tits. The farro salad was small, but it was bursting with flavor. It had farro, a champagne vinaigrette, grapes, feta, almonds, parsley and a little bit of lemon. I loved it. The glazed pork belly was so tender and sweet - I could cut it with a fork. It was smothered in a shallot jam and served over farro. The blackened cauliflower was light, but the flavors were all there. It was accented with pickled red onion and capers. And the beets - OK, I have a love/hate relationship with beets. I really try and like them, but I usually get grossed out after I eat a few. THESE beets, though, are the best beets I've ever had. I didn't get repulsed at any point in my beet consumption, go me! These beets were tender and topped with pistachios and three dollops of creme fraiche. Very good. For dessert, I ordered the toasted coconut cream mocha pie. YOU READ THAT RIGHT. The crust was toasty and crumbly with coconut sweetness, and the filling was piled high with creamy coconut goodness. There was also a giant mocha cream glob on on of the pie, which was wonderful. I will reiterate: This is a super great date place. It's pricey, but if you're looking for sexy food and a sexy atmosphere, get over to Gilt.
