I was fired up to go check out Chicago Diner. I can't explain exactly why.  It's supposed to have "awesome vegetarian food".  I'm not convinced this is even possible. I guess going there felt kind of like getting invited to check out somebody's pet unicorn. You're pretty sure it's bs but it would be cool if it actually existed. We arrived on a Tuesday at 7pm. They were at capacity but we were seated fairly quickly...it took about 10 minutes. Usually they're really busy, I'm told. The menu intrigues. Meatloaf, Reuben, Hamburgers, Enchiladas, Tacos...It seems that the only common denominator is that these are all well known meat dishes. Ironical since they're all served minus the meat. I guess the Chi diner folks want to show that they can really bring it...I was half expecting trash talk from our waitress re: meat eaters and how they are wussies and how fun it is to kick their non-organic, antibiotic infested asses. Turns out, not so much. The "wait" staff was actually very chill. Very very chill. Skinny jeans/earings/a lotta black/stoned look etc. Think 1990s punk. They have a look like they're really crushed by some injustice. Like maybe some fascist corporation raised prices on mug root beer 2 liter bottles for no fcking reason except to rape people. Too bad they are too bummed out about root beer prices or some such to actually do their jobs. It took 30 minutes (yes) to get drinks. One draft and one $7 margarita that was mostly ice cubes (4 sips and it's gone). C- on the drinks. Espec low marks for the slow service. C'mon people...we're trying to live in a society. We need to co-operate and take care of each other. Kudos on the meatless meat dishes though. A-. The Reuben was outstanding. Tasted "just like" a Reuben. I was like, "I can't believe this doesn't have meat".  She was like "yeah..tastes just like a real Reuben". I was like "I know, right".  The Chicago Diner does one thing well. The food. With this ace tucked neatly up their sleeve, it seems like they let some of the other stuff slide.
