Cafe 28 sits near the El tracks on a non-descript block on Irving Park Rd. ( a little further west, there's a bit more going on). Inside though, a large, warm space unfolds. One thing I miss about Chicago establishments is that you don't have to be a big chain to occupy a sprawling interior. In D.C., it seems the only spacious places are chains a la Clyde's or very fancy restaurants. Anyway, the interior is nicely decorated with bright paintings on the brick walls, and there are four rooms--two large and too smaller. Our room was an open space with a high ceiling and included booths that stretched across the walls. The dinner started off well with attentive service and rolls accompanied by a delicious sweet garlic butter. My mojito was too sweet for my liking and definitely didn't top those I've had at Moxie or the now-closed Zza Zzo. For an appetizer, we ordered the Taste of Cuba, which included excellent, well-stuffed mini-empanadas, definitely the best I've had (not that I've sampled a wide range of empanada sources), marquitas, which were fine, and something else which I did not get to sample. We also ordered ceviche, which I wasn't crazy about--not enough sauce mixed in with the fish--but the tortilla chips were good. For an entree, I ordered the Bistec a la Cubana, a rib eye steak with rice, beans, frituras de yuca, and sweet plantains. The rib eye did not thrill me: the caramelized onions and mojo were scant and though a fine cut of meat, I just cannot get too excited about steak in general if it's not accompanied by much. (Let this be a lesson to me: my favorite red meats are duck and lamb. Roast beef and steak I could live without). The frituras were tasty, as were the plantains. The rice and beans were nothing special. I wasn't crazy about the piece of Blackened Duck either, nor was I digging the Cuban Roast Pork--which I tasted from my friends' plates--though I thought both were cooked very well. I guess I thought that the food at this Mexican-Cuban outpost lacked the requisite flavor. Still, Cafe 28 is a good place for groups, it looks like it's always buzzing, and it's a warm, lively restaurant that gives you a good meal for the price.
