This place is unassuming, but I had to take a moment to let everyone know about my absolute favorite restaurant in Chicago. I moved out here about a year ago, and live in the Loop. As such, it's hard for me to find good places to eat - my girlfriend and I were sent here by a friend, and we've never looked back. I've probably eaten here 10 times in the past year, but I'll write specifically about my most recent experience, as I feel it's a good example of the joy that is Fox and Obel. I dined here on a Friday night with my girlfriend. Upon arriving, we were recognized by the wait staff, and they allowed us to take a table by the window, with a lovely view of the water. We ordered a bottle of Pinot Noir from their rotating menu, and each had a different cup of the daily soup (hers, a tomato basil, mine a spicy chicken). Both were delectable. For dinner, she had the irish salmon, while I had the pork chops. I usually go with the hanger steak here, but felt like a change of pace this time around. The portions are hearty, though at these prices, I sometimes split an extra entree when dining here with buddies. I ordered an extra side of fries which never came. I didn't even mention it, but when the waiter realized that they had forgotten, they brought us out two desserts for free! We couldn't even eat them, so they wrapped them up for us. So thoughtful. Overall: Pros - Fantastic food. I've had about half of the menu here at this point, and I've never been disappointed. Price! It's amazing how cheap this place is. Even the wine is affordable, and if you want more selection, you can buy it in the marketplace and bring it inside. The wait staff! They always remember us and make us feel at home. Cons - The location. While it's convenient for us, it is a pain for our friends who live north of downtown. The ambiance. While I appreciate their efforts, the ceiling looks very messy. It's hard to forget you're in a back room of a market. Overall, I'd recommend this place to anyone looking to skip cooking for a nice and not pay through the nose! I send all of my friends here.
