Hubs and I went here for my birthday dinner and were sorely disappointed. Here's a breakdown: Ambiance - Lovely decor, lovely lounge area. Great music (alternating Shins and Postal Service, among others).The "party-of-2" seating area made me feel like a sardine. I know, I know...lots of places are like this. But this was tighter than any place I've been. I didn't appreciate the older woman sitting next to me coughing and blowing her nose in my direction. Whatevs...I can deal with that. Service - In the lounge area = speedy and friendly. In the dining area, our waitress was awful. Just plain awful. Aside from the occasional smile, she barely gave us the time of day and at times was downright rude. We were left waiting numerous times (between finishing our meal, getting our check and leaving, it had to be a 25+ minute wait). We had to wait at least 10 minutes to order dessert. Funny thing - the table right next to us was getting superb service from her. OH...and trying to track down someone to refill my water glass was ridiculous. We were 3/4 of the way through our meal before anyone stopped to give us water (and it was the only thing I was drinking). Food - So...here's the deal. We kinda expected a bit more molecular gastronomy. Not so much. Fine, whatever. My favorite dishes were definitely the appetizers and desserts. We had to-die-for potato bisque with a surprisingly tasty marshmallow foam and very rich mac-n-cheese for apps. My dessert of the pear and frisee with Gorgonzola ice cream was dreamy. The rest of the meal was disappointing. The popcorn 'bread service,' while very flavorful, was cold and a stale. Bummer. For the main entree, I got the Wagyu beef. The beef itself was fall-apart-amazing and the foie consomme was very tasty. The rest of the dish did not mesh with my palate. The root vegetables were strangely flavored and really turned me off. I could barely eat them. The hubs' dish (the pork) was good but he wasn't blown away. So...overall...would we go again? Probably not. The service was pretty wretched and while the apps and desserts were tasty, the entrees themselves weren't worth it.
