So the wife and I took some time recently to take another step up the Rick Bayless ladder, having started with Frontera Fresco in Macy's a few months ago. At this rate, I'll be hitting up Frontera Grill and Topolobampo in no time. For now, since we didn't have time to do a 1 1/2 hour wait for the Grill, we decided to take on XOCO. The blow-by-blow follows: Iced chocolate -- the special of the summer... I think it's just cocoa powder boiled into water, steeped in peppermint grown on the roof, then poured over ice. The key is they use really good cocoa. It certainly had some texture to it, which was a plus in my book. Ahomado -- a pork sandwich served in its own broth. I got the distinct impression that at twice the price, this would have been mindbendingly good, but I'll take this $8 any day. The bread was toasted nicely, and I even tolerated the raw onions, because everything was spiced well. No stale ingredients or lazy presentation here. Top Chef Torta -- I honestly wondered why my wife got this, because it's lengua: beef tongue. Apparently, she didn't know that's what it was, so I benefitted a little bit. The chorizo gives it a big flavor kick, and it also comes with lettuce, tomatoes (I think) and its own green salsa. As usual, they toasted the bread just right. Excellent. Lemonade -- My wife got this and I've been making it at home since then. Fresh lemons, of course, but there's a twist of lime in it too. (I add hearty amounts of sugar.) Churro with chocolate -- My wife described it as a cross between a donut and funnel cake. That sounds about right. Wonderfully sweet, balanced with cinnamon and served separately with Mexican (I presume... pretty safe since I've never tasted chocolate like this before) chocolate melted in a little cup. Polvoron -- In the Philippines, or Daly City, California, depending on where you are, polvoron is a candy that's mostly flour, sometimes other ingredients (like chocolate powder or crackled rice) and butter. XOCO put the Goldlock's version to shame. Everything else I've ever had now reminds me of raw flour. XOCO toasts the flour and lightens up on the texture to ensure that you're not biting through something rock solid. Excellent. I loved this place, and really wished for something like it closer to home. Service was decent, and it wasn't all that busy at the time we went. We even got a brief view of Rick himself, probably just moving from kitchen to kitchen, so that was cool. Bring on Frontera Grill!
