The first time I went to Schwa was in June 2006, and I really liked it. For some reason - probably the long waiting period for a reservation - Mike and I had never been together. When Schwa reopened this winter, I called and got a reservation for his birthday, and we could not have asked for a better meal. For the winter menu that's currently being served, Michael recommends guner veltliner, pinot blanc, and pinot noir wines, so we brought a GruVe and a pinot noir, and they both complemented our meal perfectly. Supposedly nine courses, but we actually got more like thirteen. Amuse: honey sorbet with hints of chamomile, grapefruit, and shaved black truffle: the perfect palate cleanser. Jonah crab with banana, celery, and coriander microgreens: delicious pickled crab with banana chips, fried bananas, and a little salad of the microgreens and celelry. Beer cheese soup: Made with chimay beer and cheese, served with a mustard crisp and a hot soft pretzel ball. I could eat this every day. Jellyfish pad thai: some of the best pad thai flavors I've ever had. The jellyfish handled the spice and nuttiness of the sauces exceptionally well. Pinecone: The famous pinecone with juniper jelly and sea urchin ice cream. Mike loved this, but I was not a huge fan of the uni ice cream. The junipier jelly was pretty delicious though. Quail egg ravioli: One of these was definitely not enough. Parmesan cheese, quail egg, and perfectly cooked pasta. I was tempted to lick the bottom of the bowl...but I refrained. Arctic char roe with pumpernickel and rutabaga: very salty, not my favorite, but the rutabaga consomme and rutabaga balls were very tasty. Kona kampachi: served lightly seared with maple foam, lime pudding, and pickled daikon. Flavors that I would never have put together, but I dish I wish I could have had more of. Liver and onions: I was not looking forward to this, but I was pleasantly surprised. Onion risotto, topped with well-cooked, well-seasoned, and generally very tasty calf's liver. I probably wouldn't order it, but if it got put in front of me, I'd definitely eat it :). Antelope: one of my favorite courses of the night! Antelope was served two ways - sous vie with butternut squash and a soy or tamarind based sauce, and then a stewed antelope with white chocolate mousse. Absolutely delicious. Dessert: An interesting course. Parsnip custard, garnished with candied veal sweetbreads, lavender foam, and passionfruit coulis. I didn't eat the sweetbreads, but the rest of it was surprisingly good, sweet, and definitely satisfied my dessert craving. Birthday Bites: Lie and say it's someone's birthday, even if it's not. This is pureed cake batter, frozen into little balls, dipped in white chocolate. Fantastically good. Service was amazing. The kitchen staff signed Mike's menu for him to keep and they could not have been nicer. No corkage fee, and we weren't charged for coffee either. We're going to try to make reservations now for the spring menu, whenever it comes out...
