What can I say in this review that hasn't already been said. I believe yelp said it best, "Yay! I'm a fan." Indeed. We had reservations for 7 and getting there was breeze! Located in the downtown area, of course the environment was absolutely beautiful. We sat down and the word to describe the decor of this place is sleek. Tables with intimate lighting fixtures. This place is doing it right. As you might already know readers, I am Filipino. I enjoy the cooking of my people and I am super judgmental of Filipino restaurants. This one blew me out the water. Who knew Filipino cuisine could be highlighted in such a great way? I did. But now the posh downtown Chicago folks get a chance to taste it. How exciting. We ordered the braised pork belly and the adobo flake fried rice. Yes, adobo flake fried rice. Adobo is a meat (in this case pork) braised in soy sauce and vinegar and the meat is flaked/pulled and thrown into the fried rice. It is so amazing. The rice was cooked perfectly and served in the cast iron pot. The adobo braise pork belly was so tender and juicy. The depth of flavors were so complex yet brought me back to a familiar taste. This is a must try when you go there. We also had the five spice fried chicken and some place over fry the chicken leaving it dry and tasteless. Not Sunda, in their fashion, the of course made is juicy and delicious. The five spices added a bit of a kick but sweet at the same time. The the dishes were presented like they were going to be served to royalty. (you eat with your eyes first). To wash it all down I got some mango iced tea. The iced tea (unsweetened) comes to you in this huge carafe and a little tiny pouring cup on mango syrup (flavor and sweetener) so you can control how sweet or unsweet you want it. Genius! Our server was knowledgeable and attentive even though the place started to become hectic, she kept her cool. So I challenge all you readers to give Filipino food a shot here at Sunda and I am sure you will not be disappointed. If you are disappointed, wrap it up and give me what you didn't like :) Excited to return back to Sunda to try the rest of their expansive menu.
