BRUNCH review only......... 5 star cocktails, 4 star service, 3 star food - I'd say that gives Chef Dale 4 stars overall. Unfortunately, when I recently Sunday brunched with my good friend, the menu was even more limited than what is posted on the website. The full brunch menu (available on the website - http://www.sproutrestaur) actually has quite a breadth of options; however, when 4 or 5 of those items are missing off the menu we were actually handed, choices become painfully limited. I *completely* understand the seasonality of ingredients and such, but really - at this caliber of a restaurant I'd expect at least 1 "replacement" dish offered to round out the menu if 4+ regular dishes are missing. My friend enjoyed the omlette, which looked delish. A bounty of seafood with nicely cooked eggs, this seems to be a star of the menu here. I ordered the salmon, which was tasty; however, I wish the menu more explicitly stated that the "Lox Platter" was not lox at all, but a [nice] piece of salmon that I estimate was either broiled or sauteed. It was cooked perfectly, don't get me wrong. It's just completely not what I was expecting, and I probably would have ordered something else had I known. The cocktails are some of the best brunch drinks I've ever had.... I could have easily had 3 or 4 [or more, lol] "afternoon delights", it was perfectly balanced and not too sweet. Alas, this girl can only buy so many $10 cocktails in one day. Service was above average - our server was friendly, funny, and attentive. On another service related subject, I'm kind of obsessed with their no kids under 12 policy for brunch. It's basically amazing and the entire atmosphere of the restaurant was calm and lovely. Sorry if that makes me a b-i-t-c-h, but $10 grown up drinks should really be served without a side of temper tantrum. I may revisit if the parentals are in town or something like that. It's definitely pricey for just a "random" Sunday, and may be hit or miss depending on how limited the menu is that day.
