Sexy men in sexy Brazilian cowboy get-ups with sexy outfits and sexy accents carrying sexy spits of sexy meats in a neverendingly sexy full-on meat parade. Hot. Like so hot that perfect ribeye might singe your tongue a bit - tttssss.... Sexy. This is an all-you-can eat steakhouse that will test all of your previously conceived notions of how much you can actually eat. From the moment you sit down you will be blitzed with food and service until you have to say no mas and beg for mercy. Many men are wandering around the restaurant just forcing large portions of high quality meat on you - all at the same time. They will make a point of getting you the exact temperature of meat that rocks your world the most and personalize their service to you for the rest of your time there - whenever they found out that I love well done, especially those drool-worthy burnt end pieces that the fire licked, the meat-givers specifically went out of their way to offer it to me, sometimes sneaking up right behind me and whispering near my ear "Bacon wrapped fillet, Ma'am?" Makes me all weak in the knees even thinking about it ...I've been here at least six times in the past three or so years and had nothing but exceptional experiences every single time. And even though the bill (especially with a group) is always shockingly high, I have never ever felt ripped off or overcharged. Although the meats are clearly the stars of the show, all of the extras just make it even better - fried polenta sticks, mashed potatoes, fried bananas, luscious drinks, a bomb salad bar and happy ending desserts. Nothing is ever bad. Take the sting off of the final price tag by doing lunch instead of dinner, for about half the cost - or spend the exact same amount by making up the difference by getting a few more rounds of caipinrinha - Brazil's boozy drink of fame. Once I was in here a a line of guys were being led to their tables and they all had their arms held up in the air, flexing their muscles, looking like they were on their way to the ring to fight Rocky, and the whole restaurant turned to look at them all crazy looking. Now I always remember that when I come in here. One of these times I'm totally gonna do that too.
