I've always been impartial to writing reviews. I read a lot of them, but never found a reason to write and post my reviews. My trip to Chicago (and especially my visit to Violet Hour) changed that. Because of an amazing barman named Steven (Stephen?), I've decided to finally join Yelp and begin my long list of reviews. This was my first time in Chicago and I was visiting with a close friend, so I'd done all of the proper research thru yelp reviews and other sources to make sure we got the most out of our Labor Day weekend trip. I jam packed our schedule with lots of touristy stuff, amazing food, and finally the infamous Violet Hour (infamous mainly for its long wait-time). Prior to coming here, I was convinced this was like any other speakeasy I'd been to in NY. There was nothing I was unprepared for after the ridiculous waits and selective treatment of the NY speakeasies.  It was a comparatively warm night, but as usual, I felt underdressed. The wait outside was not too bad (from what I remember about 20-30 minutes until we moved into the vestibule area for another 30-40 minute wait), but the cold made it a bit worse. The two guys in front of us actually were from out of town as well, and claimed that this place kept them coming back. I was a bit skeptical at first, but now I know why. We opted for two available seats at the bar, not knowing how much longer a party of two would have to wait to be seated with the more private high-chairs. I started off with the Pimms Cup since I am quite a fan of Pimm's. It was well made, with a clean finish, but it wasn't exactly what I was in the mood for at the moment, so I opted for a different drink but didn't know what to get. So I asked our kind barman for a suggestion. He suggested The Riviera, which has egg whites, making the drink a bit frothy, but better tasting. I'd never had a drink with egg whites, and after my trip to Chicago, I'm convinced it's a Chicago thing, because everyone in NY thinks I'm insane. After that drink, I explained to the barman that I have a thing for strawberries, and that I'd like a drink with egg whites and strawberries, and he made me a drink which was really great (I don't remember the name or even if it had one, but I loved it). He also gave me a side cup full of strawberries to go along with my drink, which really made my night. I was getting steadily colder by the minute in part thanks to the hand chipped ice blocks in each of my drinks. What a night this would be! My friend was nearing his comfortable limit, so I had to get one last drink in before we could go. "Do you have 151, by any chance?" I asked Steven. Lo and behold, they had something MUCH better than Bacardi, and JUST AS STRONG. "El Dorado" was the name, I believe. The label read, El Dorado, High Strength Rum. Apparently, nobody had asked for anything that strong in the last THREE YEARS. So we were going down in history here! In fact, everyone behind the bar was so impressed, we got the shots on the house!! Yes, the crazy small Asian chick from New York and her friend who asked for 151 shots. Upon hearing that I was from NY, Steven told us he had a few friends bar tending at some of our local speakeasies. But Steve, my dear, I can assure you, your drinks were MUCH better than the ones I've had at PDT. I've been told I can be a VERY picky drink connoisseur, but coming from NY and having hit up a wide variety of speakeasies, I was STILL Impressed by the amount of attention and care given to each drink (and the barman's ability to actually mix me something I honestly enjoyed). I'm planning to go back to Chicago in the near future JUST to hit up Violet Hour. Thanks again, Steve!
