To be fair, Revolution Brewing Co DID not earn a five star review from me last night. I honestly feel that it is worthy of 3.5 stars. However, just as Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize for his ambitions, RBC gets 5 stars from me for what it can be once it hits "steady state." The good: Decor and Atmosphere. The wood carved fist pillars in the bar are BEAUTIFUL. The bar has plenty of standing room area, and my group of three was not crowded AT ALL. Both girls I was with liked the lights hanging from the ceiling, although I thought they were ugly. All of the staff were attentive and charming, despite the inherent craziness associated with the beginning of (a) Revolution. The bad: Hiccups - As in, there are kinks that need to be worked out seeing as how this was their second "official" day in business. Their credit card machine went down, so it took me about 15 minutes to pay for my beers and to join the Mug Club. I almost walked away but I chose to do the right thing and stayed to pay. I also noticed two liter bottles of pop in the fridge behind the bar... something tells me they'll have fountain drinks shortly. They also didn't have any hard cider, which one person in my group had requested. Additionally, said person would have enjoyed water w/ lemon instead, but it didn't look like they had any lemon slices hidden behind the bar so I didn't bother asking. The Ugly: the BEER. I had the porter, which was dark and smooth, and I thought had hints of caramel. It had a crisp finish which gave it that distinct porter taste. It tasted a little watery to me, but it could have been a combination of the flavors and the 7%ABV confusing my brain. The third person in my group tried the Iron Fist Pale Ale, and do not be confused, it is NOT an IPA. I took a sip and thought that it had a complexity of flavors, and I could definitely taste the hops. However, my friend said that it could have used more hops. Bonus Ugly: The people. It was wonderful, eclectic mix of hipsters, yuppies, fatties, tattooed kings and queens, a good natured chad and or trixie scattered throughout but through and through just groups of friends enjoying what will surely be rising force in the coming days, weeks, months, and years. VIVA LA REVOLUCION!
