XOCO is definitely going to be a wait, especially if you come here on Saturday afternoon, but let me tell you, it's totally worth it. In fact, I think I would wait half a hour just for their hot chocolate! I have been wanting to come here for a while now, and so I was pretty excited when I finally got the chance to do so! We got here around 1pm on a Saturday, hoping to beat the lunch rush. Unfortunately it looked like this was where all of Chicago was at the moment! It was a little overwhelming when we walked in, right away we saw two lines and had no idea which one to wait in. However, as soon I walked over to ask someone in line which line I had to wait in, the hostess came and asked me if I was dining it or taking out, and told us where to stand and told us it would be a 30 minute wait. My friend and I were chatting so it felt like that in no time, it was our turn to order. (Everything on the menu sounded delicious so I think you need at least that amount of time to decide!) I ordered the pepito and the hot chocolate listed at the end of the menu (it was the thick one?) My friend ordered the Alhogado sandwich and the Aztec hot chocolate. I LOVED my hot chocolate, it was thick as promised and it tasted the way I thought hot chocolate should taste! Thick, luxorious, and oh so chocolately. Seriously, the wait was worth this hot chocolate. My sandwhich was good, the meat was tender and juicy but without the green sauce it would have been a bit on the dry side. I really like my friend's Alhogada sandwich, it came served with each end sticking down in this tomato broth which is more my style since I love soupy stuff! The sandwiches here are a bit more pricey than the ones that you would find in another sandwich shop, but hey these are gourmet sandwiches and I feel like the price tag is reasonable. I also picked the most expensive sandwich so ;)  There was so much on the menu that looked so delicious, I really can't wait to come back here and get a different sandwich and try a new hot chocolate flavor. I also wanted to try their churros and soft serve but that will have to wait for my next visit!
