Why the 5 stars? well there was one other costa rican restaurant I heard about in Chicago, but I'm not sure if it's still around. As far as I know this is the only one and it is the best. Outdoor seating makes it even better. BYOB to top it all off. As if there aren't enough yelp reviews of Irazu already, here's my take. Awesome everything. I've had almost everything on the menu and have never been dissappointed. I have even tried some of their weekend specials that they have from time to time. Their shakes are the best, especially on a hot day. I recommend a 2 flavor of either oatmeal mango or oatmeal banana or even just simply oatmeal. Now for food, For starters, I recommend their guac with freshly minced jalepenos on the side; Simple, fresh, and always delicious. Now on to the main deal, Everyone says they have some of the best vegetarian selections around and I completely agree. I'm not a vegetarian, but I am a foodie. And when I'm in the mood, i will go meatless. Veggie Burrito with mushrooms and avocado or the veggie sandwich are my picks.They are jam packed with fresh veggies and are very well balanced and satisfying. As far as the meat selections, everything is good and I would base it on how hungry you happen to be when you visit. The Steak sandwich is by far my favorite and it was recommended to me by "Mom" who is one of the owners. Now if you are really hungry, I would order the Bistec Tico or the Casado dinner. Both come with a delicious portion of thin rib eye steak cooked in the very famous Lizano sauce (they're available by the bottle there if you want to take some home) The sauce is boss and has a tangyness with a little bit of a kick. You also get a fresh array of sauteed veggies and of course some rice and beans and a side of fried plantains with the dinners. I only get the Casado if I feel like having a fried egg with my meal....mmhmmmmm. The servers are friendly and courteous and they make you feel right at home. Its family run, but still professional, and you can experience that through their awesome staff. I've been going there for years and I'm probably there at least once a week. I can never get enough of those steak sandwiches or their oatmeal banana shakes. So try it at your own risk, you may become as addicted to it as I have.
