Until we check out Brazzaz, Texas de Brazil is AS GOOD AS IT GETS!I heard many positive words floating around about Texas de Brazil. So when the opportunity came to attend via GROUPON! I jumped at the chance. We decided to go on a Wednesday after work. I assumed it would be a very slow night because who else in Chicago wants all you can eat meat on a Wednesday beside cuisine connoisseurs such as ourselves? I was wrong. While it wasn't super packed there was a constant flow of people, which lets you know this place is as great as everyone is making it out to be!The FOOD: Fantastic. I decided to opt out of the salad bar. (Hey I figure I am paying $50 per plate for meat so I am going to consume as much as possible.) Our meals turned out to be worth every penny. I had Parmesan Chicken, Parmesan Pork, BBQ Pork Ribs, Garlic Steak, Filet Mignon, Picanha Sausage, Sirloin, House Specialty Beef..... you get the picture. (I really wanted to try those beef ribs but those sucker were so big and my stomach was already so full..but don't worry mr. beef rib, I will be back for you :-)At one point in time there was so much meat on my plate I thought I would keel over! The SIDES: Our table came equipped with mash potatoes and plantains to cleanse the palate. Heather consumed a great amount of potatoes. Once again I opted to eat only a spoon full as I did not want to get full from sides and salads. Remember, this journey is all about the meat! At the very end of our meal, as I was about to call for the check, dessert was brought to the table of a lovely couple sitting in front of us, The dessert was fresh strawberries blended with vanilla ice cream. Now I know what your thinking, Just say they had strawberry ice cream! But no, it was more than that! I was full, super full. But I found away to make room in my stomach for one last hoorah and it was so worth it. This was the most refreshing dessert ever. The fresh strawberries whipped beautifully with the vanilla ice cream was the perfect ending to a perfect meal. As we ate our dessert we were privy to watch the entertainment in the winesellar. There a young lady performed acrobatic movements while selecting the wine of each patrons choice!The COST: 2 plates cost $99.99 total and the two desserts were:$15.50 total. With tax the price was $121.00 for a meal and dessert for two people. We opted not to drink so if you would like a glass or bottle, expect to pay more. As I mentioned I went on a groupon so it reduced by bill to $65! I felt like it was a total steal!!All in all I give it 5 stars. I also would like to recommend our waitress Nina! she was Fab. Valet was a bit annoying because it took 15 minutes to receive our car. But I wouldn't let the valet service stop me from going. We will be back!The question is would I spend my hard earned dollars there again and the answer is Yes!
