I first heard about this place from a friend who lives in the area. She told me that they were better than Kuma's, and so my interest was piqued. I took a friend over here one night to check it out. Lockdown Bar & Grill specializes in burgers. So, as you can imagine, the list of choices is long and, might I add, overwhelming! FOOD: Like my friend, I am a beer person. So we both perused the list of beers before looking at the burger choices. They do have a decent selection of bottled beers, but could use a little more in the draft section. To be fair, their burgers are the main focus, so I won't be so critical about this. A nice surprise for me is that our server brought out a bag of freshly made potato chips. These were quite delicious. The taste reminds me of those spiral-cut fried potatoes you would typically find at food festivals. Yum. So far, we're off to a good start. Okay, onto the burger selection. Like I said earlier, it is quite overwhelming. Everything sounded really good to me and so I wanted everything. Impossible, so I had to buckle down and make a decision. My friend ended up choosing "Cruelty to Animals," which is a burger cooked to your liking with bacon, carnitas, and prosciutto. I was deciding between that and what I ended up getting, the "Lockdown Warden," their featured burger which is also cooked to your liking. The patty of this burger is infused with bacon, leeks, garlic, and shallots and is stuffed with Merkts Cheddar cheese. Finally, it is topped with fried leeks and shallots that have been tossed in truffle oil. Goes without saying that this burger was very good. My only regret is that I probably should have gone with medium instead of medium well. Otherwise, it was a tasty decision. My friend thoroughly enjoyed her medium-cooked Cruelty to Animals burger which she described as being "juicy." All of their burgers are cooked on a pretzel bun and are served with your choice of fries or.......Mac & Cheese. I chose the Mac & Cheese and to this day am very happy I made that decision. It was topped with bread crumbs and, another bonus, had thick-sliced bacon mixed in. SERVICE: No complaints about the service. Our server was attentive and very friendly. APPEARANCE: You can't help but compare this place to Kuma's Corner. The first thing you notice when you walk in is the loud music and abundance of LCD TV's hanging from the wall. Lockdown is a self-proclaimed "virtual concert venue." What I found this to mean is that every day they have a set schedule of concerts that they present on their television sets. When we went, the theme for the day was Rock/Metal. It fit the somewhat dark and sleek look to the place. Black is the dominant color of the decor along with some brick and metal. What results is a very clean, modern look. FINAL THOUGHTS: Overall, I am quite pleased with Lockdown. But now for the million dollar question: Do I think it's better than Kuma's Corner? My answer: it's too soon to tell. I've only been once and have only ordered one of their many burgers. After a few more visits, which I fully intend to make, I'm pretty sure I'll have made my decision. But given the stellar mac and cheese, fresh potato chips, and minimal to non-existent waiting time (Thursday night), Lockdown is pulling ahead so far...
