I flew out from Los Angeles just to have dinner at Alinea. Although I am certified broke now, the whole trip was worth every penny! This is a highly sought after restaurant. It has opened since 2005 and is still going strong. So don't you dare to call it a hype! I had my wonderful experience on this past Saturday. The restaurant is spaced out in different pods. We were seated in one of their pods upstairs. Table was not set until my party sat down. The staff set it in front of us and jokingly explained that they had shrunk the table cloth to a small pillow, hence, no table cloth. An unconventional start. I didn't go for the wine pairings because I am no wine expert. I 'd rather save my taste buds for the delicate dishes. Food was then served promptly after he explained how it worked. There was no music on the background. I could actually hear other patrons' conversations and their ooooh's and ahhhh's. It could easily be me having a dinner party in my imaginary designer dining room. Everybody looked relaxed and was having fun. That's how I felt. It's a casual and cozy environment. I did not get pretentious from Alinea, given that this is a michellin 3 star restaurant. I never feel rushed. They didn't give me dirty looks for taking too many pictures. They even gave me a heads up before the balloon came out because it didn't do well in room temperature, so I could start snapping pictures as soon as my balloon was escorted out. Not only did the food look super appetizing (with the help of vibrant colors and intriguing plating), it tasted phenomenal too! Portion was small but definitely a party in every bite! As I understood, the whole meal was divided into 3 series, tastes from the ocean, the earth and then dessert. And they were not kidding, each bite captured the flavors very well. From the taste to plating, every detail was well designed and executed. Each bite was precious and worked harmoniously with each other. One of my highlights was the sighting of Chef Achatz! He would go to most tables to create the final course himself and smashed those eggs. It was a pleasure to see him popping up here and there throughout the night. When he came to my table and worked his magic, it was a show and he knew it. He gave a performance without being over-the-top. He was different from other celebrity chefs. Don't expect him to make small talks. He explained the course matter-of-factly. As soon as it was done, he would leave. Not aloof (in my opinion), but kept it professional. One thing is very different from other restaurants was that staffs never introduced themselves and they constantly changed. Among 15 courses, I think I had at least 7 different staffs served at our table, and I only knew one of their names (slipped out accidentally). They were very attentive but not pushy, and they all had similar sense of humor. They kept making witty dry comments. I wonder if they had a script or guidelines for what they may or may not say. All in all, I had a great time. It is an experience that evokes all of your senses. I will definitely go back! Trivia: I had the pleasure to tour the kitchen at the end of dinner. It's a medium sized kitchen with no actual fire going on. Helium tank fills up balloon regularly. They clean the kitchen 4 times a day. It did look spotless to me. The expediter was only 21-year-old and great at what he's doing. All servers run up and down the service stairs like hundred times a day. There are 20 tables in total and filled up every night. Each service ware is an art form so take your time to admire it.
