If you don't live in the Bridgeport neighborhood, it's worth the trip to visit Nana. We found the food to be delicious and the restaurant's commitment to sourcing humanely-raised items to be exceptional. We appreciate that the farms and brands are prominently listed on the menu and website. Nana uses chicken and pork from Gunthorp Farms. The free-range birds spend a lot of their lives outside as they are pastured at three weeks of age. The pigs are raised "farrow to finish" on pasture without animal by-products in their feed. They are raised free of confinement in crates. The quality and taste of the pork in the Carnitas Burrito Platter we tasted was phenomenal!  Nana currently uses Eggsland's Best Organic eggs, which means that the hens are not in cages and are fed organic feed. However, in a recent report published by the Cornucopia Institute, Eggsland's Best is docked points for not providing adequate access to pasture for their birds (see http://www.cornucopia.or). Nana sources its beef from Heartland Meats and Dietzler Farms. Neither of these farms uses synthetic hormones and Dietzler Farms never uses antibiotics (unless a cow is sick). Dairy and cheese products come from Capriole, Cedar Grove, Farmers' Creamery, Hook's Cheese, Saxon Homestead Creamery and Sassy Cow Creamery. Cream of the crop is Sassy Cow, which is a family-run organic operation based out of Columbus, WI.  The cows eat a considerable part of their diet from grass on the organic pastures located on this farm.  The Cornucopia Institute gave Sassy Cow an "outstanding" rating for organic dairy operations (http://www.cornucopia.or). Room for improvement? Consider sourcing beef products that are completely grass-fed and grass-finished to protect cattle health and improve nutritional value. Purchase eggs from hens that have meaningful and adequate access to the outdoors. The Humane Choice is a project of Food Animal Concerns Trust (FACT). This restaurant was reviewed by FACT staff members Larissa McKenna and Lisa Isenhart. FACT is a Chicago-based non-profit organization dedicated to improving the way animals are raised on farms. For more information on our work and mission, please visit http://www.foodanimalcon.
