I've been to more than 40 sushi restaurants in Chicago and Coast is the one restaurant that all others get compared to. They offer the convenience and affordability of a BYOB (no corkage fee) while offering the fresh quality of the more upscale and expensive sushi restaurants in town. Aside from Sunda and Roka Akor, I have not found a restaurant in Chicago that has better fish quality than Coast. And unlike Sunda and Roka Akor, Coast is the type of place you can go when you're tired after a long day and don't feel like cooking, but don't feel like getting dressed up or spending a lot of money. The service is always excellent, the food is always impeccable, and the atmosphere is always lively but intimate. They never have an off night. And now that they accept reservations, Coast is officially the total package. Definitely make reservations before going though - this place is popular and always packed. Sometimes I think Sublime Sushi (just 75 feet away) opened their business just so they could capitalize on people who try to go to Coast but are too impatient to wait for a table. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. For those of you who like spice, be sure to ask for a side of their chili sauce. It's similar to the typical Sirracha sauce that you get at most restaurants, but Coast makes their own version of it that adds a nice little change. I've had both rolls and nigiri at Coast, and everything from the tuna to hamachi to hirame has always been fresh and tasty. The rolls are always made tightly with a great ratio of inner ingredients to outer ingredients. Unlike too many sushi restaurants, they focus on the flavors inside, rather than just pile on a too-thick layer of rice to make the roll look bigger. Coast is my go-to for sushi in Chicago. That doesn't mean I'm not always trying new places, but I typically leave them all wondering why I didn't just go to Coast instead. It really is the gem of Bucktown and worth the trip if you don't live near the neighborhood.
