Ok...This place has intrigued me for so long, I decided to freeze my arse off and wait to find out what this place is all about. You can miss this place quite easily, if you are looking for it. They do not have a sign outside, just some artwork on the exterior with a large wooden door. I opened the door to find, many peeps huddled in a narrow (but heated) waiting area. Waiting is the key word here. Let's just say, you are forced to mingle in the waiting area or die outside. Take your pick! If you don't wanna catch anyone's germs in these winter months, then FUGGEDABOUT IT! So... they supposedly have a waiting/ guest list to get in. I pulled the doorman aside and asked why are the people who say they are on the guest list not being let in? He stated that if you get there early enough you can get in. But after 9pm, there are so many people trying to get in, (and not enough people leaving) they cannot honour everyone's guest list. Ummm, I thought. This place seems quite large, but yet they stated they did not have the seating available at that moment. Seating? What kind of joint is this? Don't they know you can lift your pinky and stand at the same time? As I was waiting in line, I saw their business plaque on the wall which asked you to turn your cell phones on vibrate and do not ask for American cheezy beers. (Do I need to name them?) Yippee! I found a joint that has class! In the meantime, I am still waiting and... shooting the shit, with this bloke in his 50's from the burbs. Finally after an hour of waiting, the unveiling of this place was much to my surprise. The velvet curtains opened up and inside is this dark, but oh so swank place playing at the time Dean Martin. My first impression was this is an old fogies joint and was not what I expected. They graciously sat us down in our assigned seats and gave us menus. It is dark here, so if your vision is bad, then reading the menu can be quite a challenge. They do have votives on their tables though to help you out. Old school style! The plus side of a dark place is it makes it all the more mysterious and it makes you look great! Apart from the waiting to get in, the downside of this place is you must be OK with the company you are going there with. You cannot walk around and mingle really. This place is for intimate gatherings, no matter what size your party is, it will work. I have to say this place has class and could be a wonderful date/ relaxing place to go to. Violet attracts a diverse crowd and all ages. Not once did I feel uncomfortable here. Their music varies, you can get anything from The Rat Pack to some Latin flavour and more, but as far as wanting to shake your groove thang, it won't happen here. This is a cocktail lounge at it's best. The drinks appear strong upon first taste, but are blended perfectly. You will find that relaxing and pacing oneself comes naturally here. When the ice melts in your cocktail a little, your drink could not be more perfect. Everything is reasonably priced, including their food. Overall this place is hip, their staff are great, and Mr. Bartender and Mr. Cocktail Shaker dudes are fantastic. This is one classy joint!
