Vegan this vegan that.  How refreshing to have a menu that can accommodate my non-carnivore friends. I went to this place with no real expectations, other than those of my best friend - who is a vegan. We wanted a big breakfast. I'm a nice Jewish boy - so bacon and sausages are off the menu for me. He's a vegan - so everything is off the menu for him.  We had a rock star breakfast! The prices were reasonable, and I was actually full. I always worry that these kind of places will be serving paper towels with carrot sticks, but the food was great. And flavorful. I had pumpkin pancakes with a maple cream cheese syrup. Vegetarian - not vegan. I still love me some dairy. The atmosphere is great - kinda 60's hippy Mom started a diner. The wait staff are friendly, and busy. I sat near the door, but there is an air lock, so the cold air doesn't blow in on you - which is a huge plus. I'm skinny as hell, so I get cold easily. And rather than carry an afghan around with me, I layer heavily. I was actually able to take off my scarf, and sports coat, and cardigan. Of course, i was still left with several more layers - but my bohemian appearance blended RIGHT in with the rest of the clientele. The service was fast, the coffee was pretty good. They waited till we were both done to bus the table, which is always nice. The men's bathroom was really clean. I'm not going to lie. Sometimes I go into the bathroom just to see if it is clean. My friends count on me for this sort of valuable information - and now you can too! Parking is a bitch though. We parked on some street near by and walked in...which is fun, because then you get to people watch on the way there.  And if you are bored on the way in, there are a ton of sex & fetish shops near by that I ,er, KNOW NOTHING ABOUT. Hear me? Nothing. At all. Why? Do I look like I would know? What do you mean you saw me in one? Keep dreaming. I'm the respectable type. I go on dates in churches and museums. (my Mom reads my reviews too people....) Overall, nice experience, and I will totally go back. And when the out of town-er vegans arrive, I can drag their anemic asses there too.
