This place is BUSY and there's a GREAT reason for it! Hear me out. I am going to start off by saying, I'm a sucker for anything Pork. I think it's fair to say, they celebrate pork here in a way that truly does this fine diversely flavorful animal justice. What a delicious meal we had here...from apps, to wine to cheese to cured meats...even the service was so very knowledgeable and passionate about the offerings. Starters: Wine. We asked what would go well with pork since we knew that would be the main event. The server recommended an Italian Red called Vesevo Taurasi 2003. This wine was the perfect pairing for our meal. Wrote that one down. Saved it for later. For the price, the complexity & balance was all there. Bold, Earthy, Smooth to the finish. Well. Color me impressed! Pig Ear & Kale salad to start. This salad comes with a poached egg on top steamed kale & crunchy fried pig ears. The combination of the crispy & tart kale along with the savory gooey egg and the crunchy smoked bacon flavor of the pig ear? OH ME OH MY. What a dish! This alone could garner 5 stars in my book. This was the superstar dish of the evening and is a MUST must must try. If the idea of eating a pig's ear makes you squeamish, try and ignore your former preconceptions and give it a try. I guarantee you, you will not be sorry you did! Next up: Lardon Iberico, house cured. Lardon is my most guiltiest of pleasures. I guess the pigs of this region eat a lot of acorns, giving the Lardon a particularly nutty flavor. The Lardon is thinly sliced and laid over a thick toasted baguette with slightly charred edges. The buttery, nutty, pork flavored...sinfully rich...melt in your mouth Lardon was just to DIE for! Although we had been told about several amazing entrees the Purple Pig is known for, we HAD to try the cheeses and meats. They had a glossary of meats & cheeses clothes pinned to lamps hanging above the tables. Each meat and cheese offered that night was described on this list. I found this very helpful & clever. Meat (in order of most favorite to least) 1. Prosciutto di Parma. Heavenly razor thin slices of exceptional Proscuitto. 2. Jamon Serrano 3. Sopressata Cheese (also in order of most favorite to least) 1.Manchego - Spanish hard cheese nutty with a slight sharpness. paired great with the spicy Sopressata & the Prosciutto. 2. Cave Man Blue - sharp blue cheese from Indiana. Really tasted great on it's own and also with the Proscuitto di Parma. 3. Podda - soft goat cheese from Italy. Very subtle flavor, almost too much so but paired very well with the fig preserves. For Dessert, we ordered the Lemon Panna Cota. I have always been a fan of panna cota. It's light, it's fluffy, it's well...a no brainer when I see it on the menu. So naturally, the Lemon Panna Cota came and I was quite excited. I was not let down. The lemon flavor was there, but not in the least overpowering. The pistachios gave the dish a much needed texture contrast with the "crunch" they added and a slight bit of nutty & almost caramelized flavor. Candied lemon rinds were added in for an extra aromatic & sweet punch. Panna Cota perfection! What an understated beauty. The best kind, in my book. The Purple Pig is an establishment that harnesses great respect from food lovers like myself. Why? The devotion to true taste, flavors, tradition & expert execution to top it all off. How can you not like a place like this?
