This place is just spectacular. I've been several times for dinner (it's a great date spot), but just recently started going for brunch... I've been the past two Sundays in a row, as a matter of fact. The typical wait for brunch is around 30 - 45 minutes, I'd say... But they take reservations, which is pretty a-typical for a brunch spot in general... Let alone in Andersonville. The mimosas are wonderful... Definitely made with fresh-squeezed orange juice and, at $6 a piece, they're totally worth it. Yesterday, I tried the Bloody Mary and it was exactly how I like it... Full of flavor with just the right amount of heat (and the raw okra garnish gives it a great Southern flair). I tried the gumbo yesterday for the first time and it was amazing. I've read a couple of reviews stating that it wasn't a typical gumbo, as it's made with a dark roux and that some people (who ordered it regardless) just weren't all that into it. But I definitely was! It might be more of an acquired taste... Like a mole sauce. It's thick, dark, smokey and absolutely amazing. Everyone ordered different entrees (Cajun pancakes that were shared, Eggs New Orleans, Bayou Teche and a fried catfish and plantain entree whose name escapes me) and we passed around bites... Absolutely everything was incredible and I'd order any of those entrees again in a heartbeat. There was a minor (very minor... Extremely minor) mishap with the food arriving at the same time and our server was so nice and apologetic about the whole thing. Seriously... Nobody at the table was even remotely negatively affected by this slight (very slight) error (if you'd even call it an 'error') and it certainly didn't have a negative impact on our experience at all. Nevertheless, the server and whom I'm assuming is the manager (I believe his name is Dave) went completely above and beyond to make sure that we enjoyed ourselves, loved the food and would make a return visit. I have every intention of making many, many more. We all left with full stomaches, minor buzzes and really, really great moods. If you haven't been to Big Jones by now, you're really doing yourself a disservice. I absolutely love every single thing about this place. Major kudos to the staff, the management, the chef... You guys have got a really great thing going.
