It was damn near 96 degrees in the shade as late May was test driving summer temps. As I approached 90 Miles, was praying that it was nice and cool inside. First I had a conniption that most of the restaurant was outdoors and the second one came when I began to smell and taste the food. And isn't that really what it's all about? Since our party was pretty large, I started to salivate as most were mouthing their possible entree selections. A nice, fat bowl of black beans was high on my list but because of the sweltering heat, I didn't want to fall asleep at the table. Haha.. "the ITIS". Finally we passed around sweet and sticky Maduro along with some Yuca chips before my Tilapia sandwich made a grand entrance. As you can probably see by the pics this is one sexy sandwich and trust me, IT DOES taste as good at it looks. Crisp batter on the outside and flakey white insides topped with what tasted like homemade tartar sauce and a fresh bun. We were celebrating a friend's wife's birthday and before we knew it the staff brought quite possibly the best vanilla flan I've ever tasted. Apologies to my sometimes vegetarian affection, I could imagine that they'd just milked a nearby cow for this kind of buttery seduction. It was incredibly smooth throughout and with just the right sweetness. If it wasn't so hot out, I would have asked for a cafecito to go with. 90 Miles is BYOB without corkage fees and once the cold Sangria and water in cute Mason jars started to flow, we pretty much forgot all about the early summer temps. It was nice to take in the beautiful artwork and vibe to the Tito Puente and the like playing on the house system. And what's that bag of water hanging from the tent frame? I'd been told long ago that some Chinese restaurants hang a bag of water over door openings to prevent flies and insects from entering, but this is the first time I'd seen it. And not a fly or insect was to be found all during the meal. This 90 Miles location really could boast of having one of the best patios in the city. It was easy to imagine being in the islands during the 70's and that was a pleasant surprise... and comfort.
