I am sorry to say that my most recent visit to Nana was less than good. When Nana first opened, I was quite impressed by the decor, food, and overall vibe. I overlooked the poor service and problems because they were "new". But there is one thing that I couldn't overlook and that is being treated poorly. On more than one occasion I have asked to be seated at a table away from the front door where people are waiting to be seated, hovering, staring, etc. And where it is plain COLD. Nana has been quite "put off" by my requests and so have her sons. On my most recent visit, my family and I went for Sunday Dinner. We were once again directed to the front table by the door and I asked if we could sit elsewhere. Nana directed us to the back of the restaurant next to the kitchen. We were a party of 5 and were being taken to a 4-top. When I told here we had 5 she really became annoyed and pulled up a chair. When I asked if we could sit in the other room, she simply said, "no". Ok, so my son is sitting in the aisle, servers are walking past, bumpin his chair, etc. Let's just enjoy our dinner and get past this, right. NO. Fruit Flies invade our table. My children begin slapping their hands together trying to kill them. Then our food comes...it looks DELISH...but the fruit flies are swarming...landing on our food...needless to say...we lose our appetites...! When the server comes back we tell her about the flies...she SEES them because we have trapped one under our water glass and they are visible on the white paneled wall behind our table. She acknowledges the problem and says she'll talk to someone. Nana had already left at this point. When the server returned, she gave us our check and said NOTHING about our experience. NOTHING. And when we opened the bill....guess what? We were charged $100 for a meal that we couldn't/didn't even eat!!! So, normally I would tweet about this horrible experience, post it on my fb wall, etc...but no. I like the fact that we have a place like Nana in our neighborhood and I don't want to jump the gun. So instead...I go to their website, send them an emial explaining what happened.....two weeks have gone by and NOTHING. NO response to our issue ....just like when we were at the restaurant and complained...NO response so I'm sorry Nana...but I have to tell you that no matter how many times you are on the food network, and no matter how many awards you are nominated for and/or receive...none of that will matter if you don't put your customers first!!!! Please put your egos aside and get back to the business at hand....your customers!
