Sun Wah is definitely tops for a high quality, interesting inexpensive meal. If you go, definitely order their signature dish, The Beijing Duck Feast. For just $37 (per duck, not per/person) you receive a whole duck prepared three ways: With steamed bau and hoisin suace, duck fried rice, and a duck broth based soup with wintermelon. It is fun watching them expertly carve up the duck tableside for the first presentation. I was dining with two friends and there was the perfect amount of food for three people to have a feast (four could share one duck if not overly hungry). We asked our server if he recommended that we order anything else, or if the Beijing Duck was sufficient; he suggested that the only a la carte item we add was the Chinese Broccoli so we had a vegetable accompaniment. We took his advice and this worked out great. FYI it is highly recommended that you order the Beijing Duck Feast when you make reservations; it is off the menu and is not guaranteed to be available if not ordered in advance (reservations are only available via telephone and not on Open Table). If the Duck Feast does not sound appealing, there is an extensive a la carte menu available featuring a variety of Chinese cuisine with staples such as sweet and sour chicken all the way to exotic options such as the rice soup with pork stomach, kidney and intestines. Sun Wah has a very large space and a casual, laid back atmosphere. There is ample street parking (metered parking on Broadway, but free parking on the side streets if you do not mind a short walk); the #36 Broadway bus takes you right there and the Argyle red line stop will get you close. While to food is as good as you can get for a cheap eat venue (and better than many moderately priced restaurants), do not expect upscale ambiance or service. No complaints about the service or ambiance, but just kind of plain. All three presentations of the duck were great, especially the first presentation (with the steamed bau) and the duck fried rice. The Beijing Duck Feast also includes a small dessert; two scoops of homemade sorbet (ours was strawberry). The dessert was the only oddity of the night. Apparently irregardless of your party size they bring out two bowls, each with one small scoop (and the sorbet though good, was frozen solid; we had been discussing Grant Achatz over dinner and I joked that they must have poured some liquid nitrogen over the sorbet). It would be nice if they would bring one bowl per person (or at least offer extra bowls for a nominal surcharge). The sorbet comes with the bill and is also accompanied by fortune cookies (apparently I am supposed to be very cautious of my friends)! Adding to the incredible bargain, Sun Wah permits BYOB for minimal corkage despite having a limited bar. According to their website the corkage is $5 per bottle of wine and $2 per bottle of beer, but our server must have really liked us as we were not charged a corkage. They definitely keep you well hydrated as in addition to ice water, you are also brought a pitcher of hot black tea soon after you are seated. The final tab (including tax and a fairly generous tip) came to just $20 per/person for the three of us; an amazing deal and quite painless (especially after a recent meal at Alinea where the tax alone far exceeded tonight's total bill)! This is the type of venue that would appeal to just about anybody and is well worth traveling to from other parts of the city.
