I dub this my new favorite sushi spot. No, I'm not kidding. Between the elegant and tres chic ambiance to the innovative menu and libations, I am still swooning over this spot! While I know Sunda has been open for quite some time, I haven't had the opportunity to check it out. My sister was in town and we both had a hankering for sushi and fab drinks. I offered up a few suggestions, but hands down Sunda won once she looked at it online. We made a reservation (leaving us minimal options only because it was Friday night at 8 pm). We opted for a 10:30 reservation for two and took our chances by showing up a little early. We were pleasantly surprised when they did seat us early after a short 15 minute wait. The crowd was pretty dressed up. We felt a bit on the underdressed side not wearing a skirt or dress. This is definitely a "pretty people" place. I swear everyone was giving each other the once over. The only ding I could dig up was the fact that it was pretty loud. I don't know if I would go there with my boyfriend just because we wouldn't be able to talk and converse over a date-night meal. I actually like to talk to my company without shouting. After navigating our way to a communal table, we scanned the drink list and couldn't choose between all the available options. My sister went with the Divine Lychee and I went with the Toasted Ginger snap martini. They were equally delicious. We also scored some free drinks sent from another table. We told them to pick for us. And they chose the Blushing Geisha. It was crisp, smooth, and went down way too easy to be tequila! We ordered edamame to begin our meal with. I found it odd that they didnt give us a bowl to put the empty shells into. I also wanted soy sauce to dip my edamame, which I was not offered. We placed our order with three specialty rolls to start off with-- Summer of Sunda, Dragon, and Firecracker. They cleared our plates (with the empty shells) and gave us fresh ones for our sushi. That's when we were offered soy sauce. Now it was time to dig in! Our fave roll, hands down, was the summer of sunda. The flavor palette of the basil combined with the mango and tuna was delicious. I wanted more! I found the dragon roll to be right on. No complaints. The firecracker roll was quite spicy, but plated in a unique fashion. It was made to look like nachos! The wasabi cream looked like a nacho cheese sauce. It was warm, gooey and yummy. Something I wouldn't have expected, but that is what impressed me. I was not able to take advantage of dessert, but I have a feeling I will be back very soon! I definitely recommend this spot.
