I'm going to risk the wrath of the Mercat fans by saying this place was just not that great. The food was ok, worthy of 3 stars, but the bad service, a sneaky upsell incident, and overpricing knock it down to a 2-star experience for me. The dishes are very pricey across the board, and given the overall quality of the food, we definitely came away feeling like we had spent much more than the dinner was worth. As far as tapas go, these are some of the fancier ones I've had, though not among the best. The basics and classics, such as bacon wrapped dates, were disappointing- you can get better at a less chi-chi place, like Ba Ba Reeba. Fair enough though; this place is geared towards the exotic tapas, and some of them were quite good, like the spinach with green apple, and the short rib with diver scallop. Others, like the butternut squash pelotes were weak. More on the topic of this dish in a minute though. Service was really the big downside of the experience though. Our waiter was weird and irritating, sucky-uppy and constantly doing the not-so-subtle upsell. An occasional, "excellent choice" after I place my order doesn't bother me, but it's tapas. We ordered six or seven dishes and really don't need to be patted on the head for our food selecting savvy after each choice. "That's my personal favorite," "Oh, those are delicious!" Yep, thanks. The more obvious upselling ('What delicious cocktails can I get for you?' "Which dessert would you like?" instead of 'Would you like to order something to drink?') was annoying, but it was the covert, sneaky upsell that really bothered us. We ordered the butternut squash pelotes ($14) and the waiter said, "and that dish usually comes with 3 pelotes, but I can do it with 4 for you." It was close to closing time and there were two of us so we assumed he was doing us a favor, and said, "thanks!" The dish turned out to be essentially four teeny squash tortellini- overpriced for what it was, but it turned out that they had also charged us an extra $5 for the 4th one, bringing the cost to $19 for 4 little squash lumps. And if you do the math, you'll also notice that the "bonus" one was more expensive than the three that came with the original dish! Overpriced already, not very tasty, terrible pricing for the add-on, and truly awful and sneaky upselling. When I brought it up with the manager, he seemed shocked that the waiter had not informed us that there would be a charge, and also said he was surprised that they would have charged $5 for the extra squash tortellini thing, and said he'd talk to the waiter about it. But no offer of a refund or anything like that, just said he hoped we'd still consider coming back at some point. All things considered, probably not. Even if it had been cheaper and the service less sketchy, there are better places for tapas in the city.
