Went for dinner on Monday night after grabbing a $25 off $50 gift certificate on http://restaurant.com. 70% off so it cost $3.75. At first it was just 3 of us, then 2 more joined. A tad bummed because then the gift certificate wouldn't go as far. Oh well. This is a very high class Indian restaurant. Server was very professional. Service was awesome, our server was attentive and polite and gave suggestions, but didn't hover and gave us space. Water was filled constantly. At the end of the meal they brought out piping hot towels for us to wipe our hands :) Instead of giving us those gross wafers other Indian restaurants give, they gave us cut up pcs of warm naan and sauce that was the same they use in the tikka masala/ butter chicken. YUM so good. We jokingly said we'd hold off on ordering so we could fill up on bread and not eat so much. We got 2 orders of samosas for starters. They were very good, nice mix of potatoes and peas. Nothing spectacular, but they were good. Ordered a mango lassi, it was pricey at $4.95 but very thick and tasty and just the right sweetness.  Entrees - I got the chicken tikka masala. YUM. Can anyone make this dish taste bad? My friend got the chicken makhani which is the butter chicken. It tasted almost exactly like the chicken tikka masala, except a tad bit sweeter. Our Indian friend said it was because they use whole cream in the butter chicken. Her husband does not like indian food, but found out he really liked the butter chicken, and he promoptly ate half of her dish. Other people got these entrees which I tried out: Lamb rogan josh. Surprisingly the lamb was not very gamey, which was good. Chicken chilli masala - it was very spicy, but not as spicy as Indian Garden's dish. Lots of peppers and onions, and not as much chicken as he would have liked. Lastly - Chicken tikka (tandoori style). It came out on a sizzling platter, but the longer it sat, the drier it got. One thing that stinks about dinner at practically any Indian restaurant is that the price of the entree didn't include rice! Naan I understand, but rice! Come on! So we ordered white and saffron rice, and 3 types of naan - regular, garlic & aloo. Only got about 4 pcs of of the regular and garlic naan. About 3 small pcs of the aloo. Garlic naan was very good, it was oily with chunks of garlic brushed on. We totally had no room for dessert. 2 caveats with the http://restaurant.com gift certificate is that we had to pay cash, and that they add an 18% gratuity. So the bill was $151 total with the $25 off, including tax and tip. So $30/person. We'll definitely be back with a http://restaurant.com gift certificate, but less people next time!
