+ I came here a while back celebrating my birthday with family and friends, and the food was impeccable. The "Salad Bar" could have been a restaurent in itself! The steaks were cooked to perfection, and those little complimentary bread balls with cheese at the center, delicious! The desert trays with the fake desert molds, actually looked real!! And the deserts came out perfectly! - I'm giving it 2 stars mostly for the service, particularly the hosts. We called days in advance to make reservation and let them know we were celebrating multiple birthdays; we arrived on a tuesday, it was a little crowded (mostly with two large parties) but still not too busy. I've worked in restaurants before, and I understand sometimes you try and place someone in a not-so-great table, so the waiters sections are even... but we were placed in a back corner, right next to the kitchen. The ENTIRE meal was filled with noises from the kitchen. So much so that it was hard to hear our waiter OR each other. Furthermore, the table was so close to the wall, that we had difficulty getting into our seats! The table was also not fit for a group of 5, we should have been given a bigger table, or at least not have been crammed into a corner. Everyone in our group was fairly slim too! We asked if we could have one of the 15 other empty tables... the host never got back to us. We would have moved if our waiter hadn't already greeted us. -The tables remained empty for the rest of our stay. Near the end, we were approached by a manager (I assume, I couldn't really hear him) asking how our time was, and we informed him of our ordeal. He apologized, and said he would speak to the host and gave us a free drink. However, we were already ordering desert.. That being said, the food is definitely worth a return visit, but the staff need a bit of work. Hopefully this turns out to be an isolated incident.. For the price we paid in our tip alone, we could have had another person join us, and a couple more deserts. I rarely complain about table placement, but this was just ridiculous, especially on a night where maybe half the restaurant was full.
