Apparently, I never finished(started) my Publican review from 6/28/10... Back then, it was to be 5 stars. I remember getting (but great) expensive beer, a yummy side of broccoli with a runny egg, and some meat dish. However, during my most recent visit, I would give it 3. Let me explain... Coming back to Publican was greatly anticipated in the year 2012. On our last visit, we were so excited for the amazing beer selection, both reasonably priced and pieced out in to sections of your liking. Definitely a plus in my book. That is still the same, thankfully. Still good beer at great prices if you don't want to get too heavy. Our service was also wonderful and we were seated in non communal seating-much appreciated since it was the beau's birthday and I was treating :) On our visit this time, we were again sat at a two-top by the window. +1 I think if you book through Open Table, they are less likely to see you communally, but don't quote me on that. Here is what we ordered and you'll see why I'm only awarding them 3 stars this time around. I'll start with the best...going down to the not so great... 1. Hopslam on draft for $5. Amazing! Coming in at 10%, this alcohol will leave you buzzed but not full, and the aroma is perfectly light and not too sweet. 2. The bread--ok, yea, I said it. The side of bread they give you and the bread accompanying the mussels was fantastic. Rustic, perfectly sliced, and baked. No super seasoning of any sort; it was perfect just being bread. 3. Grilled Country Rib- full size at $23. Probably the only things besides the beer that was worth the $$. It was so tender, and with the cheese sprinkled on the plate, I loved it even more. There was some fat I spit out, but you'll have that... 4. Shaved Brussel sprouts (side) Wonderful, nothing to complain about here but it does look like they come at a hefty price $12--really?? We didn't even pay that much for BS in NYC. I digress...they were good. 5. Mussels half order at $15. Again, a little bit of a hefty price for half mussels, BUT, the portion they give you is pretty generous. The bread, like I said, was fabulous but there was WAY more of it than there was broth. It was like Costco sized bread. The broth for the mussels was one of the best I've EVER had. That being said, there was barely ANY of it and with our copious amounts of yeast, there was barely anything to soak up. Also, the mussels were dry, small, and didn't seem to have any seasoning on them. Bummer! 6. 1/2 Charcuterie plate. $15. Wasn't my favorite of all C-plates in the city but there was an awesome sausage link on there that I could have had plenty more of on ma plate. 7. Dessert- Chocolate Waffle Ice cream. Sounds amazing, right?! Wrong. There was virtually no, I mean NO chocolate on there, with a few sprinkled pistachios and a tiny ass amount of ice cream that did not taste like cinnamon at all. There was some powdered sugar though...At $8, I was anticipating some dripping chocolate in my mouth. Nope. I was expecting to say more about Publican this time than, "the bread was SOOO yummy", but really, that was kind of my feeling. Sad... but I vote Girl and the Goat over Publican.
