Finally, al la carte card #1 used! Had the pleasure of making acquaintances with L&E over the weekend. Luckily the husband had called ahead to find out no such thing as a reservation will happen here. We arrived about 6:30pm on a Saturday night and the wait was already 1.5 hours. No, I did not see any senior citizen early bird special. I did notice, for a place that does not take reservations, the hostess spent a lot of time on the phone. The male host, wish I remembered his name, was spot on. He made everyone feel welcome even took some drink orders, friendly conversation and knowledgeable. We made our way up to the bar for some wine and Green Line Beer. Everyone says how small the world is, and it is true. We ran into a couple we know so that 1.5 hour wait went by pretty quick. When we were finally seated it was by the door which did get chilly but, was I gonna take a chance and wait for another table, I think not. Especially when I heard the hostess tell people 2.5 to 3 hour wait at 8pm! My husband started with the whiskey flight "Rye Not?" he seemed to enjoy it, although Whiskey is not for me. The chef prepared a pork mousse (I will call it a mousse since I can not remember what the waiter called it) with apples and cinnamon. It was just the right way to get started. We went with our waiter's suggestion for starter and entrees everything a bit savory and a bit sweet. For a started we went with seared Maine sea scallops, braised oxtail, black truffle gnocchi and butternut squash it was YUM with a capital "Y". There were 2 scallops on the plate and they were gone in 5 seconds no need for plates :). For entrees I had the leg of venison with sweet potato dumplings, black trumpet mushrooms and fennel and quince pureed and (had to look this up) Huckleberry Vinegar. I pretty much licked the plate. My husband had the half duck with bread pudding. He said it was perfect and pretty much cleaned the plate. Unfortunately, we were too full from dinner for dessert. I can't wait to go back. Saturday night was the first night you could "sleep" upstairs. The couple next to us said their room was nice and artfully decorated. The rates are from $75 to $200 a night, perfect for a romantic evening!
