Holy corn dog. I don't even know how to begin this with a witty thought. Because all energy that would otherwise be used to power my brain is currently focusing on digestion. When I realized that a) it would be 63 degrees in mid-February, b) I had a comp day from a working weekend and 3) I had never been to Hot Doug's, the cosmos fell into alignment. I took a half day from work, hopped on my bike andmet my fellow fat-kid friend at Roscoe and California for an hour of encased-meaty bliss. I've never even bothered to read the other 524 reviews of this place -- I'd heard enough the first time someone pounded it into my head that OMG I NEEDED TO TRY HOT DOUG's-- so at the risk of being redundant, here goes. This place brings people together: smiles all around, door holding, a nice lady telling me I dropped my ATM card on the greasy floor. I wanted to hug everyone in joyous anticipation of the dogs to come, from the businessman in a tie chowing down on his plain ol' dog to the hobo guy with no socks who kept makin' eyes at me between bites of his gyro dog with tzatziki. How Doug manages to stay in such good humor all day, every day as he takes orders from gabby, indecisive tourists is beyond me, but I'm sure it's a big part of why his shop does so well. The other part is, of course, his sausage. My goodness. Between the two of us, FFKF and I had two corn dogs, two orders of fries (one with cheese), a bratwurst and -- are you ready? -- a mandarin orange and teriyaki chicken sausage with chili-garlic mustard and Valfrais chili-paprika cheese. That was mine, copied straight from the website (they list their specials regularly so you always know what you're in for). Oh, and a Dr. Brown's CELERY soda. I wanted to marry my corn dog and have babies with everything else I ate. The lack of a fifth star was for my massively overdressed chicken dog. I had to scrape off the excess with my corn dog stick. I'm...so resourceful. And I'm not sure what else there is to say about this place. Except that it was the best $12.50 I've ever spent on encased meat. I can say that.
