Graham Elliot isn't perfect, but it is seriously verrrrrry good. I went on a Wednesday night with my boyfriend and an out-of-town friend with high standards, and we all came away pleased. From food to service to ambience, this restaurant (despite being on the spendy side) strives to be stylish but unpretentious, and for the most part succeeds. FOOD: GE pretty much lives up to its hype and the food is the reason to come. The dishes are inventive, but despite the flourishes of molecular gastronomy, whiz-bang techniques and xantham gum wizardry take a backseat to creating flavorful, satisfying dishes. Our dishes ranged from really good to exquisite and they managed to be luxurious and accessible at the same time. Here are some recommendations: (Appetizer) Cheddar risotto with green apple, bacon, and Cheez-its - this was the winner of the night- a wonderful mix of sweet and salty in a perfect risotto, and, surprisingly, the Cheez-its are not a gimmick! They add a great tangy crunch. MAKE YOUR RESERVATION NOW AND EAT THIS. (Appetizer) Truffled potato gnocchi with roasted asparagus - this was a close second. Soft, pillowy, perfect, heavenly gnocchi. (Main) Skate with spinach, polenta cake, and raisin compote - wow, this was great. The fish was flavorful, and the raisins are an inspired addition. (Main) Short rib stroganoff with egg noodles and cremini mushrooms - the meat was amazing- silky, melty, delicious. The egg noodle and mushroom side wasn't super interesting, but nothing wrong with it either! (Dessert) Vanilla bean semifreddo with pineapple, coconut, and ginger - really nice combination of flavors and the semifreddo was done really well with a lovely texture. (Bread... sort of) GE doesn't give you bread. Instead they give you popcorn with brown butter and sugar and lemon zest. I'm not sure how well it works as a bread substitute if you've got a hankering for bread, but it's tasty and fun nonetheless. I recommend going for the brownest, buttery-est pieces before your dinner companions get to them) AMBIANCE: Again, stylish but unpretentious. The waiters have their signature Chucks, and the room is decorated with fresh lemons. There's lots of amber wood and warm amber light and it's not too dark. The music isn't the standard ambient lounge stuff that you'd expect at a trendy place, but a mix that even throws in occasional 80s favorites from Springsteen and Howard Jones - definitely not Too Hip for You, even for the over-30s among us. SERVICE: Service was friendly and casual but very capable and attentive. We felt at first that drinks were being pushed on us, especially the cocktail menu, as we'd barely had time to read it before being asked multiple times if we wanted anything off of it. But this may also just reflect the general enthusiasm of the staff. The waiter checked up on us several times, as did the maitre d' who came by to chat periodically (I found this pleasant, not annoying.) Water was refilled, oh, every other minute or so. Which brings me to... BONUS! Hurray for GE and their sparkling water! They have their own filtration system and carbonation machine and reusable bottles- soooo much more ecologically friendly than purchased bottled water (BTW, if you want this at home, Google on 'soda club usa'- we have one and we love it!). PLUS they keep your bottle and your glasses filled, which means you get charged for ONE bottle ($5) no matter how much you drink! Finally a restaurant that doesn't price gouge on bottled water. Given that we easily drank what could have amounted to $25-$30 worth of water at another restaurant, hats off to GE for having both environmental scruples and business scruples where bottled water is concerned.  Other restaurants should follow their example. PS: Graham Elliot Bowles & Staff, if you're reading this, please make a main course size of your cheddar risotto. I will eat there every week if you do!
