I'm still fantasizing about the two times I've been to Mercat!!! For tapas lovers in Chicago, this place is FAR ABOVE any of the other usual suspects (i.e. Babareeba, Iberico, Emilio's). It'll hurt your wallet quite a bit more than those places, but you'll soon forget it as this place, everything about it, is AMAZING, AMAZING, AMAZING... Walking in, you'll think you've walked into a small bar/lounge. Continue around the corner of the bar and up the winding staircase, however, and you'll enter a venue that from an ambiance standpoint, rivals the hottest restaurants in Vegas. Always packed, this is a place where reservations, even on weeknights, are a must. Take some time to clean yourself up as folks here are clearly out to impress. Take in the gorgeous artwork, enjoy the music, and get ready for a pure Catalan dining experience that will leave you wondering why you waited so long to visit. Cocktails, wines, and sangrias are all wonderful. Really valued that my server was knowledgeable about Spanish wines in particular, had a simply divine cocktail made with fresh fruit, and love the seasonal spin on sangria. Highly recommend the chef's plates of meats and cheeses as a starter. The meats are sliced paper-thin and the cheeses all have perfect pairings of fruit, nuts, etc.  Bacon-wrapped dates -- I might seriously go back just for those.  Love the butternut squash dumplings with lamb ragout and black truffles. The Ribeye is a solid bet -- mmmm. A scallop freak, I couldn't get enough of chef Garces combination of flavors! The shrimp, chorizo & garbanzo flatbread had delicious written all over it and did not fall short! I love dessert. Save room for it here. The chocolate croquettes are not only tasty but one of the more unique interpretations of chocolate dishes that I've seen in a long time. Had a phenomenal server the first time but not as memorable server the second. Across the board, however, this is a place you can expect to offer stellar service and attention to detail. Aside from ambiance that leaves other tapas places in its shadows, what really differentiates Mercat from all the others is its menu. There's just something here that screams authentic, pure, true to Catalunya...you just won't find it anywhere else, absent a trip to Barcelona. My advice: go (and go soon!) knowing you're going to spend and just splurge for as much as your tummy can hold.  You'll love everything and shortly after, much like myself, will find yourself dying to go back.
