I really wanted to like Le Colonial more. Reserved a table here for my anniversary with the bf after much research into good Chicago restaurants. The ambiance is indeed wonderful, and every detail is thoughtfully beautiful. It's a crowded restaurant with small tables, so I'd recommend going earlier in the evening (we went at 5:30) to avoid too many people. This is a very romantic restaurant, and they are definitely catering to couples by playing really nice romantic music. On to the food. We both ordered cocktails. They were tasty and unique, which I like, but very expensive ($12-13) and low on actual alcohol. For an appetizer, we ordered the Banh Uot (sesame beef rolled in rice noodles). This was ok, but in my opinion nothing truly special. Not quite worth the $10. My entree was the Bun Thit Nuong, or barbecued pork over noodles. It basically tasted like plain old barbecue pork you can get for $7 at any Vietnamese restaurant. Not that exciting, and definitely not worth $20. The bf had Bo Bitet Tom Nuong, or the steak and shrimp dish with tomato rice pilaf. His entree was wonderful. The steak was tender and juicy, with absolutely exquisite flavor. I didn't try the shrimp (they gave him only 3), but the rice pilaf was also delicious. His meal was very unique, and I believe worth the $28 it cost. A note on the service.... all of the waiters were polite and accommodating. However, they majorly hovered (a pet peeve of mine!). An army of servers positioned themselves throughout the restaurant and waited. The result of this was that 50% of the time, there was a server literally standing 6 inches from our table. He had his back to us, but it truly made me feel as though we could not have a private conversation. I'm all for good service, but I also appreciate privacy! Overall, I was pleased with our meal but not thrilled. The ambiance was beautiful and romantic, but overall the food was mediocre and VERY expensive. I was especially disappointed with my entree, which was quite plain. I guess if you order correctly (as my bf did), you would have a better experience. But I believe that if a restaurant is going to get away with charging huge prices, they sure as hell better have the food to back it up. I don't think I would come here again. Oh, and just a note... the only bathrooms are located up 2 flights of stairs. Something to be aware of!
