Went to Frontera on Saturday for a surprise birthday dinner and the birthday girl wasn't the only person pleasantly surprised. We did our research and showed up early to stake out a spot in line. One of our group arrived at 3:45 pm and there was already one person in front of him- the doors open at 5! Thankfully he was joined shortly thereafter by his wife who brought a personal radio so he could listen to the ND football game. When I arrived at 430 there was a line down the block. The host (I think? Perhaps manager?) came out and took everyone's party size and name down. A few of us hadn't yet arrived and we were surprised to hear that they could hold our table for up to an hour while we waited for our friends. This turned out to be unnecessary and we were seated on the patio within ten minutes of the doors opening. It was a bit cramped for eight people, but the beautiful weather made for a great al fresco meal. The Topolo Margarita I had was great, not too sweet like those made from a mix and very light tasting though it packed a huge punch. We all shared three appetizers- chips and guac, duck flautas, and the Trio Trio Trio ceviche which had a sweet ahi tuna ceviche, one with spicy Hawaiian blue marlin, and a third with shrimp, calamari, and citrus. The ceviche trio was amazing! It all tasted so fresh and disappeared very quickly. I shied away from the larger entrees and had the tacos al carbon with skirt steak. Everything on the plate was delicious and in good proportion to each other. The rest of my group got various entrees and our waiter kept the fresh tortillas coming since everyone ate them alongside their meal, no matter what they had. The most amazing thing, other than the outstanding food, was the number of people who waltzed into the door between 6 and 7:30 expecting a table. The wait by then was 4 hours! They all seemed outraged that they couldn't just show up and eat at a restaurant owned by the recent Top Chef Masters winner. Really, guys? They don't take reservations. Show up early or be prepared to have a long conversation at the bar over a lot of great margaritas.
