It's been awhile since I've had such an excellent dining experience. It's best to go with a boyfriend that doesn't show you the check, because the prices made me a little uncomfortable. (Too bad we have a joint checking account - but I found out awhile later, so it didn't sting so much.) It's definitely a special occasion kind of place. My boyfriend and I went here for our third anniversary. He works at Sepia, so he's waited on a few of Graham Elliot's employees, so the place was talked up to us and with good reason.  Immediately upon arrival, we were wished a happy anniversary. Upon being seated, we were immediately given a complimentary glass of champagne (my boyfriend doesn't drink, so I got two! woo!) and a complimentary order of the Foillipops. I had been looking forward to these so hard, so after the initial disappointment of not seeing them on the menu, the shock and delight of not only receiving them, but receiving them for free was fantastic. I'm not delusional, I saw plenty of other tables with champagne and Foillipops, so this wasn't just some sort of anniversary special - no, they treat all of their customers this well! We got the $75 prix fixe. I could only stand getting the cheapest one because while I do love to eat and I do love fancy restaurants, I am highly against being charged an arm and a leg for food that definitely does not need to cost so much. It makes me feel swindled and that is the only reason I will never eat at Alinia or Tru. It's a pretentious scam. NOTHING about Graham Elliot is pretentious. The waiters are not in all black, the busboys and food runners just wear Graham Elliot t-shirts - and one I saw even had a Graham Elliot belt buckle! Super cool - I wonder if everyone gets one? Everyone is extremely friendly and down to earth. Our waitress (It was a month ago, her name escapes me, I feel like an asshole) was SO NICE, so informative and checked up on us the perfect amount of times while we were eating so we felt neither abandoned nor smothered. The food was out of this world. Just amazing. Delicious and plated beautifully. It was just enough food so we weren't still hungry at the end but we also weren't uncomfortably full (and those who know me know that "Uncomfortably Full" is the title of my future memoir). Here's the best part! After not only our prix fixe dessert but a teeny extra free dessert, our waitress told us they were going to give us a tour of the kitchen! Now I KNOW that has to do with us being "in the biz," and I love it. The kitchen was gorgeous, organized, calm and had an excellent plating station with little individual heat lamps above each plate. I lied, here's the best part: When we got our check we found NOT ONLY an industry discount on it but a "happy anniversary" discount as well! We saved over $50 on our meal just because we're dating and conveniently also wait tables. Being in the biz pays, kids, you oughta try it out. If everyone on Yelp was forced to wait tables for at least one period in their life, I think there would be a lot less crappy reviews of good restaurants written by assholes. Just sayin'!
