So, a few things about other reviews: there are a lot of out-of-towners (not all bad!) and a lot of people who seemed to think this was anything but an Italian-American place. Well, I may live in San Diego, but I am not a Chicago outsider and have spent quite a lot of my life, since childhood, in the city and the suburbs. That said, I'm not surprised that a lot of out-of-towners were either let down or unimpressed; genuine Chicago deep dish is hard to find, and if you think you know it because you've found it outside of Chicagoland in California, NY, or elsewhere, you could easily be wrong. However, I'm quite glad to see that a lot of people from out of town have learned which places to try before they make a judgement on good deep dish. Of course there's debate over the best pizza in Chicago. I like Giordano's, too, and I loved Lou Malnati's until I ate at Gino's East. I'd have to say that I prefer Gino's East. The thing about Gino's East is the crust. Although the last time I went there it was doughier than I prefer (which is partly why I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5), most of the time they get it right. Yes, there's an hour-long wait much of the time, and that's why you order cheese sticks and a pitcher of beer. And since when does eating have to be snap-snap and quick as hell? Only since America, my friends, and this is an opportunity to slow down, take it easy, and enjoy the time you have with the people at your table while you sip at a beer. The service is so-so here. The time that I visited with my younger cousins and only had one pie, the server acted less enthused with us and catered a bit more to the bigger tables with more adults (I guess it looked like we didn't have any money). I've been to other locations with better service though and I am not certain this is entirely representative of their staff. Any pie here with spinach and/or sausage is great if you ask me. And the crust? Fantastic. Never need more than 1 or 2 slices and it's even good when you take it home! All in all, I pick Gino's East for my deep dish. At least come here and try it, then go try other places and come here again.Try other locations if it isn't a spectacular, rewarding visit. Just don't forget your silver or gold marker so you can write on the wall and leave your mark!
