I had a pretty average experience at Sprout when I was really expecting to have an amazing time at this promising restaurant. I have eaten Dale Levitski food before and thought it was better than most of the high end restaurants in Chicago. Unfortunately, Sprouts food isn't Dale at his best and the half empty restaurant during the pre Christmas rush indicates that a lot of people agree with me. The decor of the restaurant is lovely, very minimal but nice. The service was good at all times and our server was able to run the bar and serve us with ease. His knowledge of the menu was really impressive. A nicely balanced wine list lets you chose between moderately priced wines and some very nice wines. The food was hit and miss and some courses were great tasting while others were average and appeared to be stingy on the portion size. The scallop dish gives you one scallop with some grapes around it. It was tasty but definetly too small a portion. My mrs had the pork belly starter and it was excellant. It was the highlight of the night and it really highlighted the difference between my average dish and the mrs great dish. If Dale had more dishes like the Pork Belly this would be a 5 star review. The intermezzo was a carrot and giner soup I think. It was uterly forgetable and I ate the mrs soup as well as she thought there was too much ginger in it. Next was Sprouts best seller of the Short Rib which was tasty and hearty however had too much truffle oil on it. An earlier critic of Sprout said that they felt Dale used truffle oil too liberally and I would tend to agree but too much truffle oil is rarely a bad thing. I had the Pork which again was a small portion and I couldnt find any trace of the tea that the Pork was mardinating prior to its cooking. Very average Pork dish and again I was disappointed with a dish that I know could have been much better. The grilled cheese sandwich intermezzo was very good served with a very tasty cider and wholegrain mustard. I would nearly go back again and try to order 3 of these. Mrs had the corn dessert which she didn't like and I tried to order a coffee. I wanted a latte but was told I could have regular or decaf as they don't have a coffee machine. Not good enough for a restaurant that is aspiring to be at such a high level. After tip and ordering an expensive bottle of wine our bill came to $350 which I don't have a problem with except I was still really hungry after eating in Sprout. Not something you expect to do after spending $350 on a dinner for two. When Dale cooked at Relax Lounge he had an amazing steak dish with his own steak sauce. I would love to see this on Sprouts menu and I'm sure that he would get a higher rating that 3 stars if he did put it on the menu.
