Why only 4 stars? TRU is a delightful indulgence in many, many respects: impeccable and gracious service, playful and intriguing menu, all amidst comfortable and modern surroundings. I give it only four stars because, while it was the most expensive meal I've had the pleasure of eating ($900 for two people), it was not the best meal.  I went expecting ambrosial bliss, but came away noting it _only_ as a very pleasant meal and fantastic experience. My husband and I each ordered the Chef's Market Collection and accompanying wine pairings, as well as the near-famous caviar staircase. In the end we were served 12 courses, plus amuse bouche and other "little bites." It was truly a night of food! There were two courses that very nearly sent me into the foodie heaven I was hungering for: the roasted asparagus with shallots and parmesan; and the braised veal shank with sweetbread cappelli, carrots and veal bouillon. Both dishes were prepared with delightful layers of tongue dancing flavor that sent my head spinning. Oh, and I mustn't forget the dessert! An awe-inspiring accomplishment composed of chocolate hazelnut mousse, orange sherbet, and cardamom-scented oranges. Wow! Additionally I should note the buffalo mozzarella dumpling with green olive emulsion & black olive powder, served as an amuse bouche -- quite enchanting. As was the cheese course (the four cheeses I selected have disappeared from memory, quite upsetting).  The wine pairing with each course was also delightful as an accompaniment (of which I was grateful), but perhaps not awe-inspiring in their own right. The much talked about caviar staircase was a bit of a disappointment, however. Perhaps it is my own fault -- while I am quite fond of caviar, I found the sturgeon caviar lacking a bit in texture and "pop." The slightly blander nature of this type of caviar truly needed the accompaniments of creme fraiche, red onions, and capers that were served. But what was lost in actual flavor was in part made up for in the overtly decadent presentation. The disappointments of the evening's meal came in the form of an over-abundance of foams and gelees.  Every dish, it seemed, was steeped in this trendy food preparation, and as the evening wore on it became rather boring. The foam less so -- every preparation was at least ripe with exciting flavor. But the gelee turned ugly with the course of whipped salt cod and creamy potato -- a foul taste and texture approximating "fishy jello" as though whipped in the Bass-o-matic of SNL legend. One dish I wish I had sent back. Overall, however, the experience was quite positive. I imagine I will be back. And I will remember to order the wine pairings with each course, and to pass on the caviar. (And if at all possible, avoid the gelee!).
