Rick, My husband and I ate at Frontera Grill this evening. We made our reservation one month ago, and were very excited for our meal. We really enjoyed our margaritas and our trio trio trio -- the kind of quality ingredients and preparation that your restaurant deserves. We were incredibly upset with our service. Our entrees took one whole hour to come out after we had been served our appetizer. And our waiter did not check on us between the time that our appetizer was served, and our entrees were almost finished. This would have barely been ok, except that our goat entree (Tuesday night special) was much too salty. Too salty for even salt-lovers like us. We enjoy salt, but this seemed like a fatal flaw and ruined the whole dish and its complexity and thoughtfulness, which might have been the most upsetting part. Since our waiter never once checked up on us, we were frustrated that we could not even send it back for a replacement. By the time he came to our table, we were so frustrated with the meal that we just wanted to leave. We had been so excited about ordering a third drink for both of us as well as dessert, but were disgusted by the service and felt like going home. So, we were very upset that the service was awful for your caliber of restaurant, and both of our entrees had problems. The goat was so salty that we are still reeling, two hours later. I enjoyed my flank steak, but it came out cool, which affected the texture of the meat. But the flavors were delicious though, so I shall not complain about that dish! Both of the tables on either side of us were overheard complaining about the service. It really is a shame that our server disappeared for one whole hour. Had he been attentive and made time to wait on us, we would have had a very good experience. Now, I am afraid that I do not even want to go back. My husband and I love regional Mexican cuisine, and we are endeared by your personality both online, in print, and on television. I am afraid that your celebrity status has overshadowed the quality of Frontera Grill. It is unfortunate that the substance upon which you were lucky enough to gain recognition in the food industry has been replaced by the kind of cow call reserved for tourist hotspots, with the service to match. I do not, of course, know you personally, but my hope was that your seemingly kind and giving personality would be matched by the quality of food and service in your establishments. I am very sad that it was not. I feel sheepish in filling out this online form, but I wanted to bring the really poor service and so-so food to your attention - I hope that you are able to increase the diner's experience in the future, so that your good intentions and culinary experiences are preserved and not relegated to a tourist guidebook instead of a James Beard who's who. Best, Morgan Lommele
