There's only one word for Anteprima: perfect. Don't go to this restaurant because you want "Italian". While Anteprima is indeed Italian food, it's "rustic" (Tuscan I think?) What it's NOT is pasta with red sauce and meatballs (go to La Scarola for a wonderful version of that Italian food experience). I've been to Anteprima with my wife now 5 times. In every single case, the food and service were superb. The meal always starts with a complimentary sample pastry. Tonight it was greens with some pine nuts. We've had a zuchini pastry in the past. It's just a little one-bite appetizer to get the palate ready. Tonight I had the fixed menu (which is available S-Th). You choose either a starter, small pasta and entree OR a starter, entree and dessert. All for $29. Knowing that on my wife's birthday dessert would be a must, I chose the former. I had: Tomato bread salad: tomatoes, cucumber, red onion, basil and big bread pieces (not too hard, not too soft) with infused oil. These are VERY fresh tomatoes and cucumbers and in the summer, this salad is a refreshing start to the meal. I've had this during other visits and LOVED it. Spaghetti with chillies, tomatoes and some crunchy thingys: this was where I talked about the meal being "perfect". The pasta is cooked perfectly, the ingredients and herbs are distributed perfectly throughout the dish and it tastes FRESH! The dish is simple, but has a wow factor that comes from the blending of flavors. It's not too big, not too small, not too messy, not too salty or plain, it's just PERFECT. Sliced New York Strip: I ordered medium rare. The steak might have been a little undercooked (my only complaint about the meal). But it was delicious and was served VERY HOT. The plate was so hot it was untouchable. They took this steak from the grill and must have delivered it in 10 seconds to my table. Alongside the steak was an arugula salad with shaved parmesan that cooked a little bit on the hot plate. The cheese melted a little too and it turned out to be a wonderful accompaniment to the steak. I cut up pieces of the steak and ate them with the greens and cheese. As I keep saying, this was a delicious and simple dish. It was steak with a little green salad and some shaved parmesan. But the flavors were spectacular and their simplicity was SO satisfying. We had 2 desserts - a peach crostata and the "cherries in pastry". The cherries were reduced into a compote and served in a puffed-pastry. That's the whole dish. Very simple/delicious. Frankly, the cherries dish paled compared to the peach crostata. It was basically an Italian peach pie with very dry crust and peaches. My wife remarked that the fruits in both dishes were not "over sugared". The fruits were center stage. And keeping with my theme - both desserts were SIMPLE, fresh and delicious. Some other dishes we've had in previous visits that are spectacular: the orecchiette with lamb sausage and rapini. This is a spicy pasta dish that I love. We've also had an orange cake dessert that our waiter told us tonight they serve only in the winter. The orange cake is all my wife talks about! In summary - the few people that complain about Anteprima call it "ho hum" or plain. I prefer "simple". I would tell those people to pay attention to the details of these dishes. Pay attention to the care the chef puts into the flavors, the ingredients, the freshness. There is a GORGEOUS SUBTLETY to Anteprima that is NOT to be missed. It's officially my favorite restaurant on the north side and a refreshing change from the everyday restaurant experience.
