So the food is pretty good and the patio positively rocks. HOWEVER, I have a major gripe. This may come off as insensitive and/or politically incorrect, but I don't really care. And it's a generalization, but since in the typical restaurant scenario a diner does not interact with the entire staff, it's one I'm prepared to make.  The bus-staff has insufficient command of the English language to properly do their jobs. There, I said it.  How, you ask, can this be possible? Simple. Aside from filling up water (and iced tea) and replacing spent bread, the bus staff is responsible for taking plates away from people. I'll not get into a sub-gripe about the inappropriateness of taking a plate from a diner when someone else is still eating, which bothers the shit out of me, and instead focus on the language skills required to perform this one task.  Scenario 1: I may or may not be done eating, but there is food on my plate. Necessary phrase knowledge: "Are you through with your meal, "Can I take that," "No, I'm still eating," and "Yes, please take it." Of course there are variations, but these are simple enough and distinct enough that even a rudimentary voice recognition package could discern what the intent is.  Scenario 2: There is a substantial amount of food on my plate, but it appears as if I've stopped eating. Additional required phrase knowledge: "Can I wrap that for you?" That's it. He should already know "yes" and "no" (and again, the many variations), and the additional context of actually having the person standing in front of you making wild hand gestures that have no purpose outside a restaurant should help.  Scenario 3: There is no food whatsoever on my plate, AND EVERYONE ELSE IS DONE EATING: It is now appropriate for you to ask about taking my plate...I'll even lean out of the way for you.  We're not talking buffet's here, so those are about it. That's 5 total phrases (and variations) that a competent bus-person should know. I'd like to point out (1) that this is most certainly LESS English than was required at whatever interview took place prior to employment and (2) certainly within the grasp of a broad array of the huddled masses that take refuge in these United States. I fully support many immigrants and hope that in the future there are more job opportunities for them; likewise, I do not resent the general lack of English skills among the immigrant class, as I don't fluently speak any other language and I do travel abroad.  That said, the 3 or so bus-persons I encountered in my recent visit to Piccolo Sogno failed the 5-phrase test miserably. Ignoring the fact that (I'm actually not ignoring it) they attempted to take plates from people in my party long before actual consumption of food had ceased, there were at least 2 other observed instances of total lack of understanding of the phrases noted above. No, I don't want you to take my plate. Really. I know I'm not stuffing food into my face at this moment, but I will be soon, so please leave me to it.
