Toolbags. Clearly, that is the demographic they want. However, I won't hold that against the number of stars I give them.  Immediately upon entering one of the servers had just sat down, but she popped right up and sat us. I wish she would have said that we were about to sit in toolbag central, but, oh well. Clearly, we were around someone I determined to be owner. If he was a manager he was sitting down far too much, hence, my assumption that he was more than manager.  More on the scene later. The drinks! So I got a little kick out of the fact that my water and iced tea were served in small mason jars. Didn't want to drink, but their beer was definitely affordable. Gumballhead is $4! Duvel is only $7! They are one place that doesn't overcharge for the ever popular mediocre Flat Tire...ahem, Frat Tire....DAMMIT....FAT TIRE, at only $4 a glass. They had both Delerium Tremens and Noctornum (I probably spelled that wrong, but that's ok because I don't drink Delerium anymore) for $7 or $8 which isn't bad because I know a lot of bars where you'd pay $10. Their liquor selection, while small, seemed decent. If I need some beers before I head to another bar, I'll definitely consider coming here.  The food. We ordered burgers and split the chips, whatever they were called. Changed my opinion on chorizo, lemme tell ya. See, not too long ago I tried this recipe and maybe I just got some jank chorizo, but, I wasn't keen on eating it anytime soon. They had blue corn chips (nice!) and a 4-cheese sauce that my friend and I both drizzled on our fries. DELICIOUS. The burgers, kind of small, but also pretty inexpensive. Not many choices, though you can build your own........and the Arson was not hot. With a name like Arson, I want my mouth to be on fire. Our waitress, whose name I believe was Emilie (going off of the receipt here) was REALLY nice and was honest when she said it wasn't that hot, but said she'd make it hotter. I guess that means more jalapenos? It wasn't bad. In fact, I enjoyed it and I'm looking forward to eating it cold tomorrow........but it wasn't nearly hot enough for me. She was a doll and brought out Tabasco because she could tell I like hot things. I use Tapatio, but I appreciated that she brought it without asking. She was really attentive and didn't appear annoyed that I was texting before I had a chance to look at the menu (yeah, I was seeing if another friend was coming, so sue me) and she was on top of everything! It was refreshing to have such great service. The downside about their food? The garnishes....like pickles, tomato, onions and spinach or arugula.....the lettuce looked HORRIBLE. Some people like that stuff on their burger, but, it looked bad. Now, back to the toolbags. Seriously, do yourself a favor and check out their website and the pictures. Then, check out their "events" to see what concerts they will be showing. Example....on the 17th they will be showing 3 Doors Down, HIM and Rainbow. REALLY?? Here's a better one. On the 6th they'll be showing Metallica in Mexico City 2008. 2008?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! No. Just....no. Now, not everyone looked like they were trying too hard, but, the owner/manager/obnoxious guy who was clearly "important" looked like he shopped at the X it or whatever is on Fullerton/Sacramento. You know, buying ripped jeans with deep button pockets on the back. Yeah, this crowd looked like that! The suburban kids you'd see drinking Miller Lite at a metal show trying to mosh but instead get the shit beaten out of them. THESE WERE THOSE GUYS. The girls all looked the same. You want some hot metal chicks?....go to that other burger bar. You want some pretty "metal" chicks..come here. Again, the servers were VERY nice, but, these were the chicks that my friends would seek out to hurt at a concert.  I'm just throwing that out there so you know what you're getting yourself into, especially in case you think this is some kind of metal or even DECENT rock bar. However, I swear it didn't come into my rating. They didn't get 5 stars for a few reasons. While the server was nice, she also took my fork off my plate and set it on the table. Eww. She also took my iced tea before I was done with it. Just because I didn't want a refill didn't mean I wasn't going to drink more tea. Third, the food wasn't amazing. What I had was really good and I was very satisfied, but I wouldn't be telling people to rush over here for an awesome burger. The macaroni looked good, like baked macaroni should look, but alas, I didn't try it. Maybe next time. Will I go back? Sure. It's close enough to my house and the beer is cheap. Besides, the crowd wouldn't have bothered me if the "important" guy hadn't been so loud with all of his friends. I don't care that you're now "a professional drinker" or about anything really.  Again, check out the site first.
