First the facts... - Dinner lasted almost 4 hours. We were seated at 5:45 for a 6:00 reservation (we weren't the first ones in the restaurant). They don't have a bar. - We had around 17 courses. The menu that's currently online is pretty much what we were served. - About 1/3 to half of the courses didn't require silverware to eat. Many were single bite meals and we also had some "shooters" from either clam shells or a test-tube. Fingerfoods at Alinea...our kids would have been right at home. - One of us had the wine pairing which they kindly printed on the menu that we were given at the end of the meal to take home...adds about 3/4 of the meal price to the bill. - We sat on the ground floor which is the smaller dining room. The main one is on the second floor. - The kitchen is also on the ground floor and visible from the bathroom entrance - I witnessed no less than 15 chefs in the kitchen including the mastermind himself plating dishes. The kitchen was very quiet. Everyone knew what they were supposed to be doing. - We saw two people in a small room between the bathroom door and kitchen whose full time job appeared to be washing dishes (they use a lot in the service) - Waitstaff were everywhere...all men. The only woman was the hostess. But I think there were some women chef in the kitchen. - Most expensive meal we've ever had (by far) but the occasion made it well worth it. Now the subjective stuff... - I felt like I witnessed and experienced the product of a man who was part chef, part chemist, part artist, part mad scientist. The man is simply brilliant. - The presentation was really unique for each course - Malaysian driftwood? test tubes? vanilla bean as a eating utensil? - The food itself, was very good. Some of the course were definitely better than others. But the sheer number of courses made it hard for me to appreciate any cohesiveness to the meal. While I was able to judge the flavor of each course on its own, I left feeling like I had 17 small bites instead of 1 glorious meal. - Definitely worth the experience but I would only recommend to people who had the right expectations. If you're only focused on the food, don't go. It's not just about the food. It's about the art, the creativity and the vision of one man translated into the setting, food, presentation and service. If you go in with that expectation and can appreciate the experience for all of that, then I think you will not be disappointed.
