Quick synopsis of how this review is gonna go down: The memory of the Radical Reuben picks me up when I'm down, wipes away my tears, and assuages my vegan-in-training fears. The Chicago Diner: home of the best $@#%$#'n sandwich I have ever eaten in my LIFE. This is not a comment I make lightly or glibly--this is a savory, perfect $@#%$#'n testament to what being vegetarian is to me and what it can be for so many others, so lets dive in , shall we? I travel quite a bit (formerly for work, now for pleasure) and Chicago is one of the culinary love letters I keep with me and visit whenever I can. That being said, I had never made it over to The Chicago Diner and resolved myself to making the trek and getting the sandwich that brought people to a dreamy-eyed state when I told them I was going. I mean, WTF is the big deal--I've been to a country load of great restaurants and ate damn well in all of them. Besides, if it wasn't that great I could always get something else or go to another spot--they're not the boss of me! ...well, Niambi reporting to TCD for work sir, because after the first $@#%$#'n bite (and my server as my witness) I softly cursed and began to chew slowly in wonderment--how.the.HELL.did.they.do.that?! A REUBEN. I haven't had a Reuben (or a semblance of) since I was like 13 devouring Johnny pastrami and deep-fried everything like it was going out of style (lil' whippersnapper Niambi was gross, what can I say) The perfectly marinated seitan, Reuben Sauce, Sauerkraut, vegan cheese, rye bread.................................................................I was jolted from my vegetative (see what i did there) state by my server who smiled knowingly at me saying, "First time getting the Reuben,huh? Good wasn't it?" As the tear developed in my right eye all I could do was slowly nod then shake my head in confusion at what I was eating. I eventually left after licking my plate and getting dessert (can't even remember what, blame the radical one), determined to make it back as soon as I could to Chicago--the place that proves vegetarian cooking is limitless.
