I'm thinking more like 3.5 stars....just not quite "yah I'm a fan." I'm critiquing the food/ambiance/service itself...not the type of dining. If I had to chose, I wouldn't eat at a Brazilian steakhouse only because its overkill with all of the meat. So lets begin... The Ambiance... I think I would have liked this place more if everything had a little more structure (I like for things to make sense). The decor totally throws you off. Its beautiful and yet, there isn't a dress code. Why waste a lot of money on an amazing interior if you're going to let out-of-towners in with their hunting t-shirts and ball caps. Yuk. Plus, you yourself have to pay a pretty penny to eat here. I would think that people would want to enjoy it as the nice restaurant that it appears to be. Just because there's a salad bar, doesn't give you the right to wear flipflops. This isn't Old Country Buffet. The wine room that the girl twirls in is cool but she looked bored half the time (as I admittedly would be too). She will pose for a picture though mid-twirl which I thought was nice of her. However, unless you're sitting right by the case, you can't see her because of this massive, yet beautiful, flower arrangement. The Food... The salad bar, which everyone seems to rave about, is good for the fact that the items look and tasted very fresh. There were some items that were just wonderful additions to a typical salad bar such as pan seared ahi tuna, fresh mozzarella cheese (right off of the cheese wheel), fresh goat cheese (my fav!), and an assortment of thinly sliced meats. Other then that, it was just like any other Brazilian Steakhouse. The meat was good. However, only three items stood out (one, in a negative way): the filet, the leg of lamb, and the lamb chops (negative). Both the filet and leg of lamb were delicious. All of the different meat choices were good but these two really stood out and were the only ones that really warranted a second helping. The lamb chops were nothing but fat. I searched and searched and found nothing. Bummer. We didn't stay for desert since we had birthday cake waiting back at the house...so I can't comment on that. The Service... Our two servers were very nice and very attentive. The waitress noticed me looking around the room at the different meats and came over to see what exactly I was looking for. Less then a minute later, I had the filet and lamb that I was looking for. Overall, I think it was a nice restaurant, but I probably won't go back unless a group dinner is planned. You can pay the same amount of money to eat at a really nice restaurant that is equally as vibrant.
