3 stars for food but -1 star for service! Came here on a rainy/humid/sunny Chicago Saturday morning for brunch. Being from LA, where people use umbrellas in the rain and stay inside when the weather is cold, Chicagans are crazy! I was hoping by trudging through the rain, I would be able to avoid a long wait to the popular Yolk! INCORRECT! We waited a good 30 to 40 min before we were seated. But after the anticipation, my stomach was ready for breakfast :) I'm usually not a huge fan of eggs benedict but this is what Yolk is famous for! So I ordered the Eggs Florentine ($9.99) - 2 poached eggs atop an english muffin with fresh sauteed spinach, mushrooms, and tomatos. This is usually topped with a homemade hollandaise sauce - but I got my sauce on the side. I thought the dish was mediocre - but again I'm not a fan of eggs benedict. I did appreciate the generous amounts of spinach and mushrooms.. and the eggs were cooked just right :) My mom ordered Pancakes + Blueberry ($5.99 + $1.99) - 3 large multigrain pancakes served with whipped butter, powdered sugar, and warm maple syrup (choice of toppings: cinnamon apples, peaches, blackberries, blueberries, bananas, or fresh strawberries) The multi-grain option is great and the pancakes tasted gritty and healthy :) YUM! They were generous with the toppings, but for 2 dollars a pop - they really should be! Coffee ($2.30) was unlimited, but our server was so busy, I only had 1 or 2 refills. Which brings me to WHY I'm giving this uber popular place only 2 stars - HORRENDOUS service. Everytime I asked my waitress for ANYTHING, she just looked back at me like I was irritating her. UGH! And she never brought me ANYTHING! I don't understand why this girl is choosing to work at a restaurant. When I got up to pay, the cashier/hostess was completely incompetent and rude! The manager would come by and look over her shoulder and scold her... she would argue back. With the sighing, yelling, abruptness - I started to get annoyed. When I finally got to the cashier, the manager took my credit card swiped it and told me to stand "over there"... he snatched everything from my hand.. and never thanked me once. I regretted tipping them at all. The long wait, crowded loud atmosphere, the rude service.. would allllllllllll be worth it if the food was delicious. It wasn't.. am NOT coming back.
