My cousin took me and her sister here at 5 PM for an early dinner, since she wanted to avoid a long wait or god forbid getting turned away. We waited only a few minutes, but was very pleasant as they have a waiting "hall" in the back of the restaurant to help us escape the cold. I started with the Belhaven Scottish Stout, an awesome dark beer with lots of strong, toasty flavor though fairly strong at 7% abv. As for the tapas, some were fairly good, some were absolutely amazing. Roasted beets with whipped goat cheese and pistachios: Delicious start to the meal! The fresh taste of the roasted beets contrasts very well against the fluffy whipped goat cheese (which was was not too pungent, often the reason why people may dislike it) and the crunchy pistachios. Roasted Bone Marrow: YES. Anthony Bourdain was right, this really was God's Butter. Spread some of that fatty, oily goodness onto buttered/toasted thick bread with some capers and onions and you got Garlic Bread times 10. Butternut squash arancini: This was only okay, nothing particularly special about this. Pig ears: Very unique, tasted like pork rinds with eggs and pickled veggies; this is a must order, though would not be something I'd order a second time just because it seems like something you could whip up at home. Pig's tails: Just like oxtail, this was a very tender part of the animal. In fact, for those of you who've had it, it is very much like the chinese version of soy sauce braised oxtail. Brought me back home a little bit :) Milk-braised Pork Shoulder: Tasted just like pot roast. Don't get me wrong, I love pot roast, just not at tapas prices! Mussels with pancetta, creme fraiche, and marjoram: We added this item on last as we were finishing we because I was still a little hungry. I love seafood, so this hit the spot, though don't expect much if you're comparing it to seafood in New England or San Francisco. After going through this, there's only two things I would go back in anticipation of: Beets to start off fresh, and then dive in head first for the bone marrow!
