You might have a list of your favorite restaurants that are categorized by cuisine -- e.g. "Cafe (insert random Latin word) for Italian, Blah-blah-blah for Indian, Ah-So-Good for Japanese", etc. You really need to be very familiar with the individual cuisine, however, to be able to distinguish within the cuisines, the specific restaurant for a particular specialization or fame.  Korean dining is like that as well -- most places tend to specialize in one or two dishes that make them a destination if you (or your group) is craving that particular dish. San Soo Gap San is more of an all-around player that does all dishes fairly well, but nothing that I'd put adjectives like "fabulous" or "spectacular." In fact, it's a place that I'd go with a group if people are "up for anything" (Korean) but most Koreans won't complain because there's probably a dish or two that they find they like -- probably not the best they can find in Chicago, but decent enough for a meal. Table-side grilling is a fairly typical Korean BBQ restaurant feature (you'll find this in about a dozen Korean BBQ restaurants in Chicagoland), but a lot of them use gas grills -- San Soo Gap San, on the other hand, uses wooden charcoal, which is much more cumbersome (for restaurant) to prepare and handle, but infuses the meat with great smoky flavor. Koreans consider this a superior feature in BBQ restaurants.  Yes, despite the ventilation fans working double time, you'll reek of smell of smoke, food and BBQ after your meal -- not necessarily a bad thing, but I'll make this place the only/last destination for the evening. This is true of probably most Korean BBQ places. My reason for sometimes opting to bring my friends here, which also happens to be the best deal at San Soo Gap San, is that if you're coming with a medium size party (+5) and would like to sample different types of dishes, they offer combination deals that are offered only to parties of 5 or more. (Think of this as "family style" offerings in some Chinese restaurant.) You get two types of appetizers for the group, ample serving of BBQ (meat/style of your choice -- you can mix!), stew and cold buckwheat noodles (more on this last bit later). Banchan (Korean side dishes) are always included in any meal, and you can always ask for more. The three different prices ($17.99 - 21.99) reflect the different appetizer/stew option, but for non-Koreans, I'll stick with the $17.99 option; from my experiences, my non-korean friends did not like the stews in other options. This is a very fair price, and San Soo Gap San is unique that it's one of the very few Korean restaurants in Chicago that offers this type of full meal course combination. You might as well order a bottle of soju (a clear distilled Korean liquor -- about 42 proof) with your BBQ meal. You drink it in shots. That's what Koreans do with meat dishes, especially BBQs. A note on cold buckwheat noodle: after Koreans stuff themselves silly on meat (believe me, we do), they still have a bowl (albeit a small one) of naeng-myun (buckwheat noodle in cold broth). Whether it's to balance the hot (BBQ) with soothing cold (naeng-myun) or the protein/fat with carbs, I do not know -- but combination of BBQ and naeng-myun is a Korean tradition. A word of caution: while most of my non-Korean friends are delighted by the combination-meal experience, I've yet to find one who cared much for naeng-myun. San Soo Gap San is rarely the first restaurant that come to people's mind when we're deciding on a Korean restaurant, but if we cannot agree on a place, we often resort to San Soo Gap San.
