Oh, this pains me. The Publican used to be a favorite but Sunday's visit really aggravated me. Has the bloom come off the rose? It used to be a joy to come here. This time, the overwhelming feeling of the day was annoyance. I was annoyed that we generally received very little attention from our server, despite being seated in the back left corner next to the bus/server station.  I was annoyed that our server did not seem happy to be waiting on us. I was annoyed that my menu was dirty. I absolutely do not mind that the brunch menus were printed on the backside of Thursday's dinner menu. Conservation is a-okay with me. But how do you hand a customer a badly stained menu, and how are they getting stained so early in the day anyway? I was extremely annoyed, on behalf of my wife, that they were out of iced tea, and didn't seem accommodating or sorry about it. How do you run out of such a basic product? And how can you fail to make more? It's not like the armored iced tea truck comes around only at 4am the first Tuesday after a full moon. I don't care how posh or arcane your iced-tea process is, just take someone off carrot-pickling duty for a few minutes and have them make iced tea. And if your iced-tea process IS too posh or arcane for that to work, then your pretension has exploded beyond all proportion to your restaurant concept. It's iced fucking tea. I was annoyed by the lack of variety on the brunch menu. I can't remember precisely, but on my last brunch visit there seemed like so many different choices. Yesterday there were about ten, only two of them vegetarian. I was annoyed that I was never offered a beer menu. I had to ask for one halfway through the meal. You guys do still portray yourselves as a beer-focused restaurant, right? I was annoyed that our server took several minutes to return for my beer order, despite passing directly by the table twice during that time. I was annoyed at our server's reticent, three-word descriptions of the two beers that I asked about. This place allegedly prides itself on putting its wait staff through the first level of the cicerone program. So why bother if they aren't going to use that knowledge to educate their customers and, you know, TRY TO SELL SOME BEER? I was annoyed, on behalf of two other tablemates, at the lack of coffee-refill attention. Their cups sat empty for at least ten minutes while we watched adjoining tables receive unrequested refills from a roving coffee-server. Neither he nor our regular server ever gave a glance into my friends' empty cups, despite the hawkish attention paid to our neighbors. My friends finally had to turn around to the server/bus station and ask a totally unrelated waiter for help. And sadly, stunningly, I was even annoyed, or disappointed really, by the food. I enjoyed my maple-glazed pork shoulder, but the pickled cauliflower had no business in that dish. I ate it separately, and the rest of the dish worked well, but come on. There was a nice, mild savory polenta or grits kind of base, with sauteed spinach and the pork on top. It all tasted great together. But the cauliflower was a stranger in a strange land, and I was desperate for something neutral and bready to balance all that salt and sugar. There was no toast included with my dish, though there was with the other two brunch entrees at our table.  But, as I said, I enjoyed the dish. Not so for my wife's omelette. I ate several bites and found it to be utterly boring. It was a curiously smooth-surfaced cone of plain eggs with some stray broccoli on the side and a bewildering profusion of chopped, partially charred onion bits.  To which I say "???" and "Zzz." By my count, that is five demerits for our server, three demerits for the restaurant, and two that could go either way. So even if you took the one bad server out of the equation, there are still substantial institutional transgressions here. I won't speculate whether Paul Kahan has finally spread himself too thin, or whether the establishment has begun to take its patrons' rabid adoration for granted, or whether they are going through some kind of restaurant ennui. Oh, oops, I guess that I just did. Well, in any case, they have degraded significantly and I am taking them off my list. I wouldn't turn down a free meal if someone offered it to me, but the Publican is too expensive and too far off my beaten path to justify spending my dollars and time there willingly.
