So I finally joined Yelp and find myself doubling back to post a long-overdue review for Caro Mio. Back in June, I had organized a large surprise dinner for my girlfriend to celebrate her grad school graduation. The food was great, the service was good, and if my story ended there, I would be giving this place 4 stars. Alas, she and I returned the next evening, having realized that we likely had left flowers and several graduation cards (some, we found out after-the-fact, with money in them) in a gift bag at the restaurant. Upon our return, we discovered that, despite restaurant management having my name and cell phone number from organizing the party, (1) our flowers had been placed in a vase and put on display in the restaurant, and (2) only one card was left, which for reasons unknown, the owner had stored in his car. When we asked what had happened to the bag and the rest of the cards, the owner became needlessly defensive. When he somewhat angrily and sarcastically offered to have his staff check the dumpster from the night before, we took him up on the offer. After about 10 minutes of our waiting awkwardly in a crowded restaurant, the owner and accompanying employees returned with the gift bag in tow, which was torn and empty but for a bunch of coffee grinds. Now, that should have been the end of it; however, the owner, apparently being the sensitive type, then had an employee fetch our flowers from the shelf on which they were perched, after which the owner rather dramatically proceeded to throw the flowers into the bag, even more dramatically followed by his tossing the bag at me. (If only his principled stand had extended to throwing back at us our $800+ from the night before.) And as if the point even needed to be made, the owner pronounced that my girlfriend and I were banned from his establishment. After telling him I thought he needed to ease up on the steroids and then walking out of the restaurant with my girlfriend, as if to confirm my point, the owner decided to follow us out of the restaurant so that he could yell at us as we walked down the street. Long story short: food = good; owner = crazy.
