This was my first fondue experience ever... and I loved it! We came here with a living social deal, to which I am extremely happy about it because it would have been one expensive midweek dinner. I wouldn't mind spending that type of money on a special occasion or celebration, but we didn't have one that night. Anyway, this is by far the most romantic, coziest, undergroundish restaurant I've ever seen. The ambiance is unlike any other... I felt like I was in a dungeon, but not in a bad way. The entire restaurant had wine bottles in every hole, shelf, or wall possible, along with some pretty cool art. This is def the place I would tell people about if they need a night out in a intimate setting. Now onto the food...we both went with the combo dinners. I had the chicken breast with pacific lobster tail and my boyfriend had it with scallops. It's a steep price option, but it included the cheese fondue appetizer which had all sorts of goodies you can deep into the cheese and a salad. There were different breads, grapes, apples, and a few other items as well. Never thought that apples would taste good in melted cheese, but it was delicious! The meats/seafood came with a bunch of vegetables, potatoes, and eight different dipping sauces. There was also the dessert - which was the chocolate fondue. We were soooo full by the time that dessert came around, we ended up taking it home. It came with marshmallows, strawberries, pineapples, small pieces of rice krispy treats, and other things. Everything was amazing... Our waitress was the best! I wish I remembered her name... she answered all our questions, helped us "cook" the first part of our meats, and was very attentive. I usually don't need help with dinner, but fondue is an exception when it's your first time. All the other staff were also extremely friendly too. When I first called to make a reservation, the man on the phone was rude, so I was taken back by that. However, we had to reschedule twice since, and everything else ended up going great. Only complaint that we both had is that we were worried we were under cooking the meat, but the waitress ended up leaving her little flashlight for us so we could check on the color of the meat. Since this place is a bit out of my price range for normal dinners, I don't know how soon I would be back for dinner, but I def will be back for dessert, esp since we didn't save enough room the first time around!
