Well, I had a tough time trying to decide between 2 or 3 stars...On the one hand, I have been to places of this ilk that are executed much much MUCH more poorly than The Violet Hour, (See my review of Bourbon and Branch in SF)...On the other hand, there are bars like Cafe Absinthe in SF that serve expertly crafted drinks with absolutely none of the pretense, so.... I completely understand the whole speakeasy concept. Sorry Violet Hour, but you are not the first bar with 'mixologists' that want to 'recreate an atmosphere that harkens back to the days of classic cocktails, the likes of which haven't been served since the heyday of the American Bar at the Savoy in London' whew.....did I get enough speakeasy high-concept-y mixology type buzzwords in there? I sure hope so...I won't even complain about the line or the doorman or the service, because frankly, compared to Bourbon and Branch, this was 5 star customer service. However, this was indeed the first time I have been somewhere and seen people from the BACK of the line let in first. "Darling, did I mention that I'm friends with Liza and Andy Wharhol? Jerry Hall is waiting for me in the bathroom with a gram of Columbian" Really Violet Hour? Really?! That being said, the times I have been to this bar, the drinks are made well. They know their stuff, and they will respect you and make you a good drink if you know your stuff and dare to go 'off menu'. In fact, this bar could even be tolerable to mildly enjoyable earlier in the evening on a weeknight, but since I now live in Ann Arbor, I shall never know.... The minus 3 stars comes from the fact that my parents (tragically unhip company, I know dahlings) and I were seated on the edge of the infamous square-shaped ottoman that is about a foot away from the wall. For those of you who went to Catholic school, this is akin to the classic punishment of being forced to sit in the corner staring at the wall, but this is a very very dark corner that you pay to sit in. Unfortunately, this area does not come with complimentary neck massages, as you must constantly crank your neck around to talk to the waitress or your company. I reckon that the side of the square punishment ottoman facing out into the bar might be slightly more pleasant, but only slightly. In summary, for classic, well-made cocktails, you need to go to classic places; old hotel bars, places with some character and some characters, places that are still around for a reason. Don't bring your parents or any other 'uncool' people (under the age of 30) if you want to be treated decently.
