The seafood crab combination dinner we had for 2 was good, not great. Bad judgmental service is what this is about. Might have been luck of the draw, and maybe the other servers are nicer. And maybe you'd have a better experience if you plan ahead to make reservations. Either way I don't appreciate judgmental service though. My bf and I sat in the bar table area since we did not have reservations. The waiter was initially average. I am not a very high maintenance person, so usually even average service will buy you a good tip. We don't drink, so just asked for water. The table next to us immediately ordered a number of drinks and appetizers. We could hear a totally different tone of the waiter with this couple. He returns to ask if want an appetizer, which we tell him to give us more time to look at the menu. He seems slightly eh and just walks away. Meanwhile still completely different tone to us versus table next to us. He returns for our order, which we order $100 worth of food. He immediate jokes with us a bit and his tone becomes more pleasant. He was fairly pleasant at the end before our check, when he packaged our desert because we were too full. At the end of the night I handed him one of the Let Us entertain you scratch coupons for $15. Immediately his tone changes to being rather rude. He assumed I was going to stiff him I suppose, since I was using a coupon. He doesn't say much more to us and is rather cold. After I sign my credit card receipt, immediately he leads two ladies over to our table and hovers over our table before we even gather our belongings to push us out. He does not offer a thank you, have a good evening, but purely only addresses the ladies he's trying to push into our table. I am apalled by the way I was treated purely based on his judgement of me. I do not only eat at nice restaurants when I have a coupon, but if I have one, I have no shame in using it. I do not believe I am too good for it or low class if I use one. I have been to plenty of nice restaurants and have not been treated so rudely. I usually tip 20% and if i use any form of a coupon its prediscount that I tip. It was even hard leaving the guy 15%, which I still did because that was still lower than I even normally tip. Bottom line is I don't understand nice restaurants putting out a coupon if they assume people are suppose to be too good for them And that anyone who uses them is going to stiff their server and never come back anyways. Why even put a coupon out. Also it bothers me that the way our system is set, encourages servers to gauge you to determine their level of service. If they assume you fit a stereotype that will not tip well, they are absolutely different to you. I have been treated so much better at many other expensive restaurants.
