I have never, I repeat, NEVER felt like this after leaving a restaurant. A week after Mothers Day mom has to have some Korean seaweed. We've been to San Soo Gab San before and weren't really impressed, but they do have seaweed and that's what mom wanted so (reluctantly) off we go. We went on a Saturday at about 3:00 in afternoon. Party of 5, I figured it was best to get there early to avoid the crowds and bad service. We were greeted nicely(surprise) and seated. Not including us, there were only two other tables being occupied during our meal. There were three waitresses total. Received our menus along with some ice water(yippee) and thought so far so good. No line, no wait, friendly staff, water with ice and Parking. JACKPOT. I usually order the same stuff at Korean restaurants so the menus are a no-brainer (most of the time) and was pretty much ready to order. We waited while two waitresses cut a pancake and ordered 15 minutes later. "number this, number that, number this, number that and two orders of Japche". You See no-brainer. First, the panchan(whatever) arrived. Then the raw meat came all on one plate mind you(we ordered three). The waitress explained that all the meat($60 worth) we had ordered was on this plate. Ripoff 1. I couldn't believe it but it was mom's day so I wasn't going to get crazy. A few moments later two plates of Japche arrived and of course they split one order to make two. Ripoff 2. They finally bring the sticky rice and bring four bowls, there's five of us. The waitress say's $2.50 more for extra rice. We ask for refills(our first) on two plates of banchan and when this lazy ass b@#$% waitress comes back she said "No more!" "You want more, $4 dolla eash". WOW! That's a first... During our meal, employees (waitresses, busboy, grandpa Munster) keep excusing themselves to get to a door which was a overstock/coat room in our table area. So my daughter(many times) had to stop eating and get up so they can pass. Why you ask would they seat us there when the place was empty? Lazy/Bad business. Whenever they opened that door a foul smell would leak out. A waitress who had excused herself to put away her belongings must have noticed our discontent because she asked if we wanted any refills on banchan. "Sure". We pointed out a couple plates of our favorites and off she went, of course she didn't bring anything we asked for just the same crap we didn't consume the first time so now there's double crap on the table. So we asked if we can get some more seaweed for mom and she returns with......Not seaweed, THE BILL. We were only there for twenty five minutes and not done with our meal! Looking over the check I noticed 20% Gratuity had been added to our bill. Mom wouldn't let me raise hell, she was over it. I told her they're going to bring us some water, were paying for the service. I asked for water many times, never got it. I had to hold the bill/check for ransom. I said "if we don't get any water you don't get this." The waitress reaches behind the counter and pulls out a pitcher of water. I hand her the bill. She looks at the bill and says something in her native tongue to her coworkers out-loud . Probably regarding the tip or lack of it. Little did she know that I read on yelp that they like to add gratuity themselves. They had the nerve to try and get double tipped. I pretty much had it with this place. The service and food(or lack of it) had me boiling. only three tables occupied and the staff thought it was break time! I believe this is the first time I EVER left a Korean restaurant HUNGRY!!! I should have stuck to my guns and took Mom to the "Hole-in-the wall" Korean restaurant right down the street. Not a lot of ambiance, just great food! San soo gab san has much to learn.... I won't ever come back.
