The overall Frontera experience was probably about 4.25/5. Upon entry at around 8:45-9pm on a Tuesday we were greeted by a host who immediately showed us to an open table near the bar. I think this might be a good time to arrive if you don't mind eating later, because according to the other reviews it can be quite a pain in the ass to get seated during peak times. We started off with their Blue Agave Margarita with Cazadores Reposado substituted for the default blanco and the Yucatan ceviche. The drinks arrived after about 3 minutes and were rather delicious. The lime and the tequilla were married expertly with a hint of Cointreau, which left us both impressed...it justified the 11.50 price. The ceviche arrived next in a cocktail glass with lime chips on a small plate. It was very tasty, fresh and just as it should be. The only complaint was that it left me wanting more (being more accustomed to larger 'merican-sized portions, I guess). For the main course we both ordered the Tacos al Carbon. I chose catfish and my fiancee ordered the chicken. It took probably 12 minutes or so to arrive, but was timed pretty well so we didn't have much of a wait after our ceviche was finished. Also, I requested 'actually spicy' habenero salsa which the waiter was happy to oblige. The tacos were delicious, with a near-perfect portion size and very tasty guac on the side. The habenero salsa was spicy, slightly tangy and made me sweat a little bit (like it should). The other salsas weren't nearly as spicy, but I can tell a good salsa when I taste it and these were all 4.5 or better. That was the good. Following are the reasons that I subtracted .75 points from the review: 1) After ordering our dinner (the tacos) the waiter suggested to me that we order some rice, beans or another side. I didn't prompt for this or ask any questions about the portion size, so it was strange. For an establishment of this caliber I don't expect or appreciate attempts at up-selling. 2) Upon having our tacos served our waiter made a mention that if we needed more tortillas we could just ask...which was fine. However, between two people we only had 5 very small tortillas. Although they were fresh and delicious, why couldn't they just give us enough in the first place?...and at least give 6 for two people! We had to wait probably 3-4 minutes to get the waiters attention and request more. tl;dr Great drinks, great food, prompt service (mostly), but an up-sell attempt and a slight attention-to-detail problem required a .75 point deduction. I'll go back for sure. Cheers.
