Solid Food, but a little pricey for "street food." First of all, I must say that this was the CLEANEST kitchen I've seen my entire life. Damn, it was f-in spotless.  Even the pastry area was spotless. The "sparkling" and "still" water dispenser was also a very classy touch. Kudos. I had two items, the Cochinita Pibi (Suckling Pig)l sandwich and the Shortrib Chilie Soup.  The Pibil sandwich was good due largely in part to the excellent LaBriola Bakery Bollio roll. A superb baguette. However, my sandwich really didn't have a lot of the achiote paste that distinguishes a Cochinita Pibil to a plain old roast pig.  I was kinda disappointed. the pork was a little dry and I would've liked some bits of crispy skin.  The Short Rib soup was excellent. I'm Korean and we love anything that's hot, spicy, soupy with short-rib. My love for this soup wasn't any different. A very clean, spicy broth with lots of firm potatoes, short rib and zuchinni. The Epazote sprigs really brought the soup to life.  Probably one of the best soups I've had in a restaurant for a while. Personally, one sandwich wasn't enough for me. Eating two entrees in one sitting just reaffirmed that I'm a fat kid, but it was also expensive- $24 bucks. This brings me to my next point. I really like the idea of chefs sourcing their meats and produce from pristine places. That's great, but I think chefs should ask themselves the following questions.... -Does it really make the food taste better?  -Should the customer be expected to pay through the nose for a chef's self-indulgence and attempts to brand himself as "socially and environmentally conscious?" -Does anyone really care if you beef comes from Farm X rather than farm Y? For me personally, I would say no. I think what happens a lot now is that the customers are paying for the "expense" of raising an organic cow rather than paying for a product that is superior in taste and quality. Case in point: Costco steaks - great quality, flavor, cheap and not necessarily "organic."  For the same price, I could get a very mediocre quality organic steak at Whole Foods. In my opinion, chefs should just buy good ingredients, not necessarily all organic ones, and knock the customers off of their feet by creating something that's more labor intensive such as moles, fire-roasted salsas, uchepos (corn-tamales), etc *OR* if they don't want to put in the extra work - charge less.  Regardless, I really liked the food.  But it missed the true spirit of good "street food."  Good street food is cheap, simple, the surroundings are a little gritty and urban. There's that sense of danger and adventure, from not knowing what you're eating to the sandwich you're eating which might very well be your last due to the poor sanitation.  That is what make street food so great. I would go back for another visit, but the determining factor would be whether if the line is out the door. If that's the case, be prepared to wait at least 35-40 minutes.
