Dear BFF (in my dreams) Rick Bayless: Is there anything you can't do? Do you think in another life you were a Mayan chef to a king? I mean, seriously, when it comes to Mexican cuisine, is there anything you can't create? Can my partner Lynn and I come over and hang out and watch you cook? Have I asked enough questions? Can you call me, leaving a one word message "tomatillo?" I had sworn I would be first in line when XOCO opened last year but alas the crowds scared me away. I knew the space was tiny and had an oddly shaped long layout that only seats around 40 or so people so I just didn't want to stand in line outside for an hour. But on a recent Thursday night, my friend Zenmaster Daniel and I finally made it over to XOCO - perfect timing - 5:30 pm - no line! We ordered two tortas: the ZM had the Ahodaga - golden pork carnitas, black beans, tomato broth, spicy arbol chile sauce w/pickled onions which was good but didn't compare to my choice - the Thursday special torta - Mole Poblano: Braised pork, wood-grilled onions, crunchy fresh garnishes w/fresh cheese. Scumptious! Mole aficionados be forewarned - this is not dripping with mole sauce. In fact, I asked the server if I indeed had the correct torta as I was expecting (my bad) that it would be drenched in mole. Nope. But it was so tasty and flavorful! I was going to order the "chips & salsa: tomatillo salsa, 3-chile salsa w/just-made chips" (because you can't go to one of your establishments and NOT order something involving "tomatillos"), however, we opted for the Frontera guacamole instead - because it is to die for - because it's like manna from the gods - because I want to slather it all over my body. Since the soups are large, the ZM and I split a caldos (which are only served after 3 pm). We chose the Shortrib Red Chile Soup - braised tallgrass shortribs, red chile broth, roasted vegetables, epazote, wild arugula and lime. What can I say except outstanding - not to be missed! And finally, the moment this sweet eater had been waiting for all night: homemade churros with a Barcelona - thick hot chocolate. I approached the churro with great trepidation as I am not a fan and had in fact told the Zenmaster that he could have the whole plate if I took one bite and hated them. Sweet Jesus, I have seen the light! Three for $3, I would have paid $10 for these things. Served hot, moist, lots of sugar and also some nutmeg and/or cinnamon, they were fantastic. I am now craving them so bad......it's not funny, Rick. The Barcelona was perfect - it is not too sweet or sugary and is an excellent complement to the churros. Interesting concept of ordering at the counter and having it brought to your table - and they even took our dessert order at the same time and brought it out later without us having to ask.  People complain that the tortas are expensive ($9-12) but hell, they are the size of my head! And you know what? Our meal only came to $24 each for a ton of food which I had no problem with. And so, my dear BFF Rick darling, keep it comin' 'cuz we're gonna keep supporting you and your fabulous creations. Namaste, Deborah E P.S. Next time you go to the Yucatan, can we go? No? Okay, how about the next time you go to yoga, can we...........
