This restaurant will never get more than 4 stars because the service (and the parking lot) SUCKS!!! If you're a veteran customer of 10+ years like myself, then you know this is the norm. Just park down one of the side streets and walk the 50 feet. I love Korean BBQ b/c it's a great time for social groups, cooking it to my own personal preference, and I love meat! It can get pricey, anywhere between $25-$50 per person (depending if you're boozing or not). FOOD: They give you about 20 small dishes filled with snacks. The potato salad is good, kimchi is my fave, and soybeans are always good for you! For appetizers, the seafood pancake is always a big hit amongst our group of friends. The mandoo (dumplings) are pretty good too. They come out crispy with a sweet dipping sauce (yummy!). I *ALWAYS* order the bulkoki (finely sliced marinated beef) and kalbi (thicker cuts of beef- they give you the bones to clean the grill). Those are my two staples here at San Soo. I have also had their spicy chicken, which is OK... I've also had their bacon that comes with an oil and seasoned dipping sauce. I only order this when I'm int he mood for it. Be careful when frying this, it can splash!! NOTE: You only get 1 rice bowl and 1 soup bowl PER ENTREE. Additional rice/soups must be charged for. DRINKS: I don't ever drink ANYTHING here. Why? Because soju is only $6 a bottle at H-Mart, yet they charge $14. No pop, no tea, just water please. I'd rather save room for FOOD! The bus boys are pretty attentive, they change the wood when necessary, they change the grill when it gets too cakey, they bring additional lettuce leaves and bean sauce when asked politely. I saw them more than I saw our own server (this was on Sunday evening). I work as a server at Solder Field during Bears games and I have to haul @$$! The management should know, if you're THAT busy- you're under staffed. OR they simply don't care... not sure, what it is?!?! Be warned that it can get smokey in the restaurant during the busy weekends and you may reek of the smokey scent when you leave, but the beef is phenomenal. That's the ONLY reason I keep coming back. I organized a 30 person birthday dinner and they were very accomodating. I try to keep this place for special occasions, such as completing my 2nd marathon. My legs might've been sore, but my arms had no problem lifting those chopsticks! =)
