This place is a popular place to go, especially on Saturday during peak lunch hours. I went with friends who were visiting. The line was outrageously long but the server/hostess was very polite and calm. I liked how the staff made sure that once you and your group got your food, they made sure your group had a place to sit. It's nice to see a staff that makes sure each customer was satisfied with the table he or she were sitting instead of urgently forcing people to sit anywhere. My group got a nice outside table in the front. The tables outside were long and narrow. We weren't allowed to sit facing each other because of pedestrians walking by. So, all four of us sat awkwardly in a line. It was kinda humorous because we looked like a munching spectacle. Every person that passed by would stare at us as we devour our delicious lunch. Now the food was delicious. My friends and I started with the Guacamole & Chips ($5.75) which came with two salsas. One salsa looked like a green tomatillo salsa and the other salsa was a red/orange chile salsa. Each dip was delicious and the chips had a nice crunched to it. Next we had our main dish. Three of us ordered Goat Barbacoa tortas ($12) which is a special that is served on Saturdays. The torta consist of braised goat with a special salsa, avocado, onions and cilantro. The ingredients were so simple but it was very flavorful. Also the bread that they use was nicely toasted and very crunchy. My other friend had the Pork Belly Vermicelli ($12). It's basically a bowl of beautiful red broth with vermicelli noodles and crispy pork belly, harmonized with chopped zucchini, mushrooms, onions, and avocados. I thought it was interesting that they would add avocados in the savory soup. My friend let me try the broth and it was nice to taste how these ingredients compliment each other. The broth was very delightful. At last, we ended our lovely lunch with some churros which I recommend getting with ice cream or hot chocolate. My friends and I were pretty full but we just ordered the churros without the ice cream and hot chocolate. I'm giving this place four stars for the price being a little too high, but hey! I guess It's downtown Chicago, so I should expect it. Overall, I enjoyed my experience here since I'm fairly new to Chicagoland but I believe I would be coming here again in the near future.
