If anyone wants to do lunch- call me, we will go here. No really- I can't wait to go back and I just went last night! Thank you to all the suggestions from yelpers- props to come!- everyone i was there with thought I was making all these awesome decisions on my own! They don't take reservations but told us that the line starts at about 6 so we got there at about 530 to hopefully beat the rush. We were a big group- 10- so it was a bit of a tight squeeze but i don't think anyone minded it. Kind of added to the family style atmosphere of the place. I didn't expect it to be so small- for a place with this kind of notariety, i'm not suprised that people have to wait for an hour to get a table, there is not much space. HIgh ceilings, a lot of brown and wood decorate the space. Really laid back vibe. Service was great- our waiter was a very friendly guy. Did not catch his name but he was kind of cute too. Eager to offer suggestions which i always appreciate- especially when he turned out to be right! Even servers who weren't ours were happy to take an order for another bottle of wine. The food- oh the food. What didn't we try. I wish there had been labels on the dishes because we ordered a whole lot to pass and i'm not quite sure what everything was! I can definitely recommend the Chorizo Stuffed Olives, Braised Baby Artichokes with Fingerling Potatoes, Asiago & Salami Toscana, Milk Braised Pork Shoulder with Mashed Potatoes, Jimmy's House Made Greek Sausage with Rapini & Grapes, Chicken Thigh Kebabs with Fried Smashed Potatoes & Tzatziki, and the Pork Blade Steak with 'Nduja & Honey. They don't bring it all out at once- it comes out as its ready. If you go in and get one thing get the french fries of the sea. so so so good. we had like 4 plates of them. We went through a couple of bottles of wine, not sure of everything but we got a couple bottles of Pinot Noir that were fantastic. I really liked this place. The atmosphere, the food, the service- I can't wait to go back.
