Put a Fork in Me, I'm Done. Like, Fo Realz, Yo. I had some seriously weird dreams and very twisted thoughts after (over)eating here on Friday night. Example... I started having these horrible visions that because my stomach was so stuffed that my belly button would become and outtie and under the stress of of my tights, I'd hook the spandex on my busted belly button and get a run in my stockings. Yeah, I know... pretty messed up, right? That's how much food I ate. Anyway, I took the BF here for a taste of romance and since I can't offer to cook for him because of my less than stellar cooking skillz, I figured I could sort of play this off. We had never done fondue before so it was defo a learning experience. The food was all delicious, our servers and even bus boys were entertaining and really went above and beyond to make sure we had a great night. We enjoyed the cheese appetizer, the BF got the scallop meal, I got the veggie meal (which I will say is overpriced for just a handful of veggie pieces- FYI), and we got the dessert plate full of marshmallows, pound cake, grapes, apples, strawberries, and pineapple, and a pitcher of sangria. We enjoyed everything but overall, I think it will likely be my last venture into fondue... well, maybe I'd be up for just an appetizer int he future but, the thing is, I'm a lazy person and the kind of person who just likes to enjoy the actual eating portion of dinner, not the cooking. The whole date reminded me of the time I thought it'd be cute and fun to go rock climbing on a date... until I realized how much f*cking work it is. It was all just very stressful and sh*t kept falling off my skewers, I kept having to try and fish things out of the oil, Operation style, with the skinny azz skewers. It just helped me realize that cooking, in any capacity, is not my thing. It is romantic though. The lighting, the decor, the curtained booths... it would have totally set the tone if I hadn't eaten so much that even I was scared to see myself naked as I changed into my PJs that night. I'd say it's a great place to stop for an appetizer plate before a movie but not something I'd want for a full meal before a date. Between all that cheese and oil, I thought I'd have to be rolled outta there. Seriously, if there had been a fire, I wouldn't have been able to get out in time, I was moving so slow after. I'd say, for romance, this place is best in moderation... otherwise you run the risk of getting impregnated with a food baby, like me,
