What's all the hype about here, people? Have any of you had barbecue before? I came here with the roomie for lunch yesterday, with fairly high expectations, given the consistent raving I've heard from friends. I'm a sucker for gussied up Southern food and barbecue, so that perhaps inflated my expectations even further. In general, the ingredients are very high quality (as the ambience suggests), but the end results are often disappointments. Pulled pork ($14.50 platter) is clearly made from high quality pork shoulder, and is pleasantly devoid of large globs of fat. However, it sorely misses an assertive dry rub, and furthermore, if I closed my eyes and didn't know the pulled pork was barbecue, I would never be able to tell that this had been smoked. The same comments can be made about the Kobe brisket ($15.75 platter); very high quality meat, but you pretty much know what you're getting with brisket when the cut surface of the meat lacks the essential pink smoke ring. You'd think that with four homemade sauces, it would be posible to drown out the lack of flavor in delicious sauce; were this the case, I'd give Q three stars rather than two. Alas, two of the four (standard BBQ sauce and "spicy", which just tastes like the former except garnished with crushed red pepper) are unidimensionally sweet, and the East Carolina sauce has so much sugar that I can barely detect that it's based in vinegar. The only somewhat redeemable sauce is the West Carolina mustard, which is still nothing special, but at least has a modicum of balance in its flavor profile. I'd much rather they'd have gotten one sauce right instead of getting four sauces mostly wrong. Side dishes are alright; fries are nothing special, and cornbread is good but far too crumbly. Complimentary potato chips are pretty decent, and the homemade bread and butter pickles are actually very good (probably my personal highlight). Some of the other sides look interesting, but I can't get jazzed up about dropping $7.50 on a side of baked beans, even if they do contain Kobe beef. Service is very attentive, and ambience is nice, but pricing is steep - about 30% more than I expect to pay for barbecue, and even more in the side dish department. Given the atmosphere and location, however, this feels appropriate. All in all, Chicago Q suffers from a case of barbecue cognitive dissonance. It's all fine and good to stock your smoker with high end cuts, but that's not the point of barbecue. It's all about taking a humble, often ignored piece of meat, and smoking, seasoning, and (with some constraint) saucing it into something sublime. At the end of the day, Q attempts to let its ingredients shine on their own merits, which in most other culinary endeavors is the right approach, but not with barbecue. I'll definitely quell my que cravings elsewhere, and I suggest that those of you who are raving about Q trek to Smoque, or if you're adventurous, to any one of a number of hole in the wall joints down in the numbered streets to sample what this kind of food should actually taste like.
