I love rewarding awesome restaurants with star-studded Yelp reviews. Sadly, every now and then, a place does too well for itself for the experience to work for me; the combination of unrealistically high expectations and throngs of humanity rushing the door gives me a (perhaps unfairly) high threshold for maximally enjoying a restaurant. In my estimation, XOCO falls in this category. I'll start with the good news (which, as you can see in the overwhelming majority of the 1400+ reviews here, isn't exactly news): the food at XOCO is excellent. I started with a Hibiscus water ($2.50) - a refreshing balance of sweetness and exotic tang, perfect for this 90 degree day. Poc Chuc torta ($12) is filled with Yucatan-style roast pork, tomatoes, avocado, and a hellaciously spicy habaero salsa, all on a perfectly crisp, fresh sandwich roll. This was a very well-thought out and delicious sandwich. Churro ($1.60 each, or 3 for $4) is fried to perfection, not cloyingly sweet, and steamily tender on the inside - I probably goofed up not getting a side of chocolate to dip this in ($1.25), but you can't win 'em all. Unfortunately, the various hoops one has to jump through to actually eat at XOCO make it almost an unattractive option for repeat dining. I came at 1:45 in the afternoon, and the line was still out the door (and slow-moving, to boot). I wound up ordering to go and (illicitly) enjoying my sandwich at the Starbucks on Clark because the line got far too long. In addition to the wait, the pricing is quite high; while the food is of highest quality, I still have a hard time getting jazzed up about paying 50+% more than I would pay for a truly excellent sandwich (JP Graziano, maxing out at $8.25) or churro (Don Churro, $1) elsewhere in this city. While neither the line nor the price was so exorbitant that I couldn't enjoy the experience, the food wasn't spectacular enough to make me forget these unpleasant elements entirely (as happens instantly upon biting into a Great Lake Pizza or a Kuma's hamburger, for instance). I love legendary grub as much as the next guy, and am generally willing to go to the ends of the Earth to get it, but even I have a line, which XOCO nearly crosses. All in all, I'd recommend XOCO with caution. I'll definitely be back to try that Ahogada, or one of the Posoles, or for breakfast, but I'll almost certainly wait for oddball weekdays off when I can go at odd times, or rainy days when others don't feel like leaving their houses. Otherwise, I'm not sure that XOCO is worth it.
