i came to the purple pig because saveur magazine told me the mortadella spread is one of the top dishes to eat right now in america. it MOST DEFINITELY IS. in my imagination, mortadella is the proletariat meat of choice in a dingy, italian deli -- a ground-up combination of fatty pork fat and other unspeakable pig by-products. i don't really want to know what it is, but spread on top of french bread, topped with baby argula and pistachios, and drizzled with the sweetest balsamic reduction, it reeks of class and meets all of my unreasonably high expectations. it tastes almost like baloney -- a really fancy, savory yet delicate version of the pedestrian "lunchmeat." it is a bit grainy, mostly smooth, and salty and ... it seemed so obvious! sweet and savory, fresh and earthy -- why didn't i think of the combination?! during this time of contemplation, my fingers developed a mind of their own and cleaned up all remnants of mortadella and balsamic on my plate. i remember looking longingly at my empty placemat after i finished off the last piece and briefly contemplated asking for another order. "you CAN'T, amy," i thought to myself. "it's made of pig fat and more fat and forgodssake, it's freaking balsamic reduction! it's not difficult to make, and you're probably just really hungry and hence exaggerating how delicious it is." and so i convinced myself not to order any more.  mistake. how do i know? it's 11:43 PM on a saturday night, i'm alone in my bed, and i can't get the thought of ground italian sausage smear out of my head. in my mind, i'm already back at the purple pig, this time with 3 orders of the mortadella spread in front of me. i'm sipping on a glass of wine and sitting in a corner. the crowd is effervescent -- but i'm by myself and i can't hear them because the mortadella is speaking to me and overcoming my senses. "listen to me," the sirens whisper. "order us and gaze at us and chew and throw your head back in flavor induced ecstasy. we demand it. and don't think about what we are made of." i'll be back. my sanity demands it.
