This here is a review of Xoco, and not so much a review of Rick Bayless.... let's talk food for now, that way you can skip my silly rant. Lunch (over the top as always): Caldo de Carnitas with masa dumplings, arugula and artfully sliced chayote. -At first I smiled and said, "wow, this is so genius..so aggressively seasoned". Then after half of the bowl, I was like "only old boy Rick can get away with putting arugula in caldo". Another minute or so later I'm like..."ok, this shit is salty enough to give me a stroke". This was pretty much the big filler of the meal, $12 dolla. Tostadas de pickled pigs feet. No, I didn't get churros and hot chocolate...I got tostadas, with pig's feet on them. Fuck a churro! This tostada was the best I have ever had. The size, texture, flavor, and contrast of the pickled meat against the cream and the crunch....Now, I am no stranger to the deluxe elote cart and some cueritos -nor do I get off bragging to people about eating swine feet. It is just seriously good. $4 bucks. Cochinita pibil torta. Pretty good, but I promise you that I was at Ba Le an hour or so later (still hungry) holding a roast pork bahn mi...saying in my pretend sandwich voice "I pee on you, o Bayless torta". O, the hot sauce at Xoco I believe is a version of Kutbil Ik De....crazy delicious, soooper spicy. Gumball Head -Yeah, my first time. Pretty spectacular beer with a great range of flavor, and a mean kick. I am far from a beer sommelier, but I like New Glarus brews, proper Guinness pints and the occasional malt liquor 40. Gumball Head was a treat. Anyway, here is my rant....God forbid this corner spot was opened by someone other than Mr. Mexico, One Plate at a Time. There would be some serious issues with trying to make humans pay $12.50 for a bowl of soup, all while trying to mimic the Mexican cafeteria format. Seriously. .....But here is why this guy is so bad ass. Rick Bayless puts arugula in the caldo, and tucks catfish into the bowls of seafood soup.  This is genius. Total mind control. Rick Bayless knows Mexican food, and the Chicago Mexican food scene would be less relevant without him. Why does it cost $70 bucks for 2 bowls of soup and some pig's feet? Because fool! That's just it, and I am not giving less than 3 stars because I want to keep watching his show without thinking I threw his ass totally under the bus on Yelp.
