This is hands down my favorite Steak House in the city. I've been coming here for the last ten years and it just keeps getting better!From the moment you walk in and are greeted by the smiling hostesses to eating the BEST steak in Chicago to waddling out the door with a happy tummy, I love this restaurant. Now let me rave about my dinner experience. My friend and I went on a Thursday evening and arrived for our 7:30pm reservation a few minutes early and were promptly seated at one of the cozy booths by the bar. The people watching from these seats is fantastic - looking out the window or watching the people at the bar is an experience. For our cocktails before dinner, I had a Black Cherry martini which is my favorite (I have tried making it at home and it's not the same!!) and he enjoyed a dirty martini with bleu cheese stuffed olives. The martinis are delish and a great way to start the dining experience.Now to the meal which deserves plenty of praise. We decided to upgrade to the $49.95 3 course meal as I wanted a Ribeye and my date wanted a New York Strip. My first course was the harvest salad which was topped with plenty of goat cheese - yummy! He had the Seafood Gumbo that was nice and spicy. Now to the steaks...,my Ribeye was cooked perfectly, medium rare served sizzling on a hot plate with butter. Heaven! I love the 500 degree plates that keep your steak hot from the first bite to the last. The NY was just as tasty but we both ate our own steaks, no sharing! For my side I ordered the creamed spinach which is always a winner and he ordered mashed potatoes (those we share!). The potatoes are so creamy with just a touch of garlic flavor that they were not to be shoveled in but savored. The "symphony" dessert was a great combination of carrot cake and a chocolate mousse cup. The two desserts together were just enough to have something sweet but not too much that felt like I could feed a family of 20 with it. Let's not forget the service either...always very attentive but not intrusive. We were able to enjoy the meal and have everything when we needed it. I especially love that they offer you a black napkin if you are wearing a dark skirt so you don't get the white linen lint on your clothes! I can't wait to go back!!
