3.5 stars. yum! will definitely be back. After missing our stop to wicker park, we ended up walking the extra stop back to damen and found Irazu. After a quick check on yelp, we were happy to stop in and have a quick lunch. I wanted the empanadas, michael wanted the oatmeal shake and we ordered the chicken rice as well. we were slightly worried that it wasn't enough food but the waiter said if we weren't that hungry it would be a good amount of food. I was doubtful. an app, a shake and an entree was enough? we started with the empanadas. so tasty. we got the spinach, beef and chicken. the beef and spinach was excellent, tasty and flavorful. the chicken was fine but not memorable. after splitting the three empanadas, we were still munching on the chips and was a little worried about the amount of food. so i ordered the guacamole side to snack on. that was a mistake. the guac was delicious, but HUGE. this is beyond a party size guacamole dip. I would say this is fit for 6+ people. delicious but I felt i was wasting food when we didn't finish even half of it. Then the chicken and rice came. HUGE. not only do you get a good amount of both chicken and rice, but a large salad and side of plantains. Very good but we were at the point of full that no matter how tasty we couldn't finish even a quarter of this meal. Good but just fine. my main complaint is that I ordered it spicy and it wasn't. at all. Most likely they just didn't hear me when i ordered it spicy. over the top good is that oatmeal shake. I took a sip of the shake and it was so good. i stopped after one sip because i was sure this was pure ice cream, sugar and badness. At the end of the meal, we were paying at the cashier and I asked them how much ice cream was in the shake and the chef said, none. it's just oatmeal, milk and bananas (i'm sure more things that i can't remember at this time but nothing bad). Food is good and consistent with huge stand out stars if you know what to order. service was pleasant and attentive. only complaint was that the food did take a noticeable amount of time to come. probably why we ate so many chips and salsa.
