Overrated, overhyped hotel. The hotel bar is small, spartan. The hallways have dark brown carpet that looks really old, dirty and shabby, and I think this is supposed to be a new hotel?? The halls are dark, narrow and have low ceilings. The elevator is oldish and small, which kinda tells you the real age of the building.  The rooms are small, so small that there's a sliding door between the room and the bathroom because -- the room is too small to have a regular door! The funny thing is that bathroom door has a porthole of a window, reminding you that your room isn't much bigger than a room on a cruiseship. (Probably a subconscious slip on the designer's part.) And that sliding door falls off its rails -- cheap! Only one person can fit in the bathroom. You step in and are immediately in front of the mirror, toilet and shower, with no room to move about! The toilet was cheap quality -- I remember something breaking but easily fixable by me, but I forget, as this review is four months after my trip. Yes, there's a flat screen, and people like to mention that. Really? So what! There's a funky chair and a funky table that looks like a tree stump. For a while I thought that tree stump was a stool and had an argument with a friend as to what it was -- table or stool. I guess it can be both, but officially, it's a table. You know why I thought it was a stool? Because there's not enough places to sit! There's no computer chair and no table. So, you're going to put your laptop on that funky stump. And who wants to crouch over and read their email? Sure, the bed linens look fluffy, but I stayed at the holiday inn express up in portland, and they had the same fluffy white linen/comforter! Anyhow, the room is dark because of the brown carpet, and the walls are bare, except for black/white photographs, which makes the room look colder and more depressing. Because as you look up at the walls and ceiling, you can tell this was probably once something I would describe as a residency hotel. Or just a barebones, nothing special apartment I had in college.  So, I have no idea why this hotel is featured in magazines at all! I guess people are easily fooled into staying because of how they showcase their suites. Chicago's expensive, even in winter -- go figure, so figuring that in and the hotel's location, I'd pay no more than $130. But for that price, I'd still feel ripped off! I wouldn't bother with this hotel at all -- it's both cold feeling and shabby/dreary -- like drunks probably died in here 70 years ago. And there's wasn't much a view, just the building across the street.
