XOCO...Machete....Mercadito....Patron.....let me guess...Jersey Shore Cancun... ....Ok. I get it. Mexican is kinda hot right now. I must admit it's pretty easy to jump on the bandwagon. I'm a sucker for cheap Mexican beer with lime and guacamole and chips. I drown my breakfast in Tapatio hot sauce. I love eating tacos from a truck. And I think I just described every single person that waited for an hour in line with me at XOCO. (NAILED IT!) =) Bottom line is this place came up short....after teasing me for an hour while I waited in line. I watched a line cook cut up corn tortillas and fry them. Sprinkle lime/lemon juice and salt on them. I watched cooks toast fresh bread in sizzle platters with braised short ribs and melted cheese. There were people walking by with fresh hot chocolate. I was ready to start gnawing on my own arm like a zombie. When I finally tasted the food, I was a bit underwhelmed. Don't get me wrong. It's yummy. I just don't think it's worth an hour wait in line. Here's the report card: Pepito - short rib and caramelized onion with pickled jalapenos. The short rib was a bit dry. The seasoning was flat and one-dimensional. A bit salty. I was expecting to taste Mejico. Instead, I got a really good version of an American braised short rib sandwich. Jamon- thinly sliced La Quercia prosciutto, black bean puree (emulsified with pork fat), avocado, pickled jalapenos, and a fried egg ($1.50 extra). This was a pressed sandwich that was unpleasant to eat in terms of eatability. The sandwich had too many elements that were slippery which made the sandwich a soggy mess. Every bite forced the filling out every angle of the bread. The ham was sliced too thick which meant you had to slurp up the ham as it pulled away from the bread. This is a dish that is successful in other applications (Purple Pig has a very similar menu item that is more enjoyable). Chips & Guacamole- The guacamole is buttery and smooth. It needed a bit more texture and acidity from lime to balance the richness. Overall, this was a good dish though. Barcelona- rich, creamy, and hot fresh chocolate. This was amazing. I recommend you share 1 cup which will run you $3.25 and order 2 churros for dipping. I'll probably come back to try the cochinita pibil and the choriqueso as well as the pork belly tortas special (Wed). The Caldos look really promising too. I will def give XOCO another try. But for an hour wait and $38 price tag for 2 tortas, chips and guac, and 2 hot chocolates...I have to Yelp that XOCO is SO-SO.
