It's hard to begin reviewing such a well documented eatery in the culinary world...let's try though, shall we? To review a restaurant of this caliber, it's broken it a few groups...atmosphere, cuisine and service. If you are worried about price, I suggest you keep strolling down Clair St to "C-House" in the Affinia hotel. Atmosphere - This sophisticated hot spot in downtown Chicago has a beautiful all black window entrance that does not allow you to see in. The rotating doors bring you into a small lobby to meet the host and hostess who will insist on taking care of your jackets for you. The french inspiration of the restaurant sifts through you as they each have the beautiful authentic french accent to put you into the frame of mind for your dining experience. As you are lead to your table, you walk into the dining room. A large calmly lit room with elegance and style is home to an array of full tables and half tables. The backs of the chairs a lush blue velvet to offer a flash of color. The table is pulled completely out so you can be seated and then returned in front of you. Settled in? Let's talk about the food! Cuisine - TRU was an absolute gourmet foodie's delight. This restaurant has it all. You do have some options for ordering and it's all based off how much your budget is...they have two different 'collections' that offer multiple courses as well as a la carte. You can't go wrong with either, they will delight you to no end. The portions are pleasantly larger than I would have expected after eating at other truly 5 star restaurants, though still properly sized. The food was prepared to perfection while the wine list varied from as little as $85 for a decent bottle of wine. The courses are timed perfectly so can enjoy each course without feeling rushed or without feeling like time is running away from you. The food is a wonderful blend of fresh ingredients and classic culinary techniques that will wow you from the start, before sending you to heaven for dessert. Service - The wait staff is extremely informed about not only what is in each dish but how it is prepared should you have any allergies or concerns about what you are interested in. Unsure? Allow them to suggest and you will not be disappointed. Expect the 5 star treatment without feeling suffocated or as though they are hovering. They show extreme attention to detail and want your evening to be perfect. Don't forget to tell them your story...I flew into Chicago specifically for this restaurant, after telling my waiter he disappeared for a few moments. He came back and said he would love for the matradee to give us a personal showing of the kitchen and to meet the executive chef! What an amazing night... You have done yourself a disservice if you do not have the following items: Waygu beef tartar Seared Fois Gras Chocolate Bar - As featured by Iron Chef Cat Cora on "Best Thing I've Ever Ate" Expect to spend about 2 hours eating your way to bliss. So make your month-in-advance reservations and start to savor the thought of trying one our countries most highlighted restaurants! The bill might be a bit pricey but I suppose the French said it best....C'est la Vie!
