Having our wedding at the Hotel Allegro was hands-down the best wedding-planning decision my husband and I made. We checked out a number of historic hotels downtown and left each one feeling pretty "meh." We saw blah ballrooms, met with indifferent hotel event coordinators, and we were starting to think we wouldn't find the spot we were looking for, until we saw the Allegro. The ballroom is gorgeous and was perfect for our 150-person wedding. It's modern, but with many historic touches, and we loved the urban feel of having the L go by the ballroom windows during the evening reception (but you absolutely couldn't hear the train). And we got so many compliments from our guests on the food. We didn't hire a wedding coordinator, and yet every part of our wedding went off without a hitch thanks to the amazing Allegro staff. From the doormen to the bellhops to the desk staff, I have never met a friendlier and more helpful group of hotel employees. The catering/event staff in particular made the entire experience painless. My feelings were reaffirmed when my husband and I came back to the Allegro to reshoot our wedding photos recently. Shortly after our wedding, we found out our photographer had lost our wedding photos (wedding tip: when researching photographers, ask them how and when they back up their photos). We decided to throw on the ol' tux and white dress and take some new photos with a new photographer, and when I contacted catering managers Kerry and Alyssa they couldn't have been more sympathetic or helpful. When we came by to retake the photos they surprised us with the hospitality suite for the afternoon (easily one of the coolest hotel rooms in the city) and a bottle of bubbly. We got some great photos in the suite, lobby and ballroom. Kerry and Alyssa really helped make an unfortunate situation fun and memorable -- four whole months after our event.  The Allegro is a fun, stylish hotel all on its own, but the staff is what makes it a particularly special place for an event.
