The pizza is still rockstar and continues to be. Can't tell you how many tourists I've brought here over the years and they've been wow'ed. The pan pizza is that effing awesome. It is. If Pequod's & Yelp sold marketing information about Yelpers to doctors, I'd be screwed. I think the most times I've been to this location in one year would be over thirty for sure.  When entertaining guests that bitch and moan about a Chicago pie, if you must bring them here, the reacharound is to get a thin crust for them. It's not bad, it's middle ground. Personally I never order it. Thin crust is also available by the slice. For all the naysayers that say "what's the deal, why the long wait for blah blah blah" Go to Pizza hut, there's no wait there. For realz. Two awesome details about Pequod's. They are open till 2 am six days a week and midnight on Sunday. So there are plenty of times you can get in here and get a pie. After the bars or a late night of happy hours, its a great way to end a good evening. Second detail, their lunch special. They've offered it forever. Personal pan with one topping and a soda or beer for $4.95. That is a deal that cannot be beaten at any pizza joint, it's perfect. At times when I'm dining with people with too many topping requests, I'll order an individual and I'll be content. I think a Pequod's pie is best with minimal toppings, three max depending on what's ordered. Service wise.. it's not that it's hit or miss. Just depends on the night. I think the waitresses can be overworked because it gets hella busy. There's the main floor and then there is also a second floor for much more seating. I keep hearing about a beer garden but I've never seen it or forget to ask. As a norm I always place my pizza order ahead of time. It's almost ready to be served when I arrive and it's piping hot. I know once a few friends see this review I may get a text to join for some awesome Za over the weekend. If you use a smart phone and "check in" to places, you can often see a popup mentioning other Yelp users being here as well. At least in my experiences.
