I have lived in the Bucktown/Wicker Park neighborhood for seven years, and have probably walked past Bongo room 300 times. I often walk past on Saturday and Sunday mornings when I'm on my way to the gym. It's like a waypoint for me. I can see it coming from two blocks away, because it will be the only place on the street with a crowd of people outside. And every time I walk by, I look at them with a bit of bewilderment: why would you wait outside for an hour or two to eat at this place, when there are plenty of perfectly excellent brunch spots in the neighborhood, where you wouldn't have to wait half the day to get a table? Yesterday, on a lovely Thursday that happened to be my birthday, I finally went there. It was crowded at 11:30am, but there was one table open so we did not have to wait. Score one. And then I looked at the menu and realized why there are so many people who wait in line for hours to eat at this place every weekend: it's because they get to eat a gigantic dessert at noon and call it brunch! The most interesting things on the breakfast menu are pancakes, french toast and waffles covered in chocolate sauce, ice cream, carmel sauce, glazed pecans and the like. This kind of super-sweet, ice-cream-for-breakfast menu is not my thing, so I ordered an omlette. And ... it was delicious! And totally unexpected. Based on the rest of the menu, I was expecting some overblown omlette with too much stuff inside (you know, with so much cheese that you can't find the eggs). And, instead, it was a perfect omlette -- fresh chopped tomatoes and spinach, just the right amount of jack cheese, eggs cooked perfectly and folded over the veggies and cheese, with mulitgrain toast that was exactly what multigrain toast should be. It was great, and the service was prompt and friendly. On the down side, the "hash browns" were not hash browns -- they were chopped, herbed potatoes, and the bacon was too greasy. So while I will never even consider going here on a weekend or waiting more than five minutes for a table here, I was quite happy with the omlette and would definitely go back for another.
