We visited Publican back in February for a Sunday brunch. I have two tips for you about Publican, the first being: make a reservation. I had to make ours two weeks in advance. The larger your party, the longer you'll have to wait sans reservation, as Publican makes use of a large communal table in the center of the restaurant, and a few individual tables around the perimeter. I can already sense your hesitance about the communal table, but it really isn't nearly as awkward as it sounds. They give you plenty of space, so the likelihood of your neighbor reaching over and accidentally taking a sip of your OJ is pretty unlikely. Moving on...the ambiance is open, clean, and makes beautiful use of the space. And they have giant pig artwork on each wall. Our menu for the morning consisted of the following: Blueberry almond breakfast cake: Crumbly and flavorful, but not overly sweet. An excellent compliment to your coffee or tea while you wait for your food to be delivered. One slice is definitely enough for two to share. French toast w/maple breakfast sausage: This was my dish, and I'll be honest - I spent half of my time with the breakfast cake and bacon, and the other half of my time with food envy over the biscuits and gravy. Don't get me wrong, the french toast was good - the bread was thick, making it custardy with a crisp crust. I think I second guessed what I was in the mood for, and chose wrong. However, if you're in the mood for french toast, definitely give this a try. Black pepper biscuits & neck bone gravy: I think this had a different name on the menu, but you get the gist. The biscuit was flaky, but not too buttery, and just the right consistency to compliment the rich, tomato based gravy. The dark, smoky gravy brought out the black pepper in the biscuit quite well. A small portion, but packed enough flavor to make up for its size. Publican bacon: Tip number two for Publican: get the bacon. I'm not kidding. This is the best bacon I've ever eaten in my life. I wasn't sure I'd like it, because it's very thick-cut maple-y bacon, but holy cow...er, pig? It's amazing. Rich, melt in your mouth, porky deliciousness. The service was very friendly and prompt, even though the place was completely packed. If you get up from the table to use the restroom or step outside, the servers kindly fold your napkin and place it on your chair for you. A little unusual, but a nice touch. Oh, and one of the coolest restaurant restrooms ever. Check it out. Is that a weird thing to recommend? Oh well. This is definitely an excellent brunch choice if you're looking for something a bit different. They change their menu seasonally, which I believe is a sign of a restaurant that really pays attention to the quality of the food it uses. I'm looking forward to coming back for dinner sometime.
