Finally! Took long enough for me to cross the street post workday for a little wine, cheese and charcuterie decadence. I can't imagine why, not only are these a few of my favorite things, but the sheer proximity to my office alone should really lend itself to visits of constant and recurring nature. Well, after this introductory rendezvous, I can tell you, they better set up a table with my name on it! I'm moving in. The Purple Pig certainly has the potential to be quite habit forming. Expansive, affordable wine list, delicious and unique menu offerings, cheeses that are positively TO-DIE-FOR, friendly, warm staff, cozy confines. What more could a girl want? Wine intravenously. Well yes, that still leaves some potential for growth, I assume. Absolutely treasured the ample salt-roasted Beets with tangy whipped Goat Cheese and Pistachio Vinaigrette small plate almost as well as the luxurious Pork Fried Almonds with Rosemary and buttery roasted Garlic. Talk about fabu finger good! Moving on to our cheese plate, however, was undoubtedly the highlight of my evening. Meeting the creamy, gorgeous, slightly stinky, French (of course), Delice de Bourgogne fromage was a pleasure of epic proportions. It's luscious, earth shattering and comes with my highest delightful dairy recommendations. Then, of course, there's the meat. They don't call it the Purple Pig for nothin'. It almost feels unladylike indulging in such gluttonous, excessively meat-heavy dishes, but fortunately, the ingenious Purple Pig chefs know to portion things just so to keep both guilt and depravity in blissfully unaware check. Go for the delicate, crispy Quail with Salsify & Pomegranate or my fav, the Jamon Serrano with a perfectly Fried Egg and nutty Manchego. Wow. Just wow. I hear 'The Pig' also pulls off one of the best desserts in the city, a Sicilian Iris - ahem, Ricotta & Chocolate Chip filled Fried Brioche - my umpteen future sojourns positively guarantee I'll soon find out! Heck, I'm already racing full speed ahead to become a legitimate purple pig. I wonder if they'd pay well for a live mascot?
