True thing about the long lines...but I've only gone on weekends during lunch hour. I've only actually waited once for it which was the first time I went because my fiance raves about that place. I got the andouille that time but it was only pretty good. It wasn't worth the wait. For some reason he didn't order me the special meats which are more expensive: about 6-8 bucks (this includes tax) for one of them. But go for the specials if you want the good stuff. The others are just normal any good hot dog stand type stuff in terms of their quality. I've tried the special meats a few times already. The wild boar or pork sausages are quite good. Yesterday, a Wednesday in April 07, the line wasn't out the door but there were about 5 people ahead of me so the wait wasn't too long. I tried the Luol Deng (Blue Cheese Pork Sausage with Green Apple Cream Sauce and Smoked Almonds...this was really good by the way.) and the Three-Chili Wild Boar Sausage with Chipotle Dijonnaise and Harlech Horseradish Cheese was good too. I think out of the two I liked the Luol Deng more because the horseradish cheese on top stuck to my teeth too much (i rate food on texture a lot). Who knew smoked almonds and green apple cream sauce would go well on a sausage. It was a little sweet but not too sweet. I really enjoyed that one. I'm just sad that it costs so much to get two of the specials but for me to be full I need both of them. I usually get two hot dogs if I go to other hot dog stands to get full. I didn't have enough money for fries but it's okay since I was full. I spent about 13 bucks for those two and free ice water. Duck fat fries are delicious but you can only get it on Fridays and Saturdays. Oh and cash only!! Hopefully they allow credit cards soon. The seats are usually pretty much filled up. Oh and they close early like 4pm, fyi. They get quite good business even though they have short hours. The owner, Doug, is smart and pretty well off I think. He's also really nice, he's the one taking orders behind the counter. Make sure they're open before you go too. Their website updates daily or weekly? Street parking is possible. Usually it isn't hard nor takes longer than 5 minutes to find. But a lot of people carpool too.
