"I feel like I am in Marie Antoinette" I think I heard about 4 people say that last night in this place. Wow, what an amazing idea...someone is very creative in finding niches of nightlife that have not been filled in Chicago. I feel a bit strange writing a review of this place, as the theme is definitely "Speakeasy-esque" But, it's bound to happen eventually. Last night I was incredibly lucky to be invited to the 'run through' pre-opening of The Violet Hour. You walk in and can barely believe that this space housed Del Torro, as it has been completely transformed into something straight out of a different era. It is dark with huge sweeping velvet curtains splitting the room into two parts, tall velvety looking chairs allowing the tables to be totally private, and a super long bar stretching the length of the whole restaurant. The Drinks! oh the drinks.... There is a menu with probably about 20 very special cocktails, all in original form...INCREDIBLE!!!! Apparently the bartenders studied and trained for weeks learning about the obscure ingredients and mixes under a fellow from New York (whom we met and was full of intriguing information). All cocktails are $11.00. Which is pricey, but once you have watched the concoction mixed you'll understand why. You must come with a patience, because this ain't no Rainbo Club ... It takes a good couple minutes to make each cocktail, but it's fun to watch so whatever. I worry about when it gets really crowded, and wonder if they will need 10 bartenders behind the bar. Last night it seemed there were about 6! I had 3 drinks, and so did my husband (yeah we walked out pretty tipsy) - My favorite...the Daiquiri and Champagne Cocktail (with homemade bitters). I joked with the bartender and asked if I was being girly ordering the Daiquiri, and he said no and told me the history of it and how it's actually a classic cocktail, and some other stuff that I of course can't recall now. Quirks need to be worked out, but I can't help giving it 5 stars, as it's such an awesome concept and even though it's pricey - I think it will be difficult not to stop by here a lot in the future. Definitely definitely check it out! It opens tonight!! (6.28.07)
