Gino's, purportedly to be one of the best deep dish pizzas in Chicago, so we knew we had to try it. We arrived at 1PM on a Friday afternoon, and there was a decent line outside consisting mostly of tourists and families. We waited outside for about 10 minutes before we were brought inside away from the hot weather to be seated on the cushioned seats in the waiting room. While you wait, you can take in all the graffiti of people's names on everything, on the crane machine, on the brick walls, on photos, almost anything goes unless it has a sticker on it that requests customers to refrain from graffiti art. In another 5 minutes, we were quickly seated in the bar area. We knew exactly what we wanted, so when the waitress came around, we put in an order for a small Meaty Legend ($22.75) at 1:15 PM. The waitress advised us that a small is plenty for 2 people which includes 4 hearty slices and also warned us that the deep dish pizzas would take about 45 minutes to an hour, but we threw all our cards in and were fully devoted to trying this legendary pizza. It's pricey, but it was all the craze that every person that's been to Gino's would rave about. Included on the deep dish pizza was a concoction of pepperoni, Italian sausage, Canadian bacon (like thick-sliced deli ham), and bacon. We waited and waited. Finally at 2:10 PM, our waitress brought over our pizza. Boy oh boy, it was indeed a deep dish, measuring about 1.5" high. She cut and served our initial slices. The first bite of the Meaty Legend lived up to its name, it was heavenly. The subtle heat and spiciness from the pepperoni, the tartness from the tomatoes, but what really stood out was the extra crispy bacon. I'm guessing they precooked the bacon to get it extra crispy and then threw it in the pizza to add some nice texture. The 2nd bite was great, but things started to settle in and my palate started to hint to me a trend: salty pepperoni, salty Italian sausage, salty Canadian bacon, salty bacon. The 3rd bite was good, but then the saltiness started to settle in. By the 4th bite and thereafter, it all went downhill. All I felt like I was eating was salt. I was hoping the super thick crust would help to balance the flavors out, and it definitely did take some of the saltiness out. But if eaten alone, the crust was dry and bland. All you could taste was cornmeal. Blah. It was almost to the point of being inedible when eaten alone. I really didn't know what to make of the Meaty Legend. It was good, but definitely not a pizza where you can eat a slice or two of. The saltiness from all the meats is just too overbearing. Table service was very lacking here. Not once did our waitress come by while we waited one hour for our pizza. And after she served us our first slices, she never came by to check up on us. At one time, I had to wave her over, with effort, to refill my glass of water that was left empty for almost the duration of our meal. And when she did come over, her personality was monotonous and inattentive. For all the high hopes I had for Gino's, I was surely let down on my first deep dish experience in the city of Chicago. If they toned down the saltiness of the meats, and added some flavor besides cornmeal, to their crust, they would have one killer pizza. But because of long preparation times, lacking service, exorbitant prices, and a subpar pizza, Gino's only deserves 3 stars at best. I apologize but I really don't know what all the hype is about. At least until my next deep dish encounter....
