I don't really need to go into how good the place was or launch into a discourse on molecular gastronomy for that matter; these topics were likely covered in great depth by the other 148 reviewers. What I do wish to impart upon you, faithful Yelp reader, is that I didn't recognize a single thing I ate at Alinea, and this is what made it great. Most restaurants are adept at giving you what you want, or more appropriately, what you expect. When you visit Gibson's, you know you're going to wait a half-hour beyond your reservation, that your steak will be charred and tasty, that the big-as-your-head dessert will be free. You go there precisely for this reason. McDonald's (on the other end of the beef purveyor spectrum) has enjoyed spectacular international success because they deliver a predictable experience no matter where you are or what time of day it is. Breakfast is over at 11...people set their watch to it. The point is that many great restaurants thrive on providing a consistent experience, in line with consumer expectations. Alinea eschews this maxim with all it's being. Rather than providing an inviting, warm entrance, you get a down the rabbit hole/MC Escher trippy hallway, leading to a Star Trek sliding door and no discernible hosts table. Their food does not look like food.  If you eat there while the menu remains the same as it was during my visit, you will stare while a piece of frozen meat hangs in front of you, evoking some walk-in freezer from a discarded episode of Dexter. Expect lots of foams.  Alinea is the counterpoint to every other restaurant in the world (with a wink and a nod to Herv This, Wylie Dufresne, Ferran Adria, et al). Your ears hear "tomato mozzarella salad", but your eyes see a mess of white meringue and a bunch of funny-colored cubes of stuff. Then you taste mozzarella salad and wonder how in the hell that happened. Repeat this a dozen (or more) times and hope that your appetite for amazement keeps pace with your appetite. I am a rooster illusion. Also, Chuck Klosterman has graced us with his Advancement theory, which posits that there is a cultural condition wherein a true genius creates a piece of art that 99% of the population perceives as bad. This isn't because it /is/ bad, but rather because the average consumer is not Advanced and therefore does not understand the underlying genius therein. Achatz (and Alinea by association) is Advanced because he does not do what is expected of him (California Cuisine), but he also does not do /the opposite/ of what is expected of him (Klosterman fans can refer to IV for more on Advancement theory). Alinea isn't the opposite of anything; it doesn't ignore the existence of outstanding "conventional" restaurants. It's off in it's own little universe with El Bulli and the Fat Duck, orbiting around some totally different sun that you and I can't see.
