Went to Fogo last night for the first time. Not, my first time at a Brazilian steakhouse, but my first time at Fogo. I went in there with very high expectations and very eager to eat. Had a buddy flyin from Germany on business and so we decided to eat at Fogo, near work. The only thing, that I can say I enjoyed about this place, was the service.  We waited at the bar of our party to arrive, had a few drinks with my wife... typical prices for an "upscale" place. They offered us some cheesy bread to eat while we waited. Very nice! I thought I was on my way to being a king tonight. Well our table was ready so we went to sit down and waited for the rest of the party. The staff was very nice in letting us wait to eat, so we got a few more drinks and some more fresh cheesy bread, thank goodness because I was starving.  Well everyone finally shows up and the rampage begins. First I have to say that I was rather dissappointed in the quality of the meat. It wsa bland and flavorless to say the least. They kept on refreshing your mashed potatoes every 10 minutes, which I didn't care for much. they looked like they were made from a box and slapped onto a plate. Not many of the different varieties made it around to our table. Each one usually gets to me at least once or twice. Towards the end I asked for Beef Ribs specifically.... about 3 times before someone actually brought some over... and even then, I had to wave the guy down. After all of that, we were charged $50 a person.  My over all impression was dissappointing and I would not return to Fogo. My goto place is and always will be Texas De Brazil. The meat is flavorful, always seasoned right, the meat is always at your table as requested with out waiting for more than 2-3 minutes. All of the meats always make it around to me and its $10 less than fogo. Not to mention the salad bar has far more items available. They didnt have rice and beans WTF!! It also does not have that "hyped-up" "stuffy shirt" feel to it. The crowd there was un-bearable! I would not go back and I do not recommend it. My next stop is going to be Brazzas.
