I went here twice within two weeks. For someone who doesn't eat out all that often, that says a lot. Both times I went with girlfriends for the Sunda Social special which is their happy hour and food special from 5-7 Monday-Friday. This is the way to do Sunda if you are on a budget. The items on this menu (and a lot of their staple items are on it!) are half off. I listed the half-off prices to show what a great deal it really is. Both times it was only $23 a person! The first time I went, I went with 4 other girls and we shared everything. Some of us got the Mah Thai which was their special drink for the day and it tasted excellent. For appetizers we got the edamame ($2.50), rock shrimp tempura ($7.50) and brussel sprout salad ($7). They are pretty large portions--definitely enough to share with 5 people. The brussel sprout salad may be the most amazing salad and version of brussel sprouts I have EVER had!!! The shrimp glaze/dressing that goes over it is absolutely delicious. The rock shrimp is also to die for. For rolls we got the firecracker ($7.50), dragon ($8), tale of two tunas ($8). Firecracker is deep fried which I do not like-- I would not recommend this one. Dragon roll was also good. Basic shrimp and eel--can't really go wrong here. It did not stand out as original, but it was tasty. The tale of two tunas was the best roll of the night. Fresh and a little different than your classic spicy tuna. The fried shallots of top add a great crunch and is different than the basic tempura flake. In addition, we tried the hand cut spicy tuna and jalapeo on top of the crispy rice from the regular menu. This was okay. I thought the tuna lacked flavor and my friend said it was must better the first time she had it-- maybe it was just a bad batch! To end, we got the "Ridiculous" dessert. This was exceptional. Vanilla ice cream surrounded by ginger carrot cake and carmel. I die AND it is HUGE!!!! I came again with one friend who was dying to try Sunda and I was very excited to go back. For appetizers we got the brussel sprout salad and the toast and jam ($7.50). Sharing between two people you really realize how big the portions actually are. The toast and jam has such a cute nostalgic presentation. We tried the chicken and mushroom meatballs ($4.50) which were also outstanding. The hot mustard and sweet and sour sauce gives it that classic chinese flavor in a gourmet setting. For rolls, we went with the golden child ($7) and tale of two tunas. The golden child may be my most favorite roll I have ever tried! For a mango and escolar fanatic, this was my dream. Sweet and fresh. We ended with the ridiculous again and it did not disappoint. This restaurant truly lives up to the hype. I would avoid the communal seating because the benches do not have a back. I would reccomend going with 2 other people and sitting at the sushi bar. The service is absolutely outstanding. Water is filled instantly when your glass is half full and they fold your napkins when you leave. You really do feel like royalty here! The waiters I had both times gave great suggestions and I can't wait to go back again :)
