I chose the Gage as a place to take an out-of-town friend as a representative Nice Dinner Out Downtown. I'd never been there myself but was pleased with the choice. Right within reach of the Art Institute, Millennium Park and other attractions in the Loop, the Gage occupies prime real estate on Michigan Avenue. Inside was dim, with glassed-in, separate rooms to make for quieter dining (although one diner in ours felt the need to talk at top volume). Our server, Zachary, was young but polished (though he initially startled me by lighting the tea candle for our table right in the corner of my peripheral vision) and did a fine job accomodating us and the other tables in the area with grace and balance. May I mention the food! The Gage has a whiff of the gastropub about it but isn't pretentious about the food (in other words, it doesn't arrive as a deconstruction or a tower, blasted with CO2 or in miniscule portion). I ordered the red wine roasted Amish chicken with cream-braised salsify (a root vegetable similar to parsnips), which was delicious, though the chicken came with some unnecessary, undressed baby greens on top that were either an overgrown garnish or an unfinished salad. The chicken was moist and flavorful, and the salsify a surprise hit, tender and decadent with the cream. My friend had fish and chips, of which I had a bite: serviceable, not soggy, though with all the other wonderful-looking things to choose from on this menu this wouldn't have been my personal first pick. The one issue we had with dinner was the plates. Both of our meals came in oddly-shaped plates that were hard to cut in/on. Mine was an oval ramekin, several inches deep, which held the chicken and salsify; cutting down into this, especially maneuvers like slicing chicken off the bone, was awkward in this setup. My friend had a shallow rectangular dish for her fish and chips, but it had a lip that she kept hitting as she cut, which was difficult not to bump and made for slow going. For dessert we selected orange creme brulee; its sugar surface was perhaps just slightly undercaramelized (you didn't quite get the crisp crack but rather a bit of a bend to the spoon tip), but the intense orange scent and flavor were intoxicating. From the cocktail menu, I sampled the Gage Old Fashioned, which contained candied ginger and (oddly) nuts -- like, whole almonds floating in the glass. The ginger flavor intensified as I got to the bottom of the glass. Intriguing. The Gage was a good find for downtown dining. I'll be back.
