I always order two eggs lightly scrambled for breakfast. This means you should be able to see the yolk and the whites separately in the scramble--kind of like sunny side up all scrambled together. Instead, I always get a HUGE amount of eggs on top of my meal which looks like a big ladle of Egg Beaters cooked well and kind of tasteless. I have settled for getting poached eggs. Two poached eggs are small and just the right size. If the Egg Beaters thing was real eggs, it would have to be many more than two or three eggs, depending on what you order on the menu. Anybody who thinks the eggs are great hasn't had homemade scrambled real eggs for awhile. In their defense, I do like the potatoes--not the same dull hash brown stuff at other places. I like that they are nicely grilled and the onion added is great. Nonetheless, the last time there was no onion and it looked like there were pepper flakes instead. Sure enough, the potatoes had a kick to them that I just was not in the mood for. I also like the fresh fruit to make the meal more balanced. With respect to meat, they are all very salty--I think more than at other breakfast places. As far as my issue with the eggs, I can get poached or sunny side up, but the whites are always cooked too much to scramble up with the yolks nicely. This would be a decent place if I could get two eggs lightly scrambled. If the waitresses could communicate this to the kitchen instead of picking up the juice menu EVERY time (we're regulars) and hawking the juices, it might be more stars. Maybe no one in the kitchen understands English, just like at other breakfast places. Whenever I watch Triple-D on Food Network, I kind of wish they had some of those places here in Chicago.  This is a nice place that we always went to with my late mother (she liked "nice" restaurants for breakfast), and some of the menu is more high-end, but the rest is not a whole lot better than other breakfast places but a lot more expensive. If there were more nice breakfast places in the area, I don't think they would be as busy. As it is, the last few times we've been there, there was no waiting, so maybe it's getting old. We go regularly year-round, so this is very unusual. My husband likes the pancakes, so that is why we go there, but frankly, I am tired of getting a breakfast that I do not totally enjoy. I've had breakfast at high-end and low-end places all over Chicago and in other cities for decades. Unfortunately, when you've had really great breakfasts in other places, that spoils it for the ones that aren't there, and this is one of those places that isn't there.
