I hate to jump on the 4-star bandwagon, but that is about where they rated with me: wildly above "just average" and just below "ohmygod this is the best place ever". They're good, really good. We just moved to the neighborhood and my boyfriend has been obsessed with checking this place out. He is so in love with the idea that the community all chipped in together to invest and helped bring a local entrepreneur's dream to fruition. We came on a sunny Sunday afternoon with a friend and took a window seat. The boys ordered -- not surprisingly -- beers that were made on premises. I ordered some sort of raspberry beer, as I am a beer wimp and prefer for it to taste fruity and girly. The catch here is that I do NOT like sweet beer, and rarely is a fruity beer not sweet. But these raspberry folks somehow pulled it off. Onto the food: I am by no means a vegetarian, but I love me some vegetarian fare. I was so pleasantly surprised by the number of vegetarian options in each category of the menu (we are talking mouth-watering stuff here, people, not just run-of-the-mill tomato/mozzarella salad -- but then maybe I'm the dummy for not expecting that at a gastropub?) that I ordered only veggie food. Sweet potato cake appetizer with curry-something sauce? Very good. Beet salad (although we ordered a different salad, this was our second choice, so we said nothing to the waitress when she brought it)? Delectable. Portabello "burger" on ciabatta bread? Outstanding. Unbeknownst to me when ordering, this is a vegan dish, and my chef boyfriend (who is often jokingly disparaging toward vegan anything) was impressed and surprised. The boys got Workingman Burgers and raved about how non-fatty they are. Being both French and foodies, they are always the first to complain about overly-fatty American anything. I got the garlic cream cheese mashed potatoes and boyfriend got the fries, so that we could try each. I'm much more of a fry person, but my god, I tasted those mashed potatoes and knew that I would be allowing him one forkful and keeping the rest for me. Outrageously good, these mashed potatoes. Of course, it's not the most complicated thing in the world to make, so I wasn't really as excited as I'm making it seem. Dessert-wise they had three or four options, none of which jumped out at us. Now onto the "why just four stars" portion of the review... 10:05pm on a Friday night in Logan Square with guests in from out of town who wanted pizza. Marcellos had just closed, so we ordered 2 pizzas to go from Revolution. The + : Goat cheese and truffle pizza very very very good. Crispy-perfect crust. The - : Prohibitively expensive for the amount of pizza you receive (don't quote me here, but I think we're talking $12-$14 for 4 pieces of pizza) Italian sausage pizza just "meh" at best and nothing whatsoever out of the ordinary. Moral of the story: Go there for the burgers, for the beer, for the veg fare.... and unless someone else is paying, avoid the pizza.
