The Regency Hyatt...is one of my 4 favorite hotels in the city (others being Sofitel, Swissotel, and W). Basically, it offers the most luxurious rooms you will ever experience anywhere, and saying you get much more than you pay for is an understatement. Thick, soft pillow top beds, Oreck air purifiers with ionizer and fragrance inserts, ipod docking station, 5-disc cd changer, large-screen tv, fresh tulips, white callas, or some other exotic variety of long-stem flower in a crystal vase in your room daily, solid cherrywood furniture, brass desk lamps, memory foam pillows with extra pillows and blanket in the closet, 600 thread-count Egyptian cotton sheets and comforter that feel like silk against the skin, and the bathrooms...aaaaahh...no expense spared on anything! The layout of the rooms represents a perfect melding of design, aesthetics, and function.  I have ABSOLUTELY no complaints or disappointments, and that says a lot because I am one picky bastard. Expect rooms to run about $180-237 per night. Also, when you're confirming your reservation, ask for a complementary upgrade to a king on the Regency Club level floor (this is the limited access uppermost penthouse floor). If you're lucky, one will be available at no extra charge and you will be privy to one of the best views of Chicago. This is one of the few hotels that will make you feel guilty upon check-out and as you settle your bill...knowing you would have gladly paid $200-300 more a night for the kind of luxury you enjoyed during your stay.  I can go on and on about the Hyatt, but I will stop here because the 4-star+ ratings already speak to how amazing your stay will be. RECOMMENDATION: YES...DO the Hyatt Regency EVERY CHANCE YOU GET! Special occasions, for a weekend of downtown partying, whatever excuse you can think up to get you there! Get a king room on one of the upper floors (if you can, do the Regency Club level...there is no better view of the city). Try their website's special promotions when you're booking first, but if you're only seeing $200+, then hit Priceline or Hotwire...they tend to have the best deals for all of the nicer Chicago-area hotels. I also suggest parking your car in the garage about a block away (can't think of the name of the street for sure...but just off Wacker and Columbus Dr..by the bridge). That garage is not affiliated with the Hyatt, but only charges $26 a day. If you do Hyatt's parking/valet service, expect about $46 (after taxes) a day with in/out privilege. I know...OUCH! ...but hey...it's Chicago. Also: Lobby level floor...huge open restaurant, lower-lobby level...bar/lounge area where drinks are served in the evenings. You will also find the Hard Drive nightclub here, which is situated in the middle of a fountain/pool...so surrounded by water. Check out pics. DISCLAIMER: My experience is limited to the Regency Club penthouse level, however, I had many friends stay in regular king rooms and reported experiences similiar to my own.
