Attn: Mr. Todd Temperly What happened to the GOOD OLD DAYS? When Hospitality meant something... When you call yourself "THE Palmer House" you are creating a allegiance to your brand. You are failing to live up to the brand that was built for you many decades ago. The fact that movies stars of years past would flock to your hotel simply based on the name and the brand that was built on SUPERIOR HOSPITALITY. The hospitality recevied by those customer is absolutly a thing of the past. Unfortunately, you have failed miserably to accomplish anything other than outstanding luggage service. What a shame? You are actually calling yourself, "THE Palmer House". Boo Woo Woo, you are embarassing THE CITY OF CHICAGO. Just a note on how our company's corporate travel policy works. Each week we are assigned a client to visit for 5 days. We're generally given notice sometimes 3 days, sometimes 5 to7 days and sometimes weeks in advance notice. We're given a budget for just about everything, air, hotel and car + a daily food allowance and other incidentals like dry cleaning, fuel etc. As contractors WE HAVE A CHOICE!!!! The key is to create a pleasant and enjoyable experience for yourself in your home away from home. I am a contract technical trainer for a company that employs 15,000 other contract trainers. (Notice no large caps in titling as it is not that important to me. The important thing is to get the job done, and I am proud to say we do that!!) In the 18 months of nonstop travel week to week all across the country I have only experienced the feeling of being so belittled and unwelcomed by a hotelier in the hospitality industry one other time and they will not get my repeat business either. It is a shame that I would have to interact with your hotel front desk via phone and front desk managers via phone and in person (Kim over the phone and Vera in person) 5 times and miss my check in and revise the reservation 3 times to accommodate your staff in the handling of a corporate preauthorization to pay for my stay (at your oh so fabulous facility).  When I told the front desk manager to note that I would pay for the first night or two out of my pocket was a moment of insanity for me. After experiencing this cavalier attitude in person, I recall that I HAVE THE OPTION TO CHOOSE. Thank Goodness for that.  Thank you for giving me the OPTION TO CHOOSE!!! I'll work as diligently as I can to stick with my normal policy of patronizing the local boutique hotels who live and die by their level of hospitality. For example Kimpton Properties, YOU ROCK!!!   Vera, your front desk manager was so arrogant as to tell me she would have been doing me a favor in accepting the preauthorization. However, as she put it, she couldn't even accept the preauthorization from me because it wasn't on 'your form' and the form wasn't turned in 1 week in advance of my stay.  I don't know if I received this treatment because I'm a professional busines traveler and you don't work with business travelers. I don't know if I received this treatment because I'm a woman busines traveler and you don't work with women business travelers. I don't know if it's because I'm a human being with a heart and soul that should be treated with courteousy and respect, an you don't work with human beings. I don't know if it's because I'm a black travelers, and you don't work with black travelers. The Palmer House is definitely not my kind of place. Your staff is cold, cavalier and fails to provide a business class of professional hospitality.  Good Luck!!! cc: Hilton Corporate HQ 7930 Jones Branch Drive McLean, Virginia 22102 USA cc:Yelp.com
