We decided to go to brunch here because of the great reviews on Yelp - and it lived up to expectations! We made reservations for 11:30 through Opentable at about 9 am that morning. We were seated promptly at 11:30. Tip to those hoping to "walk in" - people who came in while we were waiting (we got there early) were being told the wait was 45 minutes, so reservations are highly recommended. To begin the meal, they bring fresh beignets - they are really good.  If you are looking for a Chicago-style belt-buster portion, this won't be your kind of restaurant. I'd describe the food as refined Creole. I had the Bayou Teche omelet - crawfish, anduille sausage and cream cheese wrapped in a rather dainty omelet with a Bearnaise sauce. My only negative on the dish is that they were rather stingy with the sauce. The Potatoes O'Brien were served well-done as I'd requested. My wife ordered the Eggs New Orleans - like an Eggs Benedict served on a wonderful flaky popover and a crab-cake instead of an English muffin with ham... They do source locally, and this may sound strange, but the bacon was the biggest surprise. To put this in context, I believe there are 4 food groups - Steak, Foie Gras, bacon and cream. Their bacon was literally the best I've had in my 50+ years on this earth. My wife usually gives me the "look" when I order bacon as a side with an everything omelet - she's the one that insisted we order another side to share! My niece and her boyfriend were our guests - they raved about the food too. He had the gumbo, she had the Eggs New Orleans too. They do have a full coffee bar, but the house brew was really good - no need to go all fancy, just order coffee and spoil yourself with the wonderful cream they serve with it. The service is as others have mentioned - a bit inconsistent. I was planning to give the restaurant 5-stars, but my wife looked over my shoulder and said "the waiter was so condescending, you have to take a star off. It is pricey - we don't drink, and brunch with a tip was over $100 - well worth it, but come prepared! So - amazing food, pretty good service. We'll be back - and it's a 25 mile drive for us!
