I couldn't have been more unhappy with my stay at the Congress Plaza Hotel. Check-in went all right, although I'm still pretty sure that the check-in woman at the front desk never looked up from typing, she was short and rude while assigning me a room key - not the way you want your guests to see a first impression.   After getting to our room, we discovered that even though it's an old hotel, they had upgraded their TV's, to probably 26 inch flat screens, a nice touch. Only then to discover that THERE IS NO HEAT IN THE ROOM. After realizing I could not control the temperature in the room, I phoned the front desk and ask about the heat and I was rudely informed "there's no heat in the entire building." This is Chicago, and even in October it's cold, I can't imagine anyone staying in this hotel in the Winter - you will spend all your time under the covers or in the shower.   That brings me to the shower. The shower head was detached from the wall, hanging 2-3 inches off the wall (as in broken, not by design). The water pressure was more like a leaky pipe. Also it took forever to get the water warm (like 5 minutes) and I mean warm, not hot, it was never hot.   I tried to get a late check out as we wanted to walk around the city for a while before our flight out later in the day and they would not accommodate that, a fairly common request among hotel guests. We had to check out by the time given, and were told we could leave our luggage with the bell hop for free while we toured the city.   After checking out at the front desk, I was directed to the bell hop station to check my luggage. After waiting in line for 25 minutes I set my bags down to be checked - the bell hop asked if one of my bags was a computer to which I said "yes." He then rudely told me I could not store my computer there, that I would have to go to the front desk and have it checked by security. I asked him why no one at the front desk had bothered to tell me this when I checked out and asked where to check my things, and he responded "that's not my job!" I explained to him that I was aware of that, but a friendly suggestion to let the front desk people know that would go far with the guests. He literally got in my face, told me he didn't like my attitude and refused to check my bag. Mind you, I was upset, but I was not yelling, nor was I raising my voice or being out of line.   I then walked to the front desk, explained the situation to the 6 girls chatting behind the front desk and they stared at me like I was from outer-space. The one girl who handled my check out said "well how was I supposed to know you had a computer?" I responded with "why don't you just tack on to everyone you tell about the baggage check, "also, if you have a computer with you, we need to store it in a separate room with Security." I am not joking, it's like I was trying to teach them complex math equations, they stared at me blankly like they didn't understand customer service. Security finally came and stored my bags for me. Mind you, I don't have a problem with storing laptops separately, in fact I think it's a great idea considering their baggage check is right next to the front door which is easily accessible to thieves. I just had a problem with no one taking any responsibility and not one hotel employee showing any care for customer service.   I apologize for this being so long winded, but I felt this was a story that needed to be told. I'm 32 years old, I'm not some old man who just complains about everything. I stay in dozens of hotels all year long, and this by far was the worst experience I've had in probably 10 years. I've never more in my life felt like I wasted money on something.
