This hotel is crap. I've stayed here twice and both stays were less than impressive. The sad part is that the owners of Hyatt live in Chicago, so you'd think they would put more effort into this property but we have nicer Hyatt's in Colorado. I've stayed in a lot of the hotels around Michigan Ave and usually don't feel the need to write a review but last night's stay was ridiculous. The weather has been pretty brutal in Chicago and my apartment does not have central air, so I thought I would treat myself to a hotel for the night. Well I used Hotwire hoping I would get anything but this place, but that did not happen. I showed up around midnight because my girlfriend and I had been to the movies. Now I find sometimes if you get a really laid back night shift crew, they won't make you put down a credit card. I mean it's already midnight and checkout is at noon, why fill out more paperwork and hassle me with having to check that the "authorization" drops off. Well I guess this place thinks they're the W because they would not budge on a $50 authorization. $50 bucks!!! Even if I rockstar trashed the room, I'm so sure the $50 would cover it all. Oh well I let them authorize for $50 even though my room was pre-paid and then got offered a queen bed. Not okay. I can sleep on a king at home, I'm not paying to sleep on a queen. We finally compromise with a king on a smoking floor. I then asked if they knew of any late-night delivery open because I did not have my laptop to Grubhub something. The dude hands me a Sarpino's menu. WOW! The room was just what I had expected. Paper thin walls, rock hard bed and no wine glasses(just paper cups). Yeah, we got the longest bar in the country and you can't put real glasses in the room. To top it off, housekeeping woke me up at noon even though the privacy sign was up and the front desk said if I wanted to stay till 3 PM it would be 1/2 a night in price. No thank you! Do yourself a favor and skip on this place. The W, the Dana and even the Hotel Felix are better than this dump.
