It's very tempting to return to one's roots after growing to stand so tall over them. After revolutionizing the Chicago brunch experience with Orange almost a decade ago, Dale Levitski has opened his accolade-worthy Sprout restaurant for Sunday morning meals. The difference between brunch at Sprout and Orange (I should say, the Orange of yore) is a class issue. Although they both strive for creativity, they're translating that effort into two different languages -- the fine dining, more restrained brunch at Sprout was nothing like the inventive, bohemian fare at Orange. When Levitski creates meals for Sprout's evening diners, his beautiful plates and rich flavor combinations put it on the same level as other well-known small-plate palaces in Chicago. But for brunch, the chef extracted the thread of cleverness, going for mostly traditional plats with premium ingredients and eschewing the side of whimsy. Drinks naturally began the afternoon (I should note that Cyndi and I had to make a too-late 1:30 reservation because they were booked throughout the morning, though when we arrived there were only three other tables occupied); I ordered the mild-mannered Curious Jorge, which featured a deceptively strong layer of tequila masked by iced coffee, horchata, and a caramelized banana boat floating at the top of the glass. Cyndi's Afternoon Delight was an indiscernible combination of sweetness. Our attention turned to food -- we were fairly hungry by that time, natch. We started with an order of the Lithuanian bacon buns, which were tame biscuits stuffed with an onion-and-bacon mixture. They were tasty, sure, but the texture of the biscuits failed to impress me (they were a little too light, I think?) and the flavor profile wasn't anything I hadn't tasted before. Cyndi, as per usual, ordered the shrimp and "grits," which was a 2x4 of formed, lukewarm carbohydrates. The "chewiness" of the shrimp, as she reported, was another textural blunder here. Plus carrots are not her favorite, but it clearly said there were carrots involved so Sprout can't be faulted for that. I decided to try the rabbit hash, a plate worthy of a lesser restaurant. Sure, rabbit still isn't as common on menus as one might think, but it still seemed predictable to me. The pairing of rabbit with green apple and escarole has been done. Hashes are hashes -- why not bring the same inventiveness that you serve up for dinner to your brunch menu? Whereas dinners here seem like a steal, brunch did not feel like a $35 per person-worthy experience. I hope that we simply chose poorly when making our food decisions; I will wait, however, for kinks to be pleated into the menu (rather than ironed out, as they too earnestly have) before returning for a second taste.
