A great place for a late lunch! I don't know if it's the norm, but we visited here one Saturday at 1pm, probably only 3 tables occupied other than ours. Service never slacked and we weren't rushed at the end for our check. I loved the food here at Demera. We started with Spinach Sambusas and I could have just ordered a few more and would have left a stellar review just by that. Crispy, flaky dough, warm, fresh spinach and this hot sauce that was divine! The bro and I shared lunch opting for the veggie and meat messob platter. It was a great deal coming out to $15 per person and we both ate well and left very satisfied (no leftovers!) For those not familiar--The food is brought out on a platter of Injera bread--soft, spongy sourdough-like bread. you break off a piece of injera, scoop up some of the delicious stew with it and enjoy! The veggies: Ye-misir wot: Red lentils with onions, garlic and ginger stewed in Berbere sauce Ye-shimbra assa: ground chickpeas shaped into dough in berbere sauce Gomen: Collard Greens sauteed with onions, garlic, ginger with sliced jalapenos. The meats: Ye-beg Wot: Lamb pieces stewed in berbere sauce Doro alicha wot: chicken stewed in mild sauce with onion, garlic, ginger Ye-siga alicha: Beef cooked in mild sauce of onions, garlic, ginger and tumeric Everything was so very flavorful. My favorite being the Lamb--very tender pieces of lamb cooked so well--the sauce kind of tangy, a bit spicy, just delicious. For the veggies, the Gomen was my favorite--I love collard greens and this dish was very tasty, not bitter at all. And as always, I love the injera bread left underneath stews, almost like a leftover of your current meal--it sits there soaking up the sauce so it's especially flavorful. I hardly comment about the bathrooms in my reviews, but it's worth mentioning--no changing table for junior, so just plan your visit accordingly if you must bring the baby. But it's still the coolest Hands-free bathroom I've ever seen! Auto soap (that works!) Dyson hand dryer, and no need to hold the door handle, thanks to a special hook that you can grab with your forearm!
