I love Ruth's Chris. It is a chain and as such I am assured of receiving the same thing every time I am there, no matter the location. This is a great thing. Unfortunately this particular location failed at that in a number of significant ways.  I made an 8:00 p.m. reservation. My party of two arrived at about 7:55 p.m. We were not seated until 8:40 p.m. As to reasons why, we were told that they did not expect it to be that busy that night. How is that? I made a reservation. Everyone else waiting before us had a reservation. How does a number of reservations prevent you from understanding how busy you will be and planning ahead accordingly? Is your front of house staff that stupid? Reservations guide you in filling empty tables with walk ins. It is quite simple. At 8:35 p.m. we were offered a drink from the bar for our delay which was helpful but after 35 minutes it was also stupid that it took so long for the front of house staff to realize that we had been waiting that long.  The next screw up was our waitress/server, Petra .  Me and another guy ordered bone in ribeye. There are two on the menu, a ribeye and a more expensive cowboy ribeye. Neither of us intended to order the cowboy ribeye and neither of us asked for it. Nonetheless our server entered our orders as cowboy ribeyes. The problem here is that our order being entered for the more expensive steak was not discovered until the food was consumed and the bill was presented for payment.  I'm curious as to whether Petra was hoping for a larger tip based on the more expensive cowboy ribeye and hoping that we would not notice the higher cost. Unfortunately I frequent Ruth's Chris and am somewhat familiar with the menu and noticed the price difference and what was entered on the ticket. One thing I can say for certain, the cowboy ribeye is not noticeably nor meaningfully larger and is definitely not worth the additional cost. Order the regular ribeye, save your money, and receive what amounts to the same thing.  All in all, what I learned is that no one should eat here unless they are warned that Petra may alter their order to higher priced items. Also, make a backup reservation at a nearby steakhouse (there are several very close by) in case this place expects you to wait 40 minutes for your table.  In Chicago, a city with a large number of steakhouses, this kind of stupidity is inexcusable and makes this particular Ruth's Chris worth avoiding.
