I have to admit, I was skeptical about dining at Frontera Grill, as I am with most celebrity chef restaurants, but especially so with FG because as a native of Southern California I consider myself a "Mexican food snob." Frontera lives up to the hype. We went to Frontera for lunch on a week day, to avoid the dinner crowd. The service was great. Our waitress was attentive, friendly, and accommodating. She even checked with the chef regarding my husband's food allergies (almonds - random, I know) and thank God she did, because apparently the mole is chock-full of them. Like a good wife, I ordered the mole poblano anyway, and provided my husband with a full report on just how delicious it was :) We started with the Trio Trio Trio Ceviche, which was a trio (go figure) sampling of lime-marinated albacore, Mexican blue shrimp and calamari, and Hawaiian yellowfin tuna. The presentation was vibrant and beautiful and the flavors were delicious. A great start to our meal. We also ordered the chips and salsa. Rick Bayless' tomatillo salsa is amazing! It's so bright and has so much flavor, I wanted to pour it over everything. For entrees, I ordered the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano and my hubby ordered the Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena. I am very picky about mole and so far have disliked every restaurant mole I've ever tasted. Then came Frontera - holy mole! This mole was rich, creamy, perfectly sweet and savory at the same time. Everything a mole should be. Outwardly, I expressed my sympathy to my husband that he couldn't try any of it, but inwardly I secretly thanked Rick Bayless for using almonds in his mole so I wouldn't have to share. It was that good. The carne asada was amazing as well. So tender and juicy and perfectly seasoned. I've had a lot of carne asada that is pounded so thin that it dries out and tastes cardboard-like. Not this carne asada. It was thick, succulent and marinated to perfection. The Topolo Margaritas were great - really fresh, not to sweet, super strong. We also tried the Mexican Mojito with tequila, which was a refreshing alternative to the traditional rum mojito (and very strong as well). To top off our meal, our waitress brought out the chocolate pecan pie topped with a birthday candle (we were in Chicago for my birthday) and "Happy Birthday" written in chocolate sauce. Although not the highlight of the meal, it was certainly a sweet way to end our lunch. Overall, Frontera Grill is a solid 4.5 stars. Colorful ambiance, friendly service, delicious food. Contrary to other reviews, I thought the portions were perfect - we left stuffed. I highly recommend it!
