This is long overdue... but I guarantee that nothing has changed between my dinner at 3rd Coast and this review. Progressive + Trendy are two words NOT affiliated with this joint. Warm + Cozy + Odd {in a good way} would better explain this vintage-y little spot.  Things to love :: *Historic location + quiet "off the beaten Gold Coast path" location *You feel like you walked into a Denny's but then you realize it's 1000x better. *Pretty damn good food - it's usually frightening to see fancy schmancy small plates {think chevrine cheese fondue}, chopped salads, burgers, sammies, organic rib-eye, chicken marsala and breakfast-served-all-day listed on the same menu... but they pull it off with class, sans diner grease. Heck, with a table full of two vegetarians + one picky eater + a man that will eat anything... it was easy to find something for everyone. Thumbs up. Things that make you go hmm... *Wine bar? Really?? I think that's a little misleading. Don't get me wrong, these waiters know their wine. But a comprehensive wine list and knowledgeable servers do not make a wine bar. Especially when you have a full bar of top shelf liquor, PBR, and a complete espresso get-up that could put some corner coffee shops to shame.  Things that make you want to come back for more :: *Adorable Orlando-Bloom-esque servers. Okay, okay, so our Southeastern European waiter from Montenegro was easy on the eyes... but he was also just really good at his job! Loved his unsolicited wine recommendations {"I think you should get this one instead... it's the same price, but it's so much better"}, his ability to not bat an eye when I asked for hot sauce with my salad, and the fact that when he came by to refill our water, he asked, "Do you guys want a shot?" And then he proceeded to concoct a round of shooters he'd been whipping up for the past couple of days.  If there is ever a place that's perfect for geriatric couples + midweek GNOs + low-key date nights, then it's 3rd Coast. There's something for everyone.
