Thoroughly impressed with Graham Elliot--an extremely high level of service mixed with delicious and incredibly innovative food in a casual, but still carefully maintained, environment. Dinner started with a small, complimentary bowl of seasoned popcorn with truffle oil. I have had a similar appetizer at Crop Bistro in Cleveland, but instead with a balsamic vinaigrette. The Graham Elliot version nailed the seasonings perfectly. It is probably a good thing you only get a small bowl, as it would be too easy to fill yourself up snacking on this popcorn. We decided on the five-course tasting menu with two courses we particularly wanted added on. The first of these add-ons was the "Foie-lipop," a lollipop of foie gras with its edges covered in a thin layer of Pop Rocks. The smooth taste and texture of the foie gras combined with the rough texture of the Pop Rocks, not to mention the coating's contribution of sound and touch (the popping in your mouth) make this an extraordinary dish. Throw in the fact that it was only $5 each, and I should have bought a couple for the road. The next act came in the form of the Deconstructed Caesar Salad starring an amazing "Twinkie" crouton--a long crouton with a firm exterior filled with a Caesar salad dressing-like mix. The amazing crouton was accompanied with a small wedge of lettuce topped with an anchovy to complete the scene. Soup followed salad in the form of Chicken Noodle Soup. The soup tasted fine, with the carrot marshmallow adding an appropriate amount of sweetness, taste, and body to the soup (you stir the marshmallow into the soup until it dissolves). I was distracted, however, with the choice of bowl for the dish. While I understand a wide bowl is needed to lay out the components of the soup (including a small slice of chicken with its edges wrapped with a thin layer of pasta) before the base is poured into the bowl, this makes the soup slightly annoying to eat. This is not to say its a very difficult dish to eat, but certainly the choice of dishware should be at least neutral to, if not enhance, and certainly not detract, from the food being consumed. The second addition of the night came in the form of the Hog Cheek--one of the a la carte items split into three (the number of guests at the table) and integrated into the tasting. The accommodation to add the dish was a part of the superb service we had (more on that to follow). Unfortunately, I was not that impressed with the taste of the dish--it failed, in my opinion, to accentuate the tenderness and, frankly, fattiness of the hog cheek (which is why folks go for the cheek meat in the first place). I would recommend passing on the accompanying pork rind. Back to the script with the Black Bass with Leek variations. The fish was cooked just right, and the smoked leek topped with thin fried leek strips was pretty good. I was not "blown away" by this dish as much as I was with many others, but it was certainly passable. Wagyu Beef with separate sauces of trumpet mushrooms and arugula puree. Outstanding. The (relatively lean) cuts of Wagyu beef were perfectly cooked, and I loved the trumpet mushroom sauce. This was a great end to the main portion of the meal. Dessert was an assortment of chocolate items, including a tasty chocolate ribbon and a very tasty chocolate crisp. I really appreciated the perfect port pairing with the course. A word on the service: Excellent. And I do not mean just in terms of "casual" or (rather) "trendy casual" dining. The service was in the same class as service at the highest levels of formal fine dining establishments. Water service was almost too attentive--my glass was barely ever less than 80% full. Plates were placed and removed from each setting fairly simultaneously. When I accidentally put a droplet of sauce on my shirt, the waiter, who must have seen me addressing the stain with my napkin (or else sensed a disturbance in the force), brought a small glass of soda water and clean napkin to the table without even the slightest prompting. Upon seeing the three of us looking confusingly at the check, another server apparently checked the bill on the computer, saw that it had charged us for the wrong bottle of wine, came over, and addressed the matter--again, before any of us had even raised the issue. And, finally, the offered tour of the kitchen (which we accepted) was insightful and much appreciated. Criticisms? This is probably splitting hairs, but I thought the pacing of the dishes through the courses could have been improved. While a short respite--to enjoy wine or contemplate on the superb dish just consumed--is desirable, I felt we were waiting a little too long in between courses. Taking the tour of the kitchen, I became more attuned to the constraints on pacing, but I cannot fully let the restaurant off the hook for this relatively minor offense.
