They say ''absence makes the heart grow fonder," but does it? I was down the street shopping and couldn't resist the opportunity to pop in for a bite; it had been years since I last ate at NL and had fond memories of the food. I think, at least in this case, absence may have made my heart grow fonder, but it definitely made my memory grow foggier and forget some of NL's shortcomings. The place was pretty busy when I arrived, but since it was the tail end of the lunch hour it thinned out quickly. Once I sat down I was given a menu, water, warm chips, 3 kinds of salsa, and a dish of peppers & carrots to nosh on. Perusing the menu I was a little confused. I swear the main section was titled "a la carte," but all of those items were priced in the $11-12 range which seemed a little steep for a la carte, let alone Mexican. Maybe I misread it, or it just may be that my Spanish really sucks! On the back I found the Mexican standards, which was what I had in mind. I was disappointed that there was only 1 combination to choose from. Half of the items in it were veggie and half were not; I would've asked to change it up, but that seemed too high maintenance (even for me). I looked for an option to get a single taco, enchilada, etc. to create my own meal, but everything came in 3's - FAIL. I settled on the 3 tostadas for $6. My food came quickly and there was plenty of it, but it was pretty bland and flavorless, even after adding some of the salsa. My meal was really messy and hard to eat - thank goodness my place setting had a few thick napkins. I struggled with giving this place 2 or 3 stars given the service (or lack thereof) that I received, I guess I'm feeling generous and maybe a little nostalgic by giving it 3. Her Surliness, my server, was very inattentive and unfriendly. If avoiding my table was a contest she would have taken home the blue ribbon! Her Surliness only stopped by to take my order and drop off my food; I had to flag her down to get more water. When I finished my plates were bussed quickly, but I sat trying to catch her eye for my check. The table next to me tried to do the same thing, but despite her knowing glances back at us she continued refilling and restocking salsas. It was only after about 10 minutes when another table near us was seated that she came by at which time we both flagged her down for our checks. Bottom line: I doubt I'll be back. The food was adequate, not amazing like I remembered and the service stunk. WARNING: Cash only! Once you get your check pay at the cashier. TIP: It's BYOB
