The Gage and I have history. That's right, a restaurant which has been in existence for only about two years has been the backdrop to some very memorable times in my life. Let me explain... On top of being a place that my wife and I have relied on many times for a good lunch, having some after work drinks, brunch, whatever- this place is also where my wife and I celebrated our engagement, and most recently where we got together with family and friends to share a celebratory brunch after the MS Walk. The Gage made planning for this event incredibly easy and accommodated a group of 20 of us neatly, and with very little notice (and multiple changes even two days before our arrival), all with terrific service and a welcoming disposition. They didn't think twice about breaking their own seating rule by allowing my handicapped mother to sit before our party arrived, and then filled us in as our group slowly made our way in. Food has always been fantastic here, and on this beautiful Sunday I followed my usual pattern by ordering a sandwich. I have never been disappointed by their sandwiches, and this time I had their Gunthorp Farms Pork sandwich. It is massive- served on a ciabatta roll, accompanied by melted brie, cabbage slaw and mustard- it is hardy, yet the flavors come through. Everyone around me enjoyed their meal and service was terrific. Ambiance and decor are well thought out here coming across as a modern, urban pub. You get the feeling that it is still a pub without being clubbed over the head with the typical Irish-pub theme. The Gage allows the food to speak to you in that lovely Irish brogue, and I really appreciate that! Their use of subway tiles are exactly my style. Comfortable enough for a group of active walkers to sit and enjoy a great meal or drinks, and yet sophisticated enough to make it a date spot, or even a place to continue business talk after an important meeting. The Gage is exactly what the heart of the loop needs as an all-purpose dining and drinking destination.
