So props to the Gage for bringing me back to Yelp for my newfound food adventures here in Chicago. Unfortunately for them, it's so I can spread how truly bad I thought it was. Let's dive right in. First course we went for the Fondue after seeing some positive reviews here for it. Let me say that I was, right off the bat, throughly unimpressed. Other than the cheese, the only other thing on the plate is 3 very long pieces of toast. Chef's prerogative here, but this hardly seemed like the delicate accompaniment for the brie and it left us feeling bloated and carb heavy, especially after the complimentary sourdough. As for the fondue itself, just not an impressive dish - flavor profile similar to movie theater popcorn, and that's not a good thing. Moving on to the seasonal option, a chilled corn soup. It comes out looking quite beautiful, a number of toppings on top of a mild yellow broth. Unfortunately, despite the presentation, the entire bowl had a singular bland taste with none of the multiple ingredients adding any flavor. Friend got the lobster and while it actually had taste, it was eh at best. So right around this time, despite being rather unimpressed with the kitchen's showing, we do opt to have another beverage. Unfortunately, this was around the time our waitress went MIA for the next 20 minutes of the meal. To her credit (I guess), when she did reappear, after the plate of soup has been sitting untouched for that long, she bothers to ask if I enjoyed it and when I disclose otherwise, she removes it from the bill. So..things are on the upswing...right? Cue another 15 minute waitress disappearance (with drinks still missing) interrupted by the kitchen sending out a busboy with our meal. This consisted of: Fish and Chips - jeez. just not good. ridiculously greasy and the batter's nothing special at all. Fries were an eyebrow raiser due to an alright seasoning, but not worth the price of admission. Gilt "Get the Burger" Burger - alright. average. maybe in a smaller city, this would be the talk of the town, but chicago's got some damn good burgers...no hate, well executed, just not nearly enough to save this place. brioche bun was good, tomatoes were nice and fresh. Tomato and Parmigiano Gratin - tastes like can of tomatoes, an indetectable reggiano and a pathetic garnish of breadcrumbs. This lackluster dish was bothersome itself, but it's particularly annoying because I asked the waitress explicitly when ordering if it was good and she insisted it was great. Either she hasn't tried it or she particularly enjoys canned tomatoes. Soon after our food arrives, MIA Waitress comes back and as she does, I think she overhears me complaining to my companion about her spotty service. She then annoyingly circles the table for a while, which, because we were the only ones in the room at this point, was quite obvious. Then, in a quite impressive feat, manages to not be around when we finish our meal and want the check. Ugh. the location may be good, the drinks might be okay (one more round might have been in the cards were the service better) but the wait staff was not and the food was downright bad, not to mention for the price.
