I've been craving Nuevo Leon allll day!! Unfortunately I was stuck near campus because of a hellish class-schedule, so I was stuck with Chipotle. Normally I can get down with some veggie tacos there, but with Nuevo Leon on the brain, it just did NOT hit the spot. I'm still fiending. For me, Nuevo Leon is only for certain occasions. Like when I'm feeling especially heiffer-ish and don't have anywhere else to go or anyone to impress. This way I can chill in some pants that stretch, because the food is tasty but does a number on your waistline, if only temporarily (unless you eat there regularly, then you might just need to do some new wardrobe shopping). But seriously, cheese wrapped in fried tortilla topped with more cheese will do that to you. But it may just be worth it.. and I'm saying this as someone whose favorite cuisine has never been Mexican. My favorite things to get here are the enchiladas with mole... sooo good.. and the flautitas de queso panela are also sinfully delicious. There are many other yummy looking and smelling things that family and friends have gotten (and raved about), which I haven't gotten to try because I'm pretty sure the beans are not vegetarian.. but oh well. My brother is so taken with this place that one day (and I think this was food-coma induced) he made up a tribute for Nuevo Leone to Bob Dylan's "Forever Young." Not sure why that was his song of choice and can't remember what his exact lyrics were, but I do know that it was entertaining... and a great reason to come here, because apparently the food inspires creativity! Nuevo Leon even brings you complementary appetizers, which vary but are always good. The food has stayed really cheap too. I spend less here than I do at really sub-par, hole-in-the-wall taquerias that cater to drunk people. And everybody knows drunk people think anything greasy tastes good, even if it sucks. My only complaints are that the servers aren't that friendly and they only accept cash, but again, considering the prices it's really not unreasonable. AHHHHH!! TE QUIERO NUEVO LEON!! Maybe tomorrow..
