I went there for lunch on a Saturday and was impressed by the decor, very bright and colorful. The place was packed, so we got on the list then headed over to the bar. Luckily a table was open there so we just sat down and were given menus. The first thing I noticed is that the lunch menu was pretty small and didn't seem to have a whole lot of really interesting items.  It was about noon so my guest and I decided to go with some of the more breakfasty items. She had the corn pancakes, I had the huevos mexicana with chorizo. I also had the golden margarita, and my guest had the margarita vampiro or something, basically a bloody mary with tequila and some kind of chipotle juice. How she choked that down was beyond me. I had one sip and found it to be not meant for human consumption. Then again I can't stand bloody mary's. My golden margarita was pretty meh. The tequila was smooth but it was very small, like in a high ball glass and the mixers made the whole drink seem watered down. After about 15 minutes the food arrived. My guests dish had 2 rather anorexic looking pancakes, 2 eggs sunny side up and I believe some chorizo and syrup. My dish consisted of a scramble of eggs with chorizo and salsa, some black beans with a bit of cheese and home made corn tortillas.  All in all the food was only OK. In my opinion paying high dollar for food that is only OK, is not ...well, OK. I fail to see what the deal is with supposed nuevo latino/high end mexican food. Mexican and south west food is perfect when it's just simple fresh ingredients. I can find more satisfying food at a little taqueria around the city, or just about anywhere there is a large latin/south american population. And I don't see what all the hype is about the margaritas. I guess if you like your drinks watered down and served in dixie cups, then yeah...they rock. Perhaps I'm being a little too hard on Frontera but if the lunch is any indication, then dinner might not be worth it. I may give this place another chance, but as of right now I'm pretty unimpressed. 2.5 stars
