I'll start by saying, this place has some damn good pizza. Came here on a Wednesday night with a party of 4 and had a great time. When you walk in, you notice immediately that the space is awesome. I've never been to Italy, but the decor seemed authentic, and traditional without going over the top. Service was prompt and solid. For antipasti, we split the prosciutto and arugula salad. The meat was good, but could have been a bit livelier. Not the best I've had, but good stuff nonetheless. The salad and bread which accompanied the dish was average. I also tried a bit of the Insalata Di Mare which is poached calamari, cuttlefish, shrimp, celery, and olives. The texture of each part of this dish impressed me the most, but the flavor could've stood out more. On to the star of the show, the pizza. I really enjoyed the Neapolitan style, and am looking forward to going back and getting more. Frankly, I've reached a point of boredom with Pizza in Chicago. When I first moved here, I went nuts over deep dish and then quickly got tired of it, so this style was a much needed chance of pace. I went with the Salsiccia, which has fresh Mozzarella, Basil and Italian Sausage. The freshness of the ingredients was obvious, and the depth of flavor in the crust was awesome. The only downside to this style, was the thinness of the crust in the middle. It's so thin, that it became very soggy and broke apart easily. Being new to Neapolitan, this may just be an inherent side effect of the style, but it is a slight drawback. Nonetheless it was all delicious. I paired this with a somewhat mediocre red wine, the Cerasulo. Although I was looking for a lighter wine, this must've been too light as I thought it was bland. Last but certainly not least was the dessert. Being a big tiramisu fan, I was obligated to grab some of their version. Extremely well done stuff, definitely some of the better Tiramisu I've ever had. It was well balanced, and not too soggy or too cakey, nor was it overrun with too much mascarpone. It was all in nice proportion with great richness and sweetness. Went well with a high quality cappuccino. Overall Verdict: This place gets 4 stars from me for the great pizza, delicious tiramisu, awesome vibe/atmosphere, and quality service. It loses a star because of the overall average nature of the appetizers, and the mediocre wine I had. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great pizza experience.
