Alinea is not just about beautiful food, it's also about defeating the odds. The cuisine is: an idea realized. Visionary, resourceful, inspiring, and the work of an unforgiving workaholic. There is a reason why chefs around the world have voted him the best in the world - over and over again, and why even now, he continues to cram awards into his home. He is the best. Chef Grant, discovered he had tongue cancer just after his restaurant found global fame and respect, he was told he'd never taste again. A James Beard award winner (multiple times over), he began to rely on his sense of smell to know when his, now infamous, cuisine was reaching levels of endless perfection; that and his trusty sous chef - who operated as a taster... Grant became the Beethoven of cooking. Grant now is cancer free, and still presenting his art of no boundaries cuisine. ****Normally I'd post a list of the foods that rocked my world --- but the menu changes so often..I don't want to recommend a dish and have you not able to get your hands on it.**** Those that argue the price tag of this restaurant is high...I agree it's pricey, but MOST people have enough experience to know, that when go someplace fancy - you pay a fancy price. (it's $195, with tax and tip $252...for 21 courses! And made by the most talented chef in the world. ---- If you spend more than that on wine or cocktails - - that's your problem) So if you can embrace the price tag, and the fact it's a loooong meal (21-25 courses)...you'll have a fantastic time. Whatever the reason...go to celebrate life! TOP FIVE REASONS TO GO TO ALINEA: 1) Culinary art and taste at it's height 2) Feel like your dining at Iron Chef but better 3) Charming yet pretentious service (let's face it when you pay alot of money you don't want the charming yet "chatty cathy" waiter) 4) Fantastic wine list 5) Warm yet modern environment THE TOP FIVE REASONS NOT TO GO TO ALINEA: 1) Price (for the those less experienced with fine dining, this will seem like a lot of money - but for what you get, it's fine(it's $195, with tax and tip $252...for 21 courses! And made by the most talented chef in the world. ---- If you spend more than that on wine or cocktails - - that's your problem)  2) If you are a picky eater this will be your worst nightmare 3) Parking can be tedious on the weekend 4) They do frown upon those that want to pick the menu apart "eg: make my fish, tofu instead, and bring me a side of mayo instead of the sauce it comes with" 5) Reservations can be hard to get sometimes.
