I still don't get it. After an intentional hiatus of several years, I came back here yesterday to visit with some old friends whom I don't see very often. That was the only factor which made the long wait tolerable. We checked in at 10:50 and were seated at 11:35. At the time that we were about to be seated, I heard them quoting newcomers 60 to 90 minutes. The hype machine rolls on, I guess. I don't understand why people make this a destination. There are so many other options nearby, not to mention other neighborhoods. My breakfast was bad. Not "just okay" but bad. For some reason my dish came out about five minutes after the rest of the table's, so I'm not sure what was going on back there. I ordered the rock shrimp benedict and asked for the remoulade hollandaise on the side after seeing benedicts going to other tables drenched in sauce. The sauce turned out to be fine and in fact I also used it on my breakfast potatoes. But the benedict was awful. The english muffins were limp and chewy and the shrimp were tough and rubbery. Also, the dish was nearly tasteless. A sparing application of the hollandaise added some flavor, but when your main ingredients cannot stand on their own without a dousing of sauce, you have a problem. I do have to say that the single lemon ricotta & sour cherry pancake that I ordered for "dessert" was damn good. Way too sweet, but damn good. The service was adequate but lacked personality. Some of us enjoy a little happiness with their weekend brunch, you know? In the attic of my mind, this place seems like a relic of the early aughts. I associate it with a time in my life before I knew anything about decent restaurants, in the pre-pre-Yelp era, and in the years before a plethora of spots sprung up to accommodate this town's brunch obsession. Now, there are so many better options, all with shorter waits. When I dated a girl who was a brunch nut but only knew a few places, and later when I had friends who lived nearby for a couple of years, I would shrug and find myself tagging along to the Bongo Room. But now that I know better and usually control my own brunch destiny, there is no reason to come here and suffer long waits for mediocre food. Except to catch up with some good friends. For that I would be willing to go anywhere.
