This review is specifically for the Events and Catering Department. I had a very poor and drawn out experience which I'll tell you all about: My company contacted Sheraton early July for a dinner reception we're having in October. The rep we met, Elizabeth, was very friendly, perky and showed us they Mayfair Room, which was just what we were looking for. A slam dunk initial visit. By July 29th I told her it was a go, and please send over the contracts. We would love that room. Then I sent a couple more emails with the same request. Called every couple days. No response. Finally on August 9th she said she'd send the contracts to me ASAP, what name would I like to have on the contracts. I told her mine. Next, no contact, no reply. Emailed every few days...... called every couple days....... finally got a hold of her on August 17th, she said she'd get the contracts completed and over to my by Friday (2 days away). Then no contact, no reply. Emailed a couple more times. Called several more times. Left messages. More messages. Messages for her assistant. Finally called her today- August 24th- guess what??? That room will be closed for a DOOR REPAIR the evening of October 5th- when our event will be held. No can do. Seems to me that most hotels would figure out a door repair so that it wouldn't coincide with an evening thousands-of-dollars dollars reception. Especially considering they had until October 5th to figure it out. Guess that door has to be repaired that day, that evening. The room was lovely, my immediate reaction was that this was going to be a slam dunk. I had to beg and beg and beg them for over a month to let me get a contract for this event so we could do business. I don't know what the issue was that caused me to get such poor treatment, but this is how it happened. I do event planning for my company all the time, and having to beg for one month to engage in a contract is not the norm. Probably for the best. Who knows WHAT kind of time I would have to put in to let them know the menu for the evening. Oiy. Disappointing experience.
