2 words: Saturday Brunch. Not too many places where I'm from have a Saturday Brunch but I think the good people of Chicago have come to realize that you really do need 2 days for brunch, if you don't you're completely missing out on a second group of hungry/hungover late risers. We went to Revolution on a brisk Saturday morning and had the most delightful brunch of my life. I ordered the Cherry Porter Pancakes which was three pancakes with Michigan cherries, candied pecans, cinnamon butter and real maple syrup. Holy heaven, as if it didn't SOUND amazing, it tasted FUCKING amazing too. (Yes, the profanity was entirely necessary there). Typically I have an issue with eating pancakes and French toast due to the fact that they're incredibly sweet and I just can't seem to stomach that kind of stuff anymore, but these pancakes, well these pancakes were perfect. Not too sweet, even slightly bitter - you could DEFINITELY taste the Cherry Porter. Actually, you could taste EVERY flavor in this meal and they were so perfectly paired I can't even come up with a better word to describe them. I ate every last bite of these pancakes and wished I would have savored them even longer than I did. My companion ordered the Pancetta biscuits with Italian sausage gravy and while it looked amazing, I didn't want anything to interrupt my own breakfast so I let him keep it to himself. All in all, I know that next time I'm in Chicago this is a place I NEED to visit again. I wish it were possible for me to eat breakfast, lunch, AND dinner here all in one day, but I just might go into a severe coma and require hibernation for at least a week after doing so. Their set up inside is quite lovely, very simple, lots of wood -I love that- and they even have neat little cozy corners where (apparently) there is a fireplace burning at night. I could definitely see myself coming here with friends at night for a drink or 6. They have a pretty awesome selection of beers (most of which I have never heard of), and they even have a beer-club and offer growlers which you can take home and bring back in to refill throughout the year. Why can't there be more places like this in California?! The only problem with this place is that it is a little "out of the way" unless you live within walking distance. Make sure you have plenty of time to walk off your drinks or assign a designated driver for sure.
