I am surprised that nobody has mentioned this: the Sheraton Chicago is the stingiest hotel I have ever encountered. There are lots of hidden fees. Let me count the ways in which you are charged and taxed for every small item. --there is a continental breakfast available on the 33rd floor. However, it is only for "club members" though this is not made clear to you. After you sit down with your coffee and bagel, you are given a scrip of paper to sign which states that you will be charged 19 bucks plus 18 percent tip for a continental breakfast. WTF? You would much be better served to go across the black to the NBC building, rather than this overpriced bagel shop. --The POOL costs money. Huh? a 300 dollar hotel room won't pay for your pool? This is too cheap for my tastes. Otherwise it costs 12 bucks a day or 20 bucks for your entire stay to dip in the the not-so-olympic sized pool. Instead, I took a hot bath. In my quickie tour I didn't see a spa or a hot tub either. --The restaurants are overpriced. My girlfriend and I at the "Chi Bar" and the drinks were about 12 bucks for a Mojito. I got a screwdriver with the house vodka for 10 bucks. Huh? The drinks at the top of the Hancock Tower, where at least the view is remarkable was only a dollar more per drink. For a small glass of orange juice and smirnoff vodka 10 bucks just ain't right. --The hotel room itself was tiny tiny tiny. Evidently our company footed the bill on the room, so we didn't care too much about the 300 dollar price tag, but the room was not very big at all. --the TV gives you about 24 channels. Ok, whatever, but the annoying thing is that if you turn the tv off then turn it back on, the channel is switched to the continuous Sheraton informercial, which is a peeve. --Another small charge: starbucks coffee cups and a small coffee maker are on the desk next to the bed, far away from the mini bar. However, these cups of coffee cost 3 bucks a piece. Is ANYTHING included in the 300 dollar hotel tag? What will Sheraton do in the future, charge us each time they clean the sheets? My god. --Another thing: it is cheaper to take a taxis than the hotel shuttle. Yup, they charge for that as well. They want you so bad that they charge you 27 bucks each way to ride in a van with uncomfortable seats crowded with other suits. The van concierge actually told me and my girlfriend to take a taxi, and not their own hotel service, and for that he did us a big favor. To recap: at Sheraton, everything has a price tag, and if you can waste money, then this place will gobble it up. However, if you want a luxury hotel room, then don't go here. Your 300 dollars will not give you anything more than a bed to sleep on. So basically, the experience that you get as a customer at this not fine establishment is that they are out to make the quick buck on you, not to provide you with comfort. Hidden fees and charges are not cool, and a 300 dollar price tag needs to include more than a bed and sheets. I have been to model 6's with more service.
