I always heard good things about this place, but when I walked by I always saw a sea of blue blazers and North Face fleece and was turned off right away. Now, I could complain about the death of the artistic side in Wicker Park, but people do that all the time. Someone has to shop, buy stuff, and work in Banking and what have you to purchase art, music, etc., so, this is all I am going to say. So why go in? Well, a friend of mine suggested it and promised me that I would love the pizza, and love the beer, and have a good time, so I went on a packed pre-Thanksgiving Monday night and realized that the crowd was a true mix of what Wicker Park is now rather than what it was in say 1993 (I lived here then and remember it). So, it truly is a neighborhood spot - serving the whole neighborhood. The corporate Big 10 graduate set as well as the (also probably Big 10 graduate) hipster, artist, writer, and what have you set. The beer: great stuff. We sampled the "camel toe" which packed a 9% punch and was a great beer (not just for the kick it packed). The other beers were well prepared. They do beer well here - very well. The pizza: We went for a white pizza with spinach and goat cheese. It was freaking amazing. We asked for it "well done" which they did, and in fact the kitchen guy brought out the pizza to ask us if it was the way we wanted it. How freaking cool is that? The verdict: Super place! While I am also a graduate of, gasp, two Big 10 schools, I must say that I have been guilty of judging a book by its cover. Sure, there is a frat boy and sorority girl sweetheart clientele here, but it is a nice crowd and the servers are professional, nice, have lots of body ink, and serve some amazing pizza and beer. They have a Sunday night special too - large pizza and a growler full of beer for, I think, $20 --- take out only. I think I will finally break down and get myself a North Face jacket or dust off the blue blaser if there is some special deal for pizza here if I wear one-- is there? Seriously, is there? :)
