I moved into the neighborhood about a year ago and my roommates and I have been telling ourselves to have dinner here. We finally coordinated a time for dinner and made a reservation (though it didn't seem necessary for a weekday dinner at 7:30pm). To start, I ordered a white wine...but she brought a red. I said I thought it was a white wine and she questioned me. All the white wines are listed on one page separate from the reds so I'm not really sure where the confusion was (because I also pointed as I ordered to make sure she understood me...there seemed to be a little communication barrier). Turns out they didn't have what I wanted anyways so I ordered the honey wine (to which she brought ANOTHER red...more communication barrier...she repeated my order to confirm, I thought she repeated what I had said...turns out she said something else). I finally got the right one. Honey wine - good. interesting taste, but really really sweet. Wouldn't really recommend eating it with the meal because after eating some the food, the wine tasted even sweeter. Chef's recommendation for 4 - we didn't know what to order so we just ordered this. It was a great variety with 8 things total on the platter. beets and carrots - surprisingly good, I usually hate beets. This was more on the sweeter side red lentils - really good, one of my favorite of the vegetarian options Split yellow peas - not bad, not great spinach and onions - good, not a standout Lamb (not sure which one) - really good. One of my favorites. Beef (also not sure which one) - very flavorful Chicken (I think it's the chicken breast cubed one) - definitely my favorite! highly recommended Fish - forgetful, it was just ok, not a lot of flavor The bread that comes with is pretty interesting. Tastes like sourdough bread with the texture/consistency of a thick crepe kind of. Pros - good food, great location (for me!) Cons - nothing in particular minus the minor miscommunication at the beginning, but the service was still really good. I would probably go back again when someone visits me from out of town, but not likely to make this a regular dinner option.
