Some delicious, damn near food of the gods type food that haunts me day after day, beckoning me to support local farming or whore myself out to cheflebrityness or whatever I need to tell myself just to be able to wrap my mouth around another one of the best $10 (sometimes even - gulp - $12) sandwiches you might be able to get - scrumptiously marinated meats, flavor explosions of herbs and cooking techniques that take a long ass time, perfectly balanced flavors - basically, umami make you its bitch here. And I want that. But the fantastic food you will likely get here will cost you like a motherfucker, both in terms of the horrendous odysseanlike journey you may have to endure just to get the food into your fucking mouth and cost you like a motherfucker in terms of actually costing like a motherfucker - I once spent more than $35 on lunch here for myself and this place is a walk-up counter set up like a Chipotle, and yes - I am fat, too - but that is besides the point, being: the good shit is rarely cheap. And this is the good shit: damn near blessedly braised meats, baby Jesus breathed upon produce, whole cocoa beans to be crushed for you upon demand, Labriola bread (hold up - Labriola bread? Okay, that shit was delicious as hell, but is hardly all organicy and whatnot...whateves...) - there's even a little chalkboard up that explains where all of their food comes from - LOVE IT! Especially since if most restaurants in Chicago were to do the same, it would be boiled down to pretty much one word: SYSCO. [shudders] I could probably very happily eat here every day of my life (even tho I would have to develop an elaborate downtown panhandling scheme in order to be able to afford it...) Carnitas soup? Fucking great - potato masa dumplings, hominy, carnitas and cold avocado. Ahogada - suculent meat, pickled onions, perfectly crusty bread phallically jutting out of an expertly made spicy tomato brothy soup - so fucking food porny great that you should probably be at least 18 years old to even order it. The mushroom sandwich? SHUT THE FUCK UP! Soooo good, seriously, don't sleep on it because it's a vegetarian option, because it is really one of the best things on the menu - creamy goat cheese, mack ass mushrooms, fantastic salsa - I could easily make this sandwich, but it would take me the better part of the day. Look for the specials and limited time items, because you might end up eating something that won't ever come out again. And they're super in to soft serve right now, which I think is a little -eh - but if you see ice cream? GET IT - I've had the blueberry tequila and the chocolate Modelo - they were both grrrrreat. And the churros and dipping chocolate sauce? Duuuuuuude....... But.... This place also has A LOT of fucking problems. The layout and flow of this place is horrible. Seriously bad. So incredibly bad that it is very difficult to believe that someone could have been paid to conceive of this space - bathrooms in the middle of the tiny, cramped dining room, kitchen space oddly tucked in a corner, odd combination of paying up front and then having the people find you with the food, super cheap feeling tables and chairs, having to be seated even though you walk up and order - it's cramped, loud, chaotic and nobody, seems to know what the hell to do to make the food-getting happen quickly - employees and customers included. How bad is it? Fifty percent of the times that I've come here, I've ended up leaving and not staying to eat. And every single time I've been there, the rules and procedures for ordering and seating have been totally different. There are just waaay too many kinks and changes for a new restaurant brought to you by someone who is already a successful restaurateur. But even with that, the food is good as hell - and I've never even seen an episode of Top Chef. They even pop off gourmety and super complicated cupcakes on occasion, clearly tapping into my psyche. And if you're a fame whore, you'll be delighted to know that you stand a pretty decent chance of seeing Rick Bayless actually in there (but usually Twittering, not really cooking). In conclusion? It's the ultimate clusterfuck that will yield some of the best food you've ever put in your mouth - like a dude who's only ONLY good quality is that he's good in bed, but he's really, really, really good....you understand what I mean, right?...shit, okay, neverymind.... I'm developing a somewhat serious XOCO addiction and I'm a glutton for punishment in the form of working really hard just to eat a fucking sandwich - you may or may not be similarly inclined. Just try your damndest to go during offtimes and bring as much money and patience as you can. PS - 4-5:30ish on weekdays is the unofficial people with kids and strollers time, as we all desperately bum rush the place. And you don't get to complain about it either, so just go an hour later if that makes you all whiny.
