It might be because I arrived close to closing, but I barely had to wait to be seated here, even though it was a Friday. I arrived with my girlfriend for a late dinner around 10pm. I was told that there would be a 30 minute wait, but 10 minutes later, I was informed that a table had opened up. The decor is nice and warm. The crowd density is what you'd expect from a restaurant by a famed chef who has been on television. It was very crowded, even at this late hour, and quite noisy. If you're looking to grab a bite and have some peace and quiet, you might want to hold out and get a table at Topolobampo, which is right through a curtained door, but has a more intimate dining experience. However, if you're like me and just wanted some good food, stay put. I ordered two small plates, Taquitos de Pollo and another dish that I forget the name of. My girlfriend had the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano and Tamal de Mole Amarillo. My two dishes arrived within a few minutes, but it was easily a half-hour before the other two items arrived. That changed our eating plans--we were originally just going to eat what we ordered, but ended up splitting the whole meal down the middle, since we were getting hungry waiting. The food, however, did not disappoint! Great, fresh tasting food came to the table, and was always presented with a smile, which must be difficult in a room full of tables set 2-3 feet apart. I would have given just about any other restaurant 3 stars for the wait, but understanding that this place is much talked about and therefore prone to crowding and delay, I'm giving Frontera the benefit of the doubt. All the dishes were flavorful, and needed no further seasoning. The mole on the enchiladas was a bit strong, but the black beans that accompanied it really helped offset the flavor. A bit of people watching (meal watching, rather) showed me how tasty everything looked: the presentation was executed just as well as the actual quality of the food. That's not easy to find for a decent price.
