So we're on the way to dinner, in a cab driven by a possessed Jamaican, and my partner says, this place we're going to, they like to play metal and rap, so be prepared. I look at him and say great, my 2 least favorite genres, ok, and I must confess I get a bit sulky. I haven't read up on Schwa at this point so I'm ignorant of the pleasures that lie ahead.  The harrowing cab ride ends in a questionable but funky neighborhood, we get out and walk half a block to this deserted-looking, dark building, and pull open the black screen door. I look around, asking my companion if he's sure this is the place? it seems deserted. Once we get inside, however, nothing much changes, it's still dark but not deserted; we're met by a young guy in a plaid shirt who motions to a 2 seater and says, how bout there? We hand him the IPA beer we've brought for the staff, and our own wine, and he's super appreciative. I think to myself, maybe I should have brought him something more herbal, judging from the appearance of all the staff there and the general vibe. However, we sit and listen to the music and our evening begins. As I'm sure everyone knows by now, the kitchen is cramped, the staff is intense and perhaps more than a little under some influence, the food heavenly or better.  I can't stop thinking about that whole evening, and i get really infuriated at the people who had their reservations cancelled and feel compelled to write hateful things; just keep trying, my partner tried and tried and he had a plan B in case our reservation got cancelled but it didn't and we got to eat there and even though it kind of looks and feels like my stoner kids are cooking and serving, the food couldn't be better and I'd go there again in a heartbeat. S'mores: short ribs that are nestled over real smoke, and have marshmallows in there, sound awful and taste divine; the amuse bouche of a cherry-covered chocolate, mmm i'd love to try tying that stem into a knot again; baked potato bar deconstructed into a delectable dish, the chicken liver risotto that caused my mouth to have an O; truffle ravioli...I can't even think of everything we ate but it was all just wondrous. When I ventured through the tiny kitchen to the bathroom and Michael asked me, what was your LEAST favorite dish, I stammered out something about Michelin stars and not having a least favorite because I really hadn't, not there, not that night. I hope they forgive my stammering because I was just in love, that's all.
