Good, not great. My girlfriend and I dined last night at Davanti for the first time, based a friend's recommendation and Yelp's. I'm pleased to say that the atmosphere / vibe of this place is wonderful, and our server was attentive and pleasant. I just thought the food didn't live up to the high expectations. My friend told me that I absolutely had to order the seared octopus... unfortunately upon taking our orders, the waitress informed me that they were all out, "because it is so delicious." Damn, it sucked that they were out of octopus, but don't twist the knife by immediately following the bad news with telling me how delicious it is!! The ricotta & honeycomb appetizer was great - no doubt order it if you're there. It's creamy, sweet, cheese-y, honey, delicious. Definitely the highlight of the meal. Unfortunately it was the first thing to come out! The olives were tasty and warm - perfectly fine for what they were. We also ordered the Focaccia di Recco based on the waitress's recommendation - and I was highly disappointed. My date really enjoyed it; I thought it was a glorified crab rangoon (minus the crab) and tasted just like a toasted plain bagel & cream cheese. The menu states it has "fresh soft cow cheese." What does that mean, exactly? Isn't 90+% of cheese cow cheese? It tasted like Philly cream cheese to me. This dish is worth $8. Not $15. The pizzas are between $9-$12, and this thing is $15?! Change the price please. Anyway, our final dishes were the crispy pork belly and the stewed calamari. The latter was fine, I just didn't love the flavors... however the pork belly was definitely more than crispy. I felt it was overcooked by a significant margin, leaving it dry and flavorless; they did give an 'apple mostarda' to spread on the pork, however it was too thick to spread evenly. Most of it stayed in the bowl. (Interjection: hat's up with the wine prices? They say they're "retail wine pricing," but as a previous reviewer stated, who is going into Davanti and paying $88 for a bottle of Veuve? Something's definitely off about that ... and then an additional corkage fee of $7 per bottle??) So there you have it - great atmosphere, great service, prices were decent, but not as cheap as some may imply (our bill was $106 for 2 after tip & tax, we each had 2 drinks). And the food is kind of hit or miss. There are probably some stars on the menu, however with many items, it's hard to guess which will be good and which won't. I probably wouldn't dine here again.
