A tasty place to have a delicious brunch. I went here with friends before 9 on a Saturday morning, and were seated promptly. The menu is heavier on the "br" side of brunch, with a strong variety of crepes, omelettes, skillets, specialty pancakes and french toast. The lunch side brings salads, burgers, and sandwiches to the table. I had a delicious omelette, which I had with the side of fruit. It's not really a side of fruit, more like an idea of a side of fruit. (one pineapple chunk, one small cantaloupe slice, one small honey dew slice, one piece of watermelon and three slices from a small oranage). The nice surprise was being able to upgrade your side of pancakes to one of the specialty pancakes for $1.50. They have fresh squeezed juices (strawberry-orange, orange, and grapefruit). I had the orange juice which wasn't bad at all. I also enjoyed their coffee which I was able to enjoy without having to add any cream. The service was adequate, but nothing special. My coffee did not get refilled as quickly or as frequently as it could have been, considering that things weren't quite busy at the time. The room itself is nice, open and airy due to its higher ceilings. The blue and yellow motif combined with the light it gets from its eastern exposure makes it quite relaxing when the sun is out. For those people that are fans of kitchen watching, the kitchen is situated in the center, so you can watch orders go through their final preparatory stages before they are sent out. Street parking wasn't a problem today, but will likely be more of an annoyance once the weather gets consistently nicer. There was a note in the window that said that they would validate parking for $5 for up to 90 minutes, which isn't a bad deal at all for this neighborhood. If you are not a fan of having brunch around little kids or babies that emit loud screeching noises, keep in the mind that many local residents can easily walk over here with their young ones. I'll update this review as I try more items on the menu.
