Just thought I'd balance this out a bit. I had a bad experience at the Bad Apple. I'm not sure exactly when it opened, but they definitely have some kinks to work out. I was apprehensive to go in the first place, since the logo is so terrible, but a friend said it was good. I'll get the positives out of the way up front: nice space/decor, great/unique menu (kind of wanted to order everything), good beer list and good fries (only good thing I consumed). My friend Jen and I sat down and a waitress brought menus immediately. Then, no one came back to get our drink orders. The waitress FINALLY came over (maybe 20 minutes later?) when I gave her "the face" and she was, like, "has no one helped you yet?! I'm SOOOO sorry." The bartender / manager-seeming dude was waiting on all the other tables in our area, so I don't think this was her fault, I think it was his. Anyway, we order beers and burgers. We both order our burgers Medium. It takes awhile to get our beers and the waitress comes over and says they'll be right up - something about the heads on the beer, maybe about the taps or something (I have bad hearing). When she brings the beers back, they are each 1/3 foam. The foam settles and we have only 2/3rds a beer each (and we ordered different beers - not the kind that would typically have a huge head or anything). Not sure if she was rushing them b/c we waited but I'd rather wait another 5 minutes and have a full beer, thanks. Oh, and mine wasn't as cold as I would have wanted it (it was a weiss type beer). We get our burgers and they are completely un-evenly cooked and WAY rare. The middle was, like, fresh out of the meat-grinder raw. But we were both starving, so we ate them.  My toppings were good (I ordered the Slow Burn) and the fries were really good. Had the burger been cooked properly, it would have been a good meal. Jen subbed a salad for her fries and liked it a lot (and she ordered a side of mayo for her burger which they forgot). So, okay. Blah, blah. Not a great experience. But here's the kicker: the bartender / managery guy comes over and asks how the food was (I think he might have heard me crack a joke). We tell him that the burgers weren't cooked well enough (we don't even mention the beers - we aren't very confrontational). He asks how we asked for it to be cooked. We tell him Medium. He's like "oh, well, if it were up to our chef, he'd serve them cold because it's good meat." And Jen says, "Well, it was pretty much raw." And he continues to defend the meat and the chef's stance. Like, I get that it's good meat. Okay. But if I order it Medium, I expect it Medium. It was rare and an un-evenly cooked Rare. The chef can't decide to cook it however he wants, there's a standard. They can suggest on the menu that you order it Rare, but not cook it however they want. We could have sent it back but we were starving and had waited so long already (plus, the edges were cooked - I didn't notice the middle until I had eaten a bunch of it). Oh, and the lighting is red- so it was hard to tell that the burger was red. Anyway, I doubt I'd go again. The kicker was the guy telling me what kind of burger the chef wants me to eat.
