OH how excited was i when i found out that my favorite masterchef judge's restaurant is in my city, that it's received a michelin star, and fulfills my popcorn obsession?! are these terrible reasons to choose a restaurant? possibly but they didn't lead me astray. let me preface my review with the fact that everything was fresh, beautifully plated, and perfectly cooked, but never AMAZING. we started with cocktails (my guy's came with a small bug it - completely unacceptable for a restaurant of this caliber, understandable however, and appropriately treated [i.e. a new drink within minutes and comped]). inventive and delicious!  looking through the menu, the options were explained to us - a la carte (recommending one hot and one cold appetizer and one entree per person) or a tasting/experience/entiredeal. also, it is recommended that whatever you choose your dining companion chooses as well for timing purposes. having had spied on yelp photos and seeing the tasting size portions versus a la cart portions, along with the fact that i'm a pescitarian, made the choice extremely easy. we didn't leave hungry, that's for sure. cold: tomato panzanella. surprisingly delicious despite the simpleness of the dish, served with red wine gelatin squares of sorts, which were more of an entertaining aspect of the dish, rather than adding any sort of positive flavor to the dish. (my guy enjoyed the wagyu tartare) hot: corn bisque. fun presentation and experience, however WAY too sweet. i don't know if it was an off night or what, but i couldn't finish mine it was so sweet - note that this is coming from a girl who can eat frosting straight up. entree: whitefish. could have used a bit more seasoning. something about the textures of the dish as a whole threw me off a bit. (my guy really enjoyed the bison) dinner: flourless chocolate. no complaints, just delicious. well now that this has turned into a novel, i might as give my final thoughts: we had a reservation for 2 (note, if you don't show it's gonna cost you 50 dollars per person - through open table, at least) and the dining room where patrons were being seated only had tables for 4 or more, not the most romantic and honestly a downer since we were so excited for this. service shined in spots and not in others and our waiter was good but i don't think deserving of a 20% tip of our fairly large bill. and for god's sake, change your website because i was dying to try the risotto served with cheez-its!
