They had me with the pickles and chips. Hands-down the best pickles that have ever passed my lips. THE BEST. The housemade potato chips are damn addictive too. How was the rest of the food? Well, very good, but it's the pickles that have me salivating over a week later. It was a feast. Those exquisite pickles and fantastic potato chips to start. An order of bacon cheddar hush puppies, a bit pedestrian but greatly enhanced by the spicy dipping sauce. Then the main courses--for me, a half slab of baby back ribs and pulled brisket. The ribs were huge sticks of near-perfect meat. The brisket was a weaker option but paired brilliantly with their mustard sauce, one of the best examples that I've found of this too-rare barbecue sauce option. Sides, you say? How about an enormous pile of creamy, tangy cole slaw? Jazz that up with a few twists of black pepper, and enjoy. A little crock of bubbling macaroni and cheese may not be the best you've had, but will match up well with the orgy of meat on the table. Dessert? Of course. Milk and cookies, my friends. Milk. And. Cookies. That's one oatmeal and candied bacon--superb as just an oatmeal cookie; one s'mores--dry and not as sweet as you'd think, but with a delightful drizzle of melted marshmallow; and one double chocolate-chip--a gooey, fantastic mess of an outstanding cookie. Glorious. All that wonderful food (and a couple of solid cocktails) was served and whisked away by a legion of staff who have mastered the art of being helpful and attentive without smothering. They were kind enough to seat our group without our missing member. As the night wore on and our friend never showed up, the waiter was kind enough not to mention him and never rushed us to order. I also appreciated that he offered a taste of the cole slaw upon my request for a description. Those are the little touches that elevate a dining experience. Between the service and the food, I will surely be back. In the meantime, I have to find out if they sell those pickles by the jar.
