After seeing Chef Bayless on the Internet, on the shelves of numerous cookbook sections, and even on Top Chef Masters, it was no surprise that the Chicagoan connoisseur of Mexican cuisine had a multitude of thriving restaurants in the city; all of which seem to be household names in the Yelp universe. As with any restaurant under the "professional chef franchise", I had high expectations for Xoco. After having bad experiences with some of the more pretentious establishments in the restaurant business, I was looking for the place where the food spoke for itself without marketing the IDEA of dining there - and I am glad to say that without a doubt, Xoco met this criterion. Walking into Xoco feels like entering a high class Chipotle: the line, the order-at-the-counter system, noise level, etc. But this is no fast food restaurant; after looking at the menu, any doubts I had about this place were repressed. For the most part, the menu is divided into two large categories: tortas (sandwiches) and caldo (soup). I ordered the Pepito torta, which is short ribs braised into the consistency of butter along with sauteed onions and pepperjack cheese between two pieces of french bread. To drink, I had the Agua del Da, which is the Chef's pick for drink of the day, usually fruit juice (non-alcoholic). To top off the meal, a few churros with their thick dipping chocolate is mandatory. The torta was incredible; the beef was tender and juicy and cooked to perfection. To compliment the torta, the Prickly Pear Agua del Da was refreshing and tangy. It was my ideal meal after walking ten blocks on a hot day to find the restaurant. The churro dessert is as fantastic as anyone can imagine; crunchy on the outside, fluffy and buttery on the inside, and dipped in the rich Mexican chocolate. It all slides down your throat in perfect, sublime harmony. Everything you could possibly want. So there it is; Xoco is now one of my coveted gems worthy of five stars, thanks to my serendipitous first experience. A no BS place worth standing in line for. And be sure to bring your camera; you never know when the chef may pop in for a visit.
