Things we noticed: I recently took my fiance here for his birthday. This was the second time was had a meal at Geja's; the first time was in 2007. I give this place credit, staying in business for 40 years serving fondue is impressive. However the food is nothing to write home about. While the atmosphere is nice it could use some improvements. I hate to sound so nit-picky but one thing he and I noticed were the chairs..banquet hall chairs. I think covers would make the place even fancier. Dress code is another big thing I really think Geja's should highly recommend for its customers. We have eaten at nice establishments such as MK (on Franklin) and people dress very well. I noticed that many people just had jeans and t-shirts on. The meal: The meal starts off with a cheese fondue along with bread, apple and grapes. I know that the bread needs to be a harder bread for it to work well being on the fondue fork, but their bread was like croutons. We ordered the seafood meal and vegetarian meal (for me). I was kind of surprised when me veggies came out and it consisted of broccoli, onion, potato, peppers, and cauliflower. You are not given dipping options...you dip your meal in oil-that is all. The dipping sauces were just blah. The wine was great! Dessert was okay once again. You dip pound cake, fruit and marshmallows in chocolate sauce. They should give you more options with the meal. I would have loved the dessert if they would just just have fruit to dip into the sauce. I would have loved the meal if they would incorporate tofu or some other veggie meat with the vegetarian meal...and I would have loved to dip my veggies in seasoned veggie broth other than oil. Give people options! While I don't like milk chocolate fondue have that as an option for the dessert. While the cheese fondue was excellent- give people more options- different cheeses. The service: Our server was fantastic. She was very knowledgeable! She helped us pick out a great wine and was great about answering questions. I used a coupon and the bill still came out to be $130 with the tip...pricey for a meal that was just ok. I am not one to enjoy corporate places (as I prefer to support smaller local businesses) but I think if we get fondue again it will be at the Melting Pot. Sorry Geja's, you have wonderful staff but I think a little revamp on your menu and a slight change in the atmosphere would help you out very much.
