We got a great deal on this hotel through Hotwire. We were headed to the Shakespeare play and wanted to enjoy a stroll.  Our room was in the new section of the hotel so it missed all of the ambiance that we had heard about from others It was a nice room with soft sheets and lots of pillows and a decent slice of view of the lake.  My husband and I discussed why we would not rate it higher. It was lack of customer service. A bit of a wait at check-in but not horrible. Okay we can get past that but here is what is missing...detail.  We valet check the car and have a great guy, super friendly, chatting with us but no detail on how to get the car. My husband had called about the valet service for the car but were not told that it was going to be $54 for the night which seems a bit pricey but. When we checked in we questioned where is the fitness center and got the info but again no detail on the fact that there is a fee. Truthfully we felt sorry for the Fitness Center staff person because she caught the grief of numerous people who were surprised that there was a fee...just bad customer service. Yes, the gorgeous pool is free and that is a bonus. We check the suitcase after we check out and get the warm fuzzies from the bell stand and were assured that we would be taken care of but when we get the suit case we are surprised tht the car was downstairs and spent awhile waiting downstairs for it...seemed like they could have had it all set up without wasting our time.  The $7.00 fee for the Evian bottle and the $14.00 fee for the internet and all of the pricey bar stuff were laughable.  Eno the wine/cheese bar is a four star. The staff person was spectacular. She really knew so much detail about the wine and cheese and helped us make a great choice on the wine and the cheese. The Zest menu for brunch was not memorable. Yes, the food was okay and the service was great but it's Chicago and we expected a lot more. However, the old tower has some beautiful views and architecture. So grab a glass of wine and wander...
