I was sooooo deterred knowing that this was a Rick Bayless restaurant since his resto Red O in LA SUCKED. I mean it was bland, expensive, and didn't do it for me. I came here because my bf is a huge fan of his and only agreed to come to Chicago to dine here. Reservations: Plan in advance. I tried to get a rez a week ahead and nothing was available on the weekend.  Take your chances: We said screw it and walked straight to Frontera Grill from the hotel right when we settled in after we landed. We were prepared to wait an hour+ but when I asked for a table they had one at the chef bar for 2. Perfect! We were lucky! Environment and vibe: Very casual and the staff are very personable. Made you feel very welcome and they would give honest opinions on what will taste best and with what.  For example I ordered a cocktail but my ribeye dish was coming soon. Our waiter told me to get a glass of pinot noir bc I was eating red meat. The glass of wine was cheaper too so he definitely was looking out for my best interest at heart than a fat tip. Food: Trio sample ceviche - all three were different and served in mini martini glasses with a tray of chips. I would say this one was average bc 1 was pretty good, the other alright then the 3rd one was too sweet.  Ceviche verde de jurel (yellowtail) - now THIS ceviche was really good. Very flavorful with lots of citrus & cilantro flavors. Carne asada a la oaxaquena (ribeye) - THIS is the dish you MUST order! The ribeye steak is perfectly marinated and then fried/broiled. I was in heaven eating this. The plaintain with that white sauce and mild white crumbled cheese (I think that's what it was) was so good too. It had a scoop of guacamole and I would eat the steak with it... and a touch of the habanero sauce that we requested to have that true Mexican taste. It was the YUMS! Falda asada brava (slices of skirt steak) - I thought this steak was ok because it's bland compared to the ribeye however the sweet corn tamale was DELISH! I actually never had a tamale before and was told that I am pretty much ruined for all tamales after this one.  From Red "NO" to Frontera Grill my view towards Rick Bayless has completely changed. Thank god we were able to eat here. The bf is a happy camper. :)
