Despite an absurd wait, having our party of 8 split into two, traveling to the far flung reaches of Logan Square: Longman & Eagle was one of the very best food experiences I've had in a long time. The drinks were creative (bourbon and whiskey heavy) - a bourbon "mint julep" was complex and delicious. We kicked things off waiting at the bar with some house marinated olives (good, very tart) and the cheese plate. The cheese plate was good, but the portion was a little sad. About an hour and a half later (yes, the wait was that long) we finally got seated and got down to business. The apps: We ordered the compressed melon salad- surprisingly flavorful, balanced and beautiful to look at it. A rabbit pate followed (it was wrapped with a bit of bacon, no need to say more), prawns and grits (the sauce threw it over the edge) was somehow miraculously balanced. Sometimes prawns taste you got them long john silvers, but these were excellent. The Tete du Chochon (yes, pigs head, amazing), the overall effect was that of a dried, salty pulled pork, with a poached egg on top. Overall, the appetizers and small plates were very rich, full of flavor and beautifully presented.  The main event: I had the Porchetta with a sweet corn (and bacon) risotto and smoked paprika oil. The presentation was nice, the portion appropriate, the porchetta was flavorful, fall apart with a fork tender. However, what really made it special was that smoked paprika oil. I'm not 100% sure what it is, where to get it or how to make it, but of this I am convinced: I need more of it in my life.  My partners in crime had the Seared Tuna; the Flank steak; and the butter-explosion that was the Burger. In every case, the dishes showed finesse, great balance, and something special. Since things were going so well, we couldn't help ourselves and got dessert: the Terrine of Madagascar chocolate (or whatever) - was the first disappointment of the night. Sadly, it felt a little uninspired, something I could probably get a great Mexican bakery. Not bad, mind you, just by no means exceptional.  Meanwhile, the Charred Olive Pound Cake with warm blue berry compote was a revelation. Not just a Mario Battali style cake with olive oil in it--this was green, almost salty, really.. well, olive oil-y. The combination was superb.  The bill.  Well, four people, four apps, four entrees, 2 desserts, and probably 6-8 drinks later... it wasn't exactly cheap, but it did feel like a good value for the quality of the food. All this to say: come hungry, be prepared to wait, and then gorge- it's really worth it.
