So I was there for a friend's B-day on Sunday afternoon. It was a big group of about 12 or so. We got there just before 7 and there were a few other friends there already. It was a good experience overall with a few things that could've been better. For the apps. we ordered calamari, soy, goat cheese and ropa vieja empanada, and croquetas. The only thing that I really enjoyed from the apps. were the soy empanadas everything else left a lot to wish for. I had really high expectation for the goat cheese empanadas but they failed me. They were not as flavorful as I had expected at all being (being goat cheese you expect big flavor). Plus they were not cold nor hot (not even evenly warm for that matter) The calamari was on the small side (potion and calamari itself) a little underdone if you asked me. And yes i know you don't want to over cook calamari "cause it gets tough but underdone is just as bad. The main dishes were really good (at least everything I tried) Churrasco was cooked to perfection and with the sauce (chimichurri if I'm not mistaken) on top even better. I had the ropa vieja dish and it was very good from the perfectly cooked shredded meat with the bell peppers to the sides which were white rice and black beans (love black beans). I also got to try the grilled vegetable and the steak guajirito sandwich. The grilled veggies were ridiculously good specially the portobello mushroom. The sandwich was good as well but with it came the most amazing yuca fries i have ever had. This fries will make you doubt any other yuca fries. It is BYOB and that was on big factor in deciding to come here. We brought a few bottles of wine and they fixed some good sangria for us. And even though the quality of the wine is not up to them this at least speaks about their service. We were happy with the service they were there when needed and still gave room to have a good time. One huge complaint though. Cold weather and me are like the worst enemies ever and it was cold in there (really cold) It got to the point that few of us had to put jackets on. 90MCC go for the entrees, avoid the apps and bring your jacket if in winter
