.....so for dessert, my very debonair friend from Madrid says to the server ---- in his very thick Castilian accent ---- "I'll have a Scotch with a vi-NEE-ya ice cream ..." What comes back is a gooey, warm Scotch caramel sauce floating lazily atop creamy, milky, vanilla ice cream. I could tell that's not what my friend had in mind. As he sat and stared quizzically at what he deemed to be a weird interpretation of his request, the server knew immediately that this clearly wasn't what was "ordered."  "Ahhhhhhhh," the Greek waiter turns to my friend and continues, "I can tell by your accent that you're from Spain and I know just the thing you [want]..." (You had to be there to get the full picture--it was as though the waiter magically turned into a genie, knowing exactly what to do next). And what he comes back with is a great big bowl of three perfectly formed "balls" (it's the only word that fit here!) of vanilla ice cream with a shot--make that two--of Scotch (as in the liquor). My friend, as if performing a ritual before dancing flamenco, carefully and with much fanfare, pours the Scotch on the ice cream. Watching the ice cream fall apart ... melting, turning a warm, cashmere beige color, is a sight I'll always remember ... (a little dramatic, but if any of you knows someone who is Spanish and has lived all his/her life in Spain ... well ... I rest my case). This is what I love most about Greek Islands--More than just food, it's a cultural experience. It's no problem if you'd like to order something that is not on the menu. If it's in the kitchen, they'll make it for you. To say that it's lively is putting it mildly, and whether you like it or not, someone next to your table will feel the need to ask you what you are eating, especially if you order the grilled-to-perfection octopus still, it seems, "swimming"--only in olive oil.     ...or the Taramosalata--a wonderful, tapioca-like-consistency of fish roe made mostly of cod and mixed to perfection with potato, lemon juice vinegar and olive oil. It's pink--yes--the color varies in shade depending on the type of roe used. That--and the Greek-style, thick-sliced sesame crusted bread and I'm dancing with the gods.   ---Waiters running around with flaming cheese yelling "Opa" ... patrons speaking in different languages ... young as well as old(er) folks ... couples, families, hotties and the like ... all enjoying classic, authentic Greek cuisine. I only have one "warning" though, which is pretty ironic given the cultural and ethnic climate of the place: Do NOT confuse Greek coffee with Turkish - "them's" can be fighting words ... :) Drinks for everyone! Opa!
