What could follow up an evening trip to Topolobampo? Why going to try XOCO less than twelve hours later, of course. I accompanied two of my dining companions from Topolo the previous evening. We waited a little less than an hour to get through the line and to the counter, but we were treated to the fantastic smell of chocolate and the wood-burning oven and the sight of Chef Bayless himself working while we waited in line. XOCO is a bright space with lively colors and lots of windows. It has a distinctly relaxed flavor, and if it were not for the well-trained staff and decadent smells it looks like it would fit in well on Seven on State or some other high-end food court. And that certainly isn't a bad thing. We placed our order, collected our number and were seated at a counter near the back of the restaurant. We had some cinnamon churros (very good) and fresh chips and guacamole (also very good) while we waited for our Tortas to come out. We shared the Ahodaga (pork carnitas), Choriqueso, Wild Mushroom and Pepito (shortribs) tortas. The tortas were all visually appealing--slightly charred breads that were halved to give you a look at what is inside, all served in a basket. The Choriqueso was the lowlight. I wouldn't've thought so, but it seems like there is an amount of chorizo that is a little too much chorizo. The Pepito was like an extraordinary refined cheesesteak--tender onions and peppers mixed with beef and cheese all in this chewy, slightly crunchy bread. You can taste the woodfired grill in the mix, which all sort of oozes nicely together. The wild mushrooms were paired with just the right amount of goat cheese, and it was a simple, tasty combination. The Ahodaga was served in a bowl of very spicy red carnitias sauce--kind of like a Mexican French-dip. The sauce gave a nice warm glow, and the pork was exceptional. My favorite was the Ahodaga. My partners loved the Wild Mushroom and the Pepito, respectively. It was a fun, casual place and it's going to be on my list of favorites.
