Well, gotta play I was there before it was cool for a moment...Went in there about 10 (!) years ago, when the daytime bartender was Shirley who was about 70+ and moved about as slow as molasses in January but was the greatest bartender around there. We got pulled in by the jukebox that played almost scratch-free 45s for a dime (!). I mean, Archie Bell and the Drells doing Tighten Up?? C'mon! No back dining room then, two tiny rest rooms (mens and womens) on the main floor where the one is now (where you could hear EVERYTHING from the bar...ahem), and a few of the leftover patrons from when the bar was a hillbilly haven. But Michael and Louise turned it into a great bar with the best beer selection I had ever seen at that point in my drinking life. They had a TV in the corner of the back wall then, but only rarely did anyone watch it (sporting events primarily). But between the jukebox and the excellent musical tastes of the bartenders at the time, it was perfect. And I liked hearing his stories about traveling to Malta, his family's homeland, and his trips to discover new beer.Over the years it became more popular, but thankfully they haven't changed their basic premise: offering a wide selection of the best beers around for all budgets and now great food. I remember when a couple of guys stumbled in apres-Cubs game and asked for Genuine Draft or Miller Lite or something like that. I was expecting some sort of infuriated lesson on beer vs. swill from him in a Mr. French voice but he calmly explained their beer concept and made a couple of recommendations. They left happy.Yeah, it's crowded now and that has made me limit my visits (unless it's right after they open at 3 p.m. and it's pretty empty, I'd rather not fight for a seat at the bar). Gotta admit I'm anti-crowd. But I still stop in every once in a while just to try something new in beer (been there this long and still haven't tried everything), listen to some great music that I haven't heard in a bar 50 gazillion times (Gimme two steps my ass!) and occasionally snack on some great food.
