After being referred to Mercat for its beauty, I was excited about having dinner with my family and friends there.  The place is absolutely stunning and we were seated quickly, our reservations were for 6:30pm on a Wednesday night, things were going fine, however our waiter looked like he belonged in an episode of Entourage, beauty did not come with the brains! He was not very knowledgeable about the things on the menu, was vague about the menu in general, and we never heard about any specials of the night or suggestions on what to order, even when asked, he seemed very preoccupied by things going on around him and not at all focused on us. With eight of us there we decided to order two tapas each to start, with tapas ranging from $9-18 we thought that we would have plenty to start with and share. The bread that they served was topped with a tomato bruschetta was so sodium filled it was inedible, one of my dishes, the Arros con Morels tasted like a combination of soap and dirty dish water. When trying to ask for help or get our waiter, it was almost completely impossible. I had to get up to find someone to fill my water glass after waiting for 10 min with an empty one. As a group we decided not to waste anymore money on the over priced tapas and substandard service, we all agreed we were still hungry and thought of going to Harold's chicken Shack around the corner for some real food, however my sister who is a restaurant owner herself wanted to see if they could redeem themselves with dessert and coffee service, so she offered to treat us all to dessert. We ordered desserts and tried to order espresso and cappuccino, 'wouldn't ya know, a Spanish tapas place without an espresso machine! I asked the waiter what type of coffee they served, he came back and said he was unable to find out and did not know, so we ordered coffee, it was served cold and you could tell it had been sitting around a while. The desserts on the other hand were amazing, we had the Bread Pudding that was served in a filo shell and not your typical bread pudding, we also had the Chocolate Hazelnut dessert that was very good.  This did not redeem them from having a so-so meal and sub standard service, 18% tip was already added to the bill so our waiter, the cute and elusive one, got an undeserved $56 and it is unfortunate, but I would not recommend Mercat to anyone that I know. Its a pretty place in the beautiful Blackstone Hotel, but other than that . . . save your money, if you want good tapas and better service go to Cafe Iberico or Harold Chicken Shack !!!
