Wakamono... You walked in to my stomach, you left with my heart and yet I sit here with a big smile on my face. The raves I have heard from so many friends, (Brett D, Colleen C, Erin P to name a few), as well as this being the go to place for sushi for my girlfriend. Lofty goals my friend... lofty. Walking over we had no reservations, but we managed to score an outside table for our group of four. We had brought two bottles of wine, unfortunately since we were sitting outside, no BYOB for us. Sad face. However with their excellent fully stocked bar, the frown turned upside down. Our service was great right off the bat. Always attentive, always around when needed and patient with us as we tried to decide appetizers and our main dishes. We rolled on with our ordering, a smattering of three different starters and about two different rolls/sashimi for each of us. We started with the tempura chili calamari something I was felt slightly conflicted. The baked scallops in a lemon mayo sauce was great, the best of the three starters. The scallops were tender, the sauce was so good, the girls all asked that we keep the small bowl of sauce for their rolls later on, definitely a must try if Although the squid was well cooked, the accompanying sauce was more sticky sweet with a hint of heat then what I was hoping for more heat with a slight sweetness at the end. Good, but not great. The tuna avocado with won ton crisps was good, but something I see over and over again is the mayo based sauce, which was a little too much for me. I wish I could see this dish with some more soy based sauce as I have at other places. Although the mayo tends to bring and hold this dish together, I was hoping for a little different twist from Wakamono. Why? Because the rolls were twistedly awesome! That is all the complaining I have for them. The two rolls I had, the Godzilla roll was delicious and I was fending off chopsticks left and right. Really good flavor. Really great textures and certainly a mouthful of tastiness. You would think with the shrimp tempura, the crab, the wasabi, cream cheese and three other ingredients it would all be too much, (how they were able to roll it all together shows the skills the chefs have), but the over all flavor won me over. Then we look at the maki mexicano roll. Hmm Mexican and Japanese rolled in to one... I don't know... but I do know now it was making me roll around in heaven. Being a fan of cilantro, I was happy to see a plethora of it along with jalapenos, (aye caramaba!), along with some tasty yellowtail tuna, avocado and a sneaky hint of lime. Such a tasty unexpected combo. Loved it. I did try the simpler spicy tuna maki roll, flavorful but fairly balanced. The inside decor is low light, lovely with a splash of possible romance. The outdoor area, although right on the street, with plenty of foot and wheel traffic driving by, it was a great place to sit and have a great time with friends. I may have walked by this place many of times, but I will be walking in to this place a lot more from now on.
