Hype kills! So we visited this past Sunday after fighting between having dinner at Irazu and 90 Miles. It turned out to be an easy decision - Irazu is closed on Sundays. We made our way over to the Armitage location before it closed at 6. If you can imagine how a caf in Havana would look situated in an old houseboat, that would personify the dcor of 90 miles. The walls are wood paneled and painted eclectic colors and the walls are plastered with vintage Cuban newspapers. I can see how its small charm can captivate its patrons, just as old Havana is supposed to do. I'm a big believer that ambience can sway favorably or unfavorably your experience at a restaurant. Unfortunately, we had a packed Sunday schedule so we ordered dinner to go. We had the Bistec and Ropa Vieja dinners, guava and cheese and goat cheese empanadas, tostones and bread pudding. With a more objective perspective, we were able to focus solely on the food. The Bistec and Ropa Vieja dinners were decent but not standouts. If you read my reviews, you know three things. 1) I'm not a big steak person and if I am 2) I opt for Spanish/South American style thinly sliced cuts and 3) most importantly, seasoning, seasoning and more seasoning! The Bistec was lacking and the Ropa Vieja, although it had flavor, didn't blow me away. For a good thinly cut seasoned steak, try Las Tablas and for good Ropa Vieja, try Carnivale's amazing appetizer. Both dinners came with black beans, sweet plantains (maduros) and white rice. White rice!? This might just be my ignorance but I was expecting some version of Arroz con Gandules. Or Spanish rice? How about Uncle Ben's? Ok fine but I even googled it just to make sure Cubans have their own version of rice. From the search results, they do (please please please correct me if I'm wrong). Either way, the maduros were delicious and the white rice and black beans were standard. Regarding Tostones, I believe by themselves, they all taste the same; the vinegary sauce is what makes it stand out. In this case, the combination was normal; try Belly Shack or Borinquen for their Tostones. Unfortunately, the lady at the counter (who was either aloof or naturally uninviting) forgot to pack our empanadas so I can't review on those. Last and definitely not least, the bread pudding was utterly delicious. By itself, it is good but with the caramelized sugar (same as what they top Flan with), it was amazing. Overall, I have to give it a mediocre rating for now until I try out their sandwiches and caf con leche. The price came out to $35 which is reasonable for how much we ordered.
