It really pains me to have to give this review, because we so wanted to love Mastro's Chicago. We have a house in Scottsdale and are just down the street from the original Mastro's on Pinnacle Peak. My husband and I love all of the Mastro's in the Scottsdale area and can say, the best steaks and prime rib we have ever had were at those restaurants. Being from Chicago, we certainly never thought we would say that about a steakhouse in Arizona! We have taken my husband's niece to the Ocean Club when she came to visit last year and she agreed.That's why we were so excited to hear they were opening a Chicago restaurant.  So when, my husband's niece's birthday came around last week we decided to celebrate at Mastro's Chicago. There were 4 of us and we too were seated at the very first table as you enter the dining room. As another reviewer stated, this table just shouldn't exist. But it was what it was and we were there for the food. One of the specials was an Australian Wagyu rib eye which my husband and I decided to split since it was something we never had at any of the other Mastro's. Given the cut and the price ... $100, we were expecting something extraordinary. The birthday girl had the rack of lamb and her boyfriend had the bone-in rib eye.  In a word, the steaks were tasteless. They weren't bad, but they were no where near what we expected from Mastro's. I'm not referring to the seasoning either. A really good steak should have a flavor that can stand on it's own and the seasonings just enhance that flavor. Everyone at the table agreed and it is interesting to note that several other yelpers gave the same review. The manager asked us how things were and we gave our honest assessment. He said he had never heard that from anyone that had eaten at Scottsdale establishments and in fact, had heard the opposite. Obviously, he hasn't read all the yelp reviews. Couple of other things I need to comment on. The extremely hot plates actually made the meal unpleasant. First, it makes serving and eating the steaks at the proper doneness quite tricky. Secondly, it made the food so hot that we actually burned our mouths 15-20 minutes into the meal. None of us recalls the plates being that hot in Scottsdale. To our waiters credit, he over heard that we were celebrating a birthday and served a complimentary butter cake to our table which we all shared. However, he never gave us a dessert menu or ever asked us if we'd like to order any other dessert. Had he done so, we certainly would have. All I can say is that I hope they don't change anything at the Scottsdale locations. It would be a tragedy to have them end up like other chains that over expand and end up ruining the original product. Want to try the one in Las Vegas the next time we are there, but afraid to do so. If that disappoints too, it could end up being another very expensive experiment!
