Location = Grand Drinks = Grand Food = Bland Service = Slow and not attentive I don't know if it's because the past 2 nights we dined in swankier restaurants, but I was definitely not impressed with the food not the service. The decor was in my opinion very gaudy, but we can here on a recommendation of a friend after walking around the Magnificent Mile. We were seated in 5 minutes and the first thing I noticed were the HUGE portions and the fact that this was a Cheesecake Factory knock off. Nothing wrong with Cheesecake factory, or this type of restaurant but it was eerily wanting to be just like it (unless they are owned by the same company and that is why).  We asked our waiter about some of the appetizer options for a recommendation. They were all mostly deep fried, so i specifically asked if the calamari is lightly breaded or regularly (where it's mostly a lot). I have been told it is very lightly breaded and mostly cannot even taste the breading. OK so here you are thinking, I should have known better at such a place. I have had calamari that really just has a dusting of flour... anywho. It is drenched in breading. Had to take most of it off, after that it was fine. For dinner I ordered the salmon trio and asked for no mashed potatoes or rice, just veggies. My friend had a burger. My dish was really just ok as I felt the salmon was overdone and dry inside, and therefore was drenched in the sauces. The burger my friend had was huge but prepared well. They forgot to bring my veggies however, and when I asked for them the waiter seemed preoccupied and then brought me some luke warm boiled broccoli. No seasoning, nothing. For desert we ordered beignets, and those came with 3 sauces, chocolate, strawberry, and caramel. They were very good, however beware you must order well in advance as they are made fresh. And there were 8 HUGE beignets. Whether they were authentic I cannot attest to, as I have never been to New Orleans, but they tasted really good to me. Overall, I would not return to the restaurant.
