From our seat inside this swank little spot we thought we were about to travel back to Japan and feast on some of the best sushi Chicago had to offer. Japan is known for having these sweet little dimly lit minimalist eateries that make you feel like you are a celebrity when you sit down serving up the most tasty little plates and delicacies. WRONG. Don't let the ambiance of Coast in Bucktown fool you...that is unless you are okay with the worst excuse for Japanese food you could buy. Having eaten in Japan for 2 years, my husband and I feel we have a pretty good eye and palate for what should and should not be served in a Japanese restaurant. The maki sushi was tasteless. When having the salmon, crab and then the tuna there was absolutely no difference between them. Yes, the shoyu has a tendency to override the experience but there is a subtle quality to raw fish that is different from species to species. Was it really fish? Maybe not because it did not come with the Japanese accompaniment of fresh grated daikon, which is used to aid in the digestion of the fat and cleanse the palate. The rice layer was so thin, and even though there are different kinds of rolls, some calling for a lot of filling that makes you wonder how you will fit it in your mouth (futomaki), just straight up hosomaki had us wondering where the rest was. I guess we were just spoiled in Japan having these huge bites to contend with even when it was just plain hosomaki sushi. You'd look around while you're eating and see everyone with full cheeks. Seriously, the bento sushi at Whole Foods is better than what they are serving up at Coast, and most of those employees seem to be Korean. Who is making the sushi at Coast, really?  The miso soup had one tiny piece of tofu in it. Was this an insult or were they totally serious? Probably the biggest disappointment was the tempura. The batter should be bubbly and well coat the piece, made of a mix of flour, egg and water. Unless it is fried and served on a stick (kushiage), it should not be breaded or crumbly. The tempura at Coast is breaded and not the traditional yummy tempura batter that is lumpy and thick. Once you've had real tempura, this version is such a disappointment because there are small plates that this type of breading is called for, they are radically different and should be labeled as such. Also, the dipping sauce did not come again with the grated daikon, bummer. Our waiter seemed absolutely clueless as well when asked if we could get some. Daikon not at a Japanese restaurant...I'm confused. Lastly, and this isn't just Coast, but in Japan edamame is served as a snack with alcohol much like peanuts are here. As an appetizer, edamame would have any foreign traveler from Japan politely smiling but inside saying, "What have these American's done, this should not be served alongside gyoza, this is beer food!". If you have any suggestions on where to get some good sushi and real tempura, let us know. Tried Bob-san and Coast and with having been embarrassed bringing out of town Japanese guests to one and exploring the other on our own, anyone who knows what I'm talking about give me a holla on where to go.  -SS
