When a celebrity chef says "Go here" you go here! I am not a big fan of the "We do not take reservations" but it is a pretty big trend these days. The wife and I waited for a table for about 35-45 minutes outside on their little patio and enjoyed the nice weather, scenery, and their great beer selection. The staff was so friendly and accommodating to those waiting for a table. We took our seats eager to try as many things as we could since the menu was so delicious looking. As a point, the portions are fairly small so be prepared to order a few things, I actually like this style because you can affordably try many different things. The wife and I split 6 different dishes, and they go as followed: -Deep fried green olives stuffed with chorizo. We did not like this because everything just got lost in itself, it was all salt and little flavor, I expected a kick from the chorizo but could not taste it at all, however, it was only $5, so not that big of a deal. -Calamari and Israeli couscous. This dish was amazing; my only complaint is it wasn't never ending! There were a couple of bites that had too much salt stuck to it but as a whole the dish was great. It was a perfect blend of textures and the calamari was amazingly cooked. A total win for me. -Foie Gras. Now this was not real Foie gras, rather, it was more like a mouse but it was still delicious, and it was great with their accompanied fruit relish. I would order this over and over again. -Neck bone gravy/sauce. I was sooo excited for this but it was the biggest let down of the night. I think whoever was salting the dishes this night got a little too excited; this dish was almost inedible due to the sodium level. The fresh ricotta helped cut the saltiness a bit. The meaty neck pieces were good when stripped of the sauce; it was juicy and very tender. -Charcuterie and cheese platter. This dish was decent, however, in comparison to other local platters the purple pig is far behind in quantity and quality. Nothing amazing, but also nothing bad. The pork Agra Dulce was my favorite. -Sweetbreads. These sweetbreads were cooked perfectly and had an amazing breading; the biggest downside was the sauce that was served under it, complete salt lick. We had to remove the sweetbreads from the plate to salvage them; once we did that they were spot on! I was a little bummed because I wanted to try one of the more overrated dishes in the culinary world... Bone marrow, do not get me wrong, it is a good dish, however, as a Asian I have a hard time paying for something that previously you could get for free at the butcher. It has become a very trendy item in the foodie world which in turn increases the prices for a dish that should not just be glorified for its flavor but mostly for its sustainability and versatility. It is interesting to see the food of the "poor" become a coveted item for the higher-end restaurants. The peasant food has risen against its oppressor and is now king, I am excited for this since growing up eating mostly the things people would never eat, the downside is having to pay an arm and a leg for it... no pun intended. Long story short, they were not serving marrow this weekend. I really had to give this place 3 stars because it was A-OK, would I go back? Sure, would I give my first born up so I could come back, probably not..... Give this place a try and get several things, be careful though, it can add up, but be sure to try as much as you can, especially things you have never tried before, because you never know when you will find something that you have been missing your whole life!
