I've heard from around that this place is the place to get a Deep Dish in Chicago. Well I was in town for Lollapalooza with a friend. We stayed with my uncle for a day or so. I wanted to take full advantage of eating the cities recognized food. A Chi-Town dog, a Deep Dish, and an Italian Beefsteak. When I looked around for the right place to get this Deep Dish I searched everywhere you could imagine on the interwebz. One friend recommended I go visit Geno's East. I was a little skeptical because of all the other reviews pointing somewhere else. I have already had Connie's Pizza and I would've guessed my next destination was going to be Pizza Uno. Don't get me wrong. I enjoyed Connie's, it's just I didn't feel like it was the best. I rethought it and well, I'm glad I just went ahead and decided on Geno's East. My uncle took my cousin and I for the endeavor. Along the way I was able to catch some of the Chicago's beauty inside the city. Man, I love this city. Parking was a breeze. We parked about a block from the restaurant along the street. The meters are free on the weekends. Approaching the green, red, and checkered building you can tell you are embarking on some real deal pizza. . I like how the interior looks a bit gloomy and dim. I am fond of low lit rooms. This way no one can see me pig out. The waiter was great! We ordered a round of Popsand a Italian salad to split. She was able to get the salad and drinks out pretty fast. We worked on the salad for a good 20 minutes. There was nothing out of this world about the salad, but it sure tasted good. Definitely not as savory and delicious as what's to come. Our Sausage Deep Dish Pizza had finally arrived! Oh my good lord! This pizza had attitude! I swear it barked at me. The pie is decked out with lots of cheese, veggies, and sauce. The crust was thick and buttery.The gut busting pie had a whole flat sausage spread all across it. Every single savory bite was filled with the sweet taste of Italian Sausage. This is genius! I hope who ever created this received a Nobel. Being the He-Men that we are, we destroyed that monster! I felt like I just made a break-through in my life. By the time we had finished I felt like I needed to write a biography. Either way, this pizza was everything a Chicago Deep Dish should be and taste. In my heart I feel like I just ate the Best Deep Dish in Chicago. Hands Down! Words can not describe the explosion of joy that comes over you on the first bite. I am due for another visit to this great city. Geno's I'll bee seeing you!
