The first stop on the great Chicago pig out. We journeyed to Purple Pig on Sunday, the day after Xmas for some drinks and tastes. The place was hopping and it is crowded even at 5:15pm. We waited about 15 minutes for space for four and were seated at one of the communal tables. There are a couple of communal tables and then several smaller tables. It's a small place and feels chaotic and busy with people pushing by and waiters and busers quickly running around to clear and deposit plates. I guess that's one of the disadvantages of small plates; they all have to be picked up and deposited. Most of the time I don't notice this so maybe it was either the feeling we were being rushed that made me pay more attention or the crowdedness of our communal table that made it feel like there was constantly a disruptive hand pulling away or putting down a plate.  We were handed menus, a drink menu with beer and wine, and a short food menu and the rather abrupt and pretentious waiter explained that they did primarily mediterranean wines. We asked about cocktails and were told "a few could be done". When we asked which few, he said, "we have like three vodkas, two gins, one whiskey, etc". I asked about a cocktail with cherry brandy and they couldn't do it. So, we settled on a bottle of Colombo Cotes de Rhones. For food, we ordered butternut squash, pork shoulder over mashed potatoes, and fried green olives stuffed with chorizo. The food came quickly and our wine glasses were topped off with alacrity. The feeling was one of get people fed and out of here. And, the food showed a rushed hand. The butternut squash was lukewarm and seemed to have been sitting for a while. It tasted fine, but we expected more. The pork shoulder was also lukewarm and tough. This was a surprising disappointment. The mashed potatoes didn't even resemble mashed potatoes but more like a thick potato water slurry. Again, the taste was fine but the textures detracted from a good experience. The olives were crisply fried and without any excess grease. But, you couldn't taste the chorizo. I almost would have preferred an olive without the chorizo. Overall, I would sum up the experienced as rushed, rough and chaotic. I'd go back again because reviews suggest we just must have gotten an off night.
