I met a few friends at The Bad Apple, reportedly when it was Feed the Beast it was always pretty empty. FtB obviously didn't get the formula right, but The Bad Apple did, at 7:30 on a Friday the place was packed, there was a 30 minute wait for a table and the bartenders were running themselves ragged! I don't know what FtB used to look like, but The Bad Apple is cute. The bar area is a deep maroon with dark wood chairs and accents and little red ball lights hanging over the tables. The dining area is brighter, but has the same maroon walls. A few accent walls have trees painted on them with one single red apple - very cute. We settled in at some chairs along the window with the gigantic beer list. I was impressed not only at selection, but how reasonable the prices were. Both of my beers were $4.25 and really good, I tried the Dark Horse Raspberry Ale and the Left Hand Ju Ju Ginger Ale. It's hard to separate our food from the service. Our server was very inattentive and awkward. When we sat he was going on and on about the drink lists (they reportedly have a nice specialty drink list too) while we looked at him puzzled, it took him a while to figure out those full glasses of beer in front of us were ours and we were set with drinks. When we ordered it also got awkward. My friend wanted her burger made with a veggie patty, our server stood and pondered the idea before saying it was no problem. When Picky McPickerson (me) asked if the pieces of olive in the tuna salad were large enough for me to pick out, I threw him for a loop; I ordered something else instead. Our food took forever, we wondered if we should tell him to cancel it or if he had forgotten to submit it. When we asked why 3 burgers were taking an hour he just said the kitchen is doing their thing; no apology for the delay, nothing! We had to ask him to find out when that meant we'd eat. Aside from checking on us for drinks he seemed to be completely out of his element! To eat I got the Strange Famous - homemade wild mushroom, seitan, chick pea and corn burger, goat cheese, caramelized onion and sage marmalade, and spinach leaves. I got the marmalade on the side unsure of how it would work with the burger, but it surprisingly was good and not very jelly-like. I felt like the goat cheese was either wrong for the burger or there was too much of it, it overpowered the burger. I ended up putting ketchup on it to cut some of the goat cheese flavor. My friends got the Mahalo (sub veggie patty) and the Hangover. They both liked their burgers, but my friend's veggie burger fell apart almost instantly. The Hangover was huge with a fried egg and bacon on it. The hand cut fries served with it were really good, but I would've liked them a little hotter. There aren't an overwhelming number of veggie choices here, even most salads seem to have meat on them. It's definitely not impossible to eat here, just a little limiting. Bottom line: 3.5 stars for great beer selection with great prices; good food; cute decor; sloooow service. If service were on point it would easily be 4 stars.
