This place is extremely overpriced. I am over the small plate crap. Restaurants think they can bleed a party of 4 at $22 per small plate (and of course to get the "full experience" you must order 10) and it's acceptable? OVER IT. And dare I say this reminds me of another very popular Chinese restaurant chain's food, except way more pricey?  I won't even go there, but you probably get the picture. Starts with a PF and ends with a Changs.  $300 for four of us was the damage here at Sunda on what I would call sub-par food. Anyway, onto the cuisine of the evening: -Drinks: Pear Sake cocktail, saketini, some jalapeno something or other. NO stars because there was no alcohol present in any of these. -Rock Shrimp Tempura with walnuts and honey -- this gave me indigestion all night. Avoid unless you are going right home. Very good, but very rich. In fact, I believe on the menu at said restaurant I'm thinking of, this is called Crispy Honey Shrimp... -Brussels Sprouts Salad -- delicious, a must try. This is the one item I rank as stellar. -Sunda Poke -- Seemed covered in some sort of mayonnaise type sauce, I have never had Tuna Poke as "creamy" as this one was, and I wish not to again. -Stuffed Avocado -- this freaking thing was $17.00 and was about 3 bites in total. Our table laughed at how small it was for the price. It was spicy tuna with some avocado on top. AVOID. -Confit Pork Shank -- I have recently stopped eating meat, but the dead animal carcass lovers at the table really enjoyed this $26.00 masterpiece. -Noodles -- this was something that I could have made at home. AVOID. -Scorpion Roll -- It was a softshell crab roll that was so mundane and boring, priced at $16.00 for 5 pieces. Another laughable item at the table. The rolls here are very expensive. Since this one was under $20.00, this one would be considered a bargain at Sunda. In summary: The drinks seemed to have 0% alcohol in them, and they were conveniently priced at least $13.00 each. Oh wait! Even just a Ketel and soda = $13.00. WTH? Our server was outstanding, Michael I believe. A+ for that. I just have a hard time swallowing $16.00 for a 5 piece soft shell crab roll, plain, with no sauce at all. This place is popular and trendy, but as far as food reviews go, I am not impressed. There are so many other great places to go to in the city where you won't feel like you were kicked in the face upon the bill arriving.
