Single worst tasting menu experience I have EVER had.... And I have been around the culinary block. From Daniel to French Laundry to Per Se- WD50 to Eleven Madison Park to all of the Momofuku restaurants... I have been a silent observer on Yelp till now. I cannot let anyone make the same mistake we have. First, let me say the service was fine, albeit canned at best. Completely generic fine dining, no bit of personality present whatsoever. But again, fine. Then it got ugly. So help me God if I ever see another piece of gold leaf on a plate again I will stab the nearest victim in the eye with whatever semi sharp implement I may have within arm's reach. I felt as though I was in podunkville Arkansas (no offense Arkansas) circa 1988. All that was missing was a few mullets and some bad shoulderpads. Seriously, if Don Johnson walked out with my food I can't say i would have been surprised. So the plating was horrific. One dish actually had a blown glass conch type shell housing the scallop dish.. I mean it's not even the same mollusk, people, what do you take me for?! Gold leaf, luster dust, and contrived table side service abounded. Is this the caliber of haute cuisine Chicagoans accept? I truly hope not. THE FOOD Well, note to any Michelin rated, Relais & Chateau establishment - if you can't make a freaking brioche ( our neighbor called it a pretzel and wasn't joking) or petit chapeau there are PLENTY of places you can purchase from. Just don't bother because Au Bon Pain can do a more acceptable job. First course was 'faux caviar' - oh hi Thomas Keller circa 1997 didn't see you there... Tapioca'd pearls of white sturgeon served in a kitchy branded caviar tin over (brown) avocado bs. Been done, thousands of times, better. The caviar was overly salty and the avocado was nothing of any remembrance that you haven't tasted at your local taquieria. On no planet should the mediocre wine have been served with the dish.  Next was a celeriac soup. The time warp continued with undercooked potato, tasteless truffle chip, overcooked quail egg and crispy something stupid. Tableside pouring of flavorless soup lacking any personality or consistency whatsoever. Now I'm getting feisty. Again a pooooooor wine pairing, completely unmemorable and young. Did I mentioned the plate was covered in a vomitous smattering of gold leaf? Who even does that any more?! Well hello there David Hasselhoff, is Knight Rider waiting outside for you? I couldn't tell based on our asinine third course. Presentation was cute but dated, 'flavors of fall' - a bunch of crap served in a small pumpkin with some pinecones (AND LUSTERDUST) on a piece of slate. Medjool dates, chestnuts, pears and pumpkin in a curry broth so lacking in flavor it was nearly impossible to differentiate one bite from the next. Now I'm pissed. Wine = gruner - fine but uncharacteristic and poorly paired. Next up... Cod. Yes cod. How on earth could a high end restaurant screw cod up, you say? Oh, well they did... My portion was grossly overcooked on the edges and well cooked in the middle, but completely flavorless on one side and so damned salty on the other it was nearly inedible. My partner's was so completely overcooked he barely touched it and when asked he politely lied and said he was saving room. It was served with a mussel veloute (hi there 1994) which was just embarrassing.The chosen wine this time was red, Pinot noir in style, once again too young but tasty. Perhaps good in theory with the dish - if it had been properly seasoned, prepared, or any combination... Venison. My most favorite game there is. Ever. And they destroyed it. Unseasoned, flavorless, served on some horrendous brussels sprouts (blame them for why people treat them as the redheaded stepchild of veggies) and some haphazard red currants (yes it's December, seasonal people?!) nonexistent alleged broth. Gag. Wine= mediocre which at this point was a happy surprise. Dessert- if you can't make a culinary school pate a fruits - DON'T. For christ's sake it's a rookie thing to overdevelop the gelatin, I'll go to cvs and get some jujubees, thanks. Apple beignets - great beignets, apple tasted like water - how hard would it have been to cook it in ANYTHING?! Vanilla ice cream - once I got past the ice crystals it was bland and your local grocery store has more interesting vanilla. Lettuce Entertain You - is this what you do to an alleged fine dining experience? Or is Tru just coasting on false reputation? Do yourself a favor and don't waste $500+ on dinner for two, or if you do I have a pretty fancy bridge to sell you...
