When that in October with its showers sweet, I called Schwa restaurant and a person did I meet, Who picked up the telly, Promised to fill ma belly. When in November with anticipation, I heard from Schwa to confirm my reservation, And breathless I was, Until they canceled and killed ma buzz. When in December I was supposed to go, To Schwa restaurant, this time fo' sho, But they canceled again, And boy, I felt hopeless then. When in January I finally did eat, The beauty, the wonders, of a Schwa feast, The friendly chefs, Did pick up the check. ** Disclaimer: I am not a poet. As if you couldn't tell already. The actual review: Just got back from Schwa, and IT. WAS. AMAZING. If my poem was unintelligible, here's the skinny: I got two reservations and got both canceled (the first res was on my 6th anniversary!!!), the restaurant actually got me a new reservation and picked up the tab. Talk about awesome. The food: Incredible. Our menu: amuse (oyster shooter), crab (peekytoe crab w/ pine, mushroom, caramelized plantain), apple pie soup (savory), tagliatelle (with huckleberries, black truffle, and diced veal heart), maki (with green curry, rootbear, and awesome little fried roe on top), bonus quail egg ravioli, tiger fish (w/ carrot, marshmallow, cardomon), biscuits and gravy (w/ sweetbreads, gravy and mustard), pork (with zucchini, garlic chips, and white anchovy sauce), a cheese puff, a celery-based cake with white chocolate side, and a bonus dessert of violet-infused cones w/ white choco foam, beet ice cream, and a peppercorn. The food review: The bad: some things seemed a bit over-salted. But I have kind of a weird relationship with salt--I tend to think things are either over-salted or not salty at all, so um, take my salt eval w/ a grain of salt?! The good: EVERYTHING. The pork was unexpectedly phenomenal. I could eat that stuff all day. The quail egg was, duh, amazing. The maki was unexpectedly phenomenal--who thinks to fry roe?! It was fantastically crunchy and added amazing interest. I can't really tell you anything about the food that people haven't said a thousand times over (it's amazing, creative, how do they think of this stuff, the breadth of their talent is incredible, blah blah), but I can tell you that my incredibly picky dinner companion (seriously, his favorite restaurant is Chipotle, and until he got to college, he pretty much only ate chicken, spaghetti, pancakes, burgers and pizza--no joke) LOVED the meal and called it "the best meal of his life." So, for those of you who, like me, often live/eat with incredibly picky eats, fear not! If my picky eater loved it, yours probably will too. The service: Not sure what everyone means by "curt service," etc. I thought the service was phenom. Seth was our main person, and he was thorough, efficiently, and friendly. They let us try some of their own stash of beer, gave us two freebie dishes, and were super apologetic about the prior cancellations (even though we were more than happy to be there!). They picked up the check without us even mentioning anything about the prior cancellations, which was awesome. The chef popped by our table several times to ask us about the food (including the new biscuits and gravy--first night on the menu) and was very nice. Overall, some of the best service I've ever had (and very low-key, not in-your-face, not overly chatty--really perfect).  The atmosphere: I actually thought it was fantastic. A nice space, and I thought the dim lighting and interesting music (aka not soft boring faux-classy stuff) made it laid-back and romantic. The low-key atmosphere made it so much easier to enjoy the food--no pretension! In conclusion: PLEASE go. Well, actually, please don't go, so it'll be easier for me to get reservations. Kthxbai.
