On a rainy Wednesday when I called in sick from work, I ended up having one of the best food experiences of my life. I woke up this morning with my body feeling like a big fat bruise. I was nauseated and achy. The cold and rainy weather reflected exactly how I felt, Shitty!!!. On this dreary day, I did something that I very rarely do. I called in sick to work. I crawled back into bed for some quiet, blissful sleep. I woke up around noon totally famished. And I was hungry for something that I swore off as a kid. I actually had a craving for a Hot Dog. You have to understand that I ate so many hot dogs as a kid, that I rarely crave them as an adult. During the summers of my youth, you could find me at one of two places. At one of my little league games, or at Wrigley Field. Needless to say, I ate so many Hot Dogs and Brats that I wanted to name my first born Frankfurter. We first did a drive by of Hot Doug's to see how long the line was. To our surprise, there was nobody waiting outside. As we entered, the line was about 10 deep. The line moved surprisingly fast. We had our food in 10 minutes. When we got to the counter, we got to meet Hot Doug himself (Doug Sohn). Doug took Carolynne's order and then asked what Derrek Sanderson would like. He obviously noticed my Boston Bruins cap. He made a great first impression by mentioning one of my favorite hockey players of all time. After talking hockey for a few minutes, he took our order. I ordered the Dave Kingman Dog and (one of the daily specials) the Mole, Smoked Chicken Sausage. The Kingman Dog was a spicy, Chicken Sausage that was packed with Flavor. The Caramelized onions were a nice touch. The Mole Chicken Sausage was out of this world. It was covered with a spicy Mole Sauce with pepper jack cheese. We also split an order of fries. Hot Doug's doesn't offer the fries made in goose oil during the week, but I can't imagine them being much better than the fries that we had. They were hand cut fries that were tender and delicious. The highlight of the meal for me was sampling some of Carolynne's Foie gras Dog. Other than the controversial ban by the City of Chicago, I had never even heard of the stuff. But the creamy liver sausage blew me away. It was a wonderful slice of decadence. I have always believed that there was a fine line between Genius and Insanity. The strange combination of sausages and toppings at Hot Doug's walks that line. I have always been amazed by how some Chefs can come up with different combinations of food that you would never even dream of. And the great ones can turn it into a delicacy. If there was a Nobel Prize for Cased Meat, Hot Doug's gets my nomination. The Bottom line is this. If you have not been to Hot Doug's, get your ass over there. What have you been waiting for? Don't worry about the line, it moves faster than you think. You will not get a better dining experience for your hard earned dollar. This place is a Gem, and a must visit for any foodie in Chicago.
