Ok, first and foremost, don't expect most Korean restaurants to have top notched service skills. I have been to several Korean restaurants, with and without Korean friends, and almost every time the wait staff is indifferent. You're in their house, so suck it up or eat something else. With that being said, SSGS was the first Korean BBQ joint I went to without a Korean friend, so I had a pretty good idea about what I like and what to suggest to my companions. You don't go here for the service, you go for the food, which is pretty awesome for the prices that they're at. Be prepared to cook your own food in a fire pit and let your dinner companions understand what's going on or you'll end up having a big fight with your brother (who didn't understand the concept of paying to cook your own food) and ruin your other brother's birthday. I'm just saying, that's all. You do have the option of having the kitchen cook it for you too. I've always been partial to Bulgogi and Kalbi and my buddy loves the spicy octopus. Not being a huge fan of spicy octopus, I have to admit it's still pretty good. The plus side is that they have those gazillion side dishes. My favorite happens to be the bean sprouts and the pickled carrots. The parking lot is a scary battlezone, so I normally park on the side street and walk that block. It's better peace of mind than worrying about some overzealous idiot dinking up your car. I've noticed that they have been working on their service the last few times I've been in there. Although those ladies are a little grumpy and rushed, I can't help but sympathize. I'm sure they work all hours of the day trying to move herds of hungry Korean BBQers in and out. Having had a job in the food industry, let me tell you it's no picnic. Especially when you have to deal with really picky people who give you a whole song and dance about what they can or can't eat; and you don't really give a crap that they don't like grainy textures, yet they want to eat cinnamon sugar. There has been a pretty older lady that checks in on everybody now. I'm assuming she's the owner, but she's always around to make sure you're glass is still full and that you're not waiting around for anything. If you've never tried Korean BBQ before, this is a great place to introduce your palette to new flavors (and your clothes to a smoky sweet aroma. DON'T go to the movies or any other crowded places until you've atleast changed your top), just bring a friend who's eaten Korean food before, otherwise you're always safe with the Bulgogi or Kalbi. Above all, as you should apply to all new experiences, just have some frickin' fun!
