TAPAS DE UPSCALE-EO A little history on tapas - originating in Spain, it was really its meant to be inexpensive, locally sourced, bar food. It was to keep people from getting too drunk and too sick. Luckily, tapas was born out of Spain, and the food there consisted of most things being cooked in garlic and olive oil, and only the freshest local ingredients. So, any of you Twilight vampirers, or New Mooners or other wise, you can't eat the garlic tapas (more for us!). Back to the present, Spain is now the world center of new cuisine, and Barcelona is their growing jewel. Being just there a month ago, I ate as many forms of tapas as I could EVERY DAY for two weeks. Even in the pricey places, its not that expensive (8-10 Euro, depending on the place), and the plates are a sharable size, with no more than 3 plates needed to make a very complete meal. Meats, cheeses, vegetables, seafood, whatever was closest was served. At Mercat a la Planxa, I will say the food tastes GREAT. The only thing is, due to the location and the overhead, you will only get to TASTE the food. Some portions are small, some are translucent (meat plate). Don't expect enough to share a tapas portion with anyone but aspiring models (4 models to a plate, which means you will need to order a lot more food to avoid that midnight after dinner Whopper, if you came in hungry earlier). It is not a local style restaurant - it is a big name one, and with the big overhead comes an artisan tasting gallery (i.e. small samples) of very tasty food, possibly leaving you hungry for more - LITERALLY. So be warned, Chicago appetites! If you are a skinny European, then this place is PERFECT. As for understanding the food, the staff had little knowledge outside of reciting the ingredients. For instance, the first dish (which was complementary) was "pan con tomate" - a simple piece of toasted bread rubbed with garlic and crushed tomato, drizzled with olive oil. I asked the bartenders where this dish came from, or its origins. The only spanish person working mentioned a story of how it was made, but really, it is a Catalan dish - meant to make something special out of day-old bread. Here, the interpretation was much more advanced, even for a piece of bread. The rest: Charcuterie Mixta - 3 kinds of meat served with bread and condiments. The slices were ultra thin, and the size of a silver dollar. Nice flavor, but that was our protein for the night.  Setas a la planxa - Nice mix of 3 different mushrooms, perfectly cooked and seasoned. This was the best main dish of the night. Paella Negra - Squid ink rice with squid, very good and rich. Nice dish, but just enough for 2 to share, for one to finish. Protein here too. Croquetas de Chocolate - little fried chocolate balls with marshmallow pillows and caramel. Tasty - 6 bites was enough. The croquetas were hot and the execution perfect. Datiles con bacon - not much you can do with a date wrapped in bacon, but they put a little frise salad with a light blue cheese dressing (almost a play on a buffalo wing presentation). If they had added a bit of heat to the date, it would have been over the top. So, to summarize, expect a great flavor, great food, but make sure you're on a diet, cause you will be wanting a bit more.
