My wife and I went here on a Friday night. We planned on ordering tons of food because the menu is fairly broad and unique - some people drink, but we like to eat. The waiter cut us off and told us we ordered too much food. A first! We ended up talking him into letting us order in courses, how nice of him. All is well though because we were put at a tiny little table by the door even though we had really early reservations and the place was almost empty when we got started. The waiter was very helpful with the menu and pretty friendly, but more or less disappeared when the place filled up. They are definitely understaffed for a Friday night. $180 bucks for two people should mean not having to wait an hour after you are done eating to cash out and leave. We had: White Anchovies Sardines Halibut Crudo Taste of Hams Charcuterie Plate (pork pie, sausage, head cheese, duck and fois gras terrine, pickles, and 2 mustards) Beef Carpaccio Boudin Blanc Milk Chocolate Cremeaux w/lavender short bread and prunes The fish dishes were all brilliant. It is nice to see oily little fish on a menu and prepared with reverence. I can't pick a favorite. If I go back, this would be all that I ordered - plus maybe a few more fish dishes. The hams were really nice and great with goat butter. The country ham reminded me of the many chipped ham sandwiches of my youth - a great memory to visit. The Charcuterie plate was more of my wife's idea. She loved the head cheese. The sausage was pretty good, but I would pass on this in the future. Beef carpaccio was so-so. It was pounded down pretty unevenly and some of it was too thick. The flavor was balanced, but I feel like throwing onion rings on top is cheating. Boudin Blanc - I was stuffed by this point in the meal, so I only ate a couple bites. This was the most dramatic looking of everything they brought out. It had a nice pear salad and some bunches of raisons still on the vine, which looked great and were very tasty. The cremeaux dessert was very nice. It was much thicker than I expected and the prunes were amazing. I couldn't really taste lavender in the shortbread, which was just a small little wafer. The dcor is overly beige, but I love the long tables and the huge paintings of pigs on the wall, a fitting tribute to a delicious beast.  Overall I have to give Publican three stars. The food is rustic delicious on most accounts, but not a good value when the service is taken into consideration. I would suggest that they maybe ditch the monochromatic walls, probably reconsider the seating, and definitely bring in some more waiters on the weekends.
