It would be a sin to give this Ritz anything but five stars. Everything is flawless there. It's almost too flawless. From the valet's perfectly tailored clothing to the decor with not a smidgen of dirt to be found anywhere, this Ritz puts on the Ritz in their own hotel. I must admit, I felt a little grungy when I was a guest here at the Ritz and I'm far from a grungy person. But even wearing sundresses and pants with nice tops didn't seem to be quite elegant enough for the Ritz. Had I known, I would have packed my pearls and worn tailored dresses the whole time. That's what everyone else was wearing at least. The men were in suits or should I say, "casual suits" during the day and the women were in the same. We were about 30 years younger than any other guest at the Ritz so maybe that's why we got so many looks. But attitudes and guest attire aside, this hotel is spectacular. The lobby is on the 12th floor of the Water Tower so don't let the street entrance fool you. That's just a precursor to the glory. You exit the first group of elevators and enter a majestic setting of floor to ceiling windows and a huge lobby, lounge and restaurant overlooking the city of Chicago with the first view being of the Hancock building. Plus, don't forget about the Roman-like fountain placed perfectly in the center of the lobby. The rooms are just as magical as the lobby. Everything is clean. Everything is quiet. I didn't hear one peep from one guest or staffer my entire stay. It's like you enter into your own little royal world when you stay in a room at the Ritz. Some highlights include: - The beds. Oh heaven...the beds. I could have slept my way through vacation but the city of Chicago deserves more from me. - The bath products. They provide L'Occitane products in the bathrooms. Splendid. - The service. Completely perfect and professional from the minute of check-in to check out and this includes the run in with the maids and the valet giving me an umbrella when it started to rain. Some tips: If you are looking for five star service, in a five star setting, in the heart of Chicago, you can't do much better than the Ritz. Be sure to find time to sit in the lounge/bar area overlooking the city for a drink and if you are there on Sunday and have the time and funds, enjoy the Sunday brunch. I didn't eat it, but the smells and appearance told me it's worth every penny! So goodbye Ritz, until hopefully one day when I can visit again. I promise next time, I'll remember to pack my pearls!
