What does one say about this restaurant that would be neither superlative nor duplicative? The words "perfect", "sublime", "delight", and "heavenly" all come to mind. But how does one truly describe a concept restaurant that conquers where others have failed or soars where others have become stale? I think the only way this restaurant can be adequately described is to discuss its wunderkind, Grant Achatz. Just over five months ago, Achatz was diagnosed with mouth cancer. Stage four mouth cancer at that. And even if he survived the illness, there was a great chance that he might lose his sense of taste. Comparisons were instantly made to Beethoven, but one could sense writers and compatriots where grasping at hope and praying just for survival. This past Thursday, I received a call from the restaurant to confirm Allie, her parents, and my reservation at Alinea. After we had discussed the typical issues (confirmation, special requests, food allergies, etc.), I asked the caller about Chef Achatz's health. I was prepared to receive a somewhat snide comment about the Chef's health being private or something similar. Instead, the caller thanked me. Thanked me for asking. And mentioned a press release which was put forth by the restaurant the previous week. In the release, which the caller mentioned, the restaurant and Achatz finished with Achatz's own personal motto: "Onward." So there I stood, preparing to leave the restaurant on Saturday night, prepared to receive my coat from the front-of-the-house staff, when I looked into the kitchen. Allie's parents were wondering who Chef G was, when I saw him. Anyone who has been in or around restaurants can pick out the truly special chefs when they see them. There is an aura to them. Some have an air of power; others are manic; others are barking orders. While I haven't seen too many great chefs in action, I knew Chef Achatz immediately. He was the one who was moving slowly between the tables, with an air of infinite calmness and purpose. A man who had risen to the pinnacle of his profession only to be told he may die. A man who had seen an empire rise only to hear prognostications that it may crumble as fast. A man that had seen the end and knew that the dish he prepared or conceived of that night was not as important as other things.  He had a wisdom in his movement that is not often seen among the young and even less seen amongst the uber-successful young. He was a man, frankly, who had done more in the past 3 years than many do in 70-year lifetimes. And despite his success and the money that he likely has (and further the opportunity he likely had to walk away from it all), there he stood. Tenderly placing a sauce on his dish or preparing a foam for another dish. Intensely calm. Striving onward. To Chef Achatz, five stars are insufficient to truly describe your efforts in Alinea. But despite the perfection you have created, you strive onward.  And for that, like your staff so graciously stated, I say thank you.
