The 8 course Goose Island dinner at Sun Wah last night was EXCELLENT! Not only was it one of head brewmaster Greg Hall's last (if not his very last) beer pairing dinners before he leaves Goose Island, but this dinner gave us a chance to taste dishes that I had never ordered at Sun Wah before. As expected, all of the beers (312, Lolita, Fleur, Sofie, Madame Rose, Pepe Nero, Juliet, Matilda, Pere Jacques) were tasty.  Although this was a special event, all of the dishes prepared can be ordered off of Sun Wah's menu regularly. Food courses in order: 1. Minced fish nuggets with iceberg lettuce: In concept this dish sounds a little suspect, but as someone who grew up eating all types of weird minced mystery meats, I can tell you that Sun Wah's minced fish nuggets/balls were deliciously flavorful and not the bad kind of fishy at all. The sauce was great and the lettuce was refreshing.  2. Sauteed bok choy: You can't mess this up! Delicious. 3. Pan-fried shrimp with bell peppers, onions, & thai chiles: One of my favorites of the night. Shrimp, with its shells on, were pan-fried to crunchy perfection. It was excellently seasoned. 4. Beef chow fun: The noodles were perfect. This used to be one of my favorite dishes growing up and it's really easy to mess up if the noodles aren't the perfect texture and size. Sun Wah's is really close to perfect. 5. Stir-fried tofu medley: I enjoyed this because I like tofu. If you don't, I wouldn't order this. 6. Roast pork: I judge every Hong Kong-style BBQ place I go to based on the execution of this dish. The meat should be flavorful but not dry, and the skin should be crispy and not chewy. For the most part, Sun Wah does great. 7. Peking duck: The mini sandwiches came completely prepared already, which is understandable since this was a set dinner. But the duck and the steamed buns got cold really quickly. The Peking duck is normally AMAZING, and I would definitely suggest going to Sun Wah for its signature dish. That being said, I still enjoyed it and the Matilda paired perfectly with the duck! 7.5: Duck fried rice (made with the leftover Peking duck): We weren't expecting this, but it's awesome that they don't let anything go to waste.  8. Chicken with bittermelon in a black bean sauce: I was not a fan of bittermelon when I was a kid and I am still not a fan of it. What does it taste like? Like a squash that has a bitter taste that somehow lingers even after you've swallowed it. Sorry, but not my favorite. After the meal ended everyone was super stuffed and you could tell that the entire restaurant was considerably louder due to everyone being nicely liquored up from the beer.  Bravo Goose Island & Sun Wah BBQ!
