Rick Bayless is a culinary genius. I cannot get enough of his food, and Xoco is every bit as good as you'd expect. A restaurant dedicated to "some of Mexico's best street food from one of America's top chefs" is so accurate. I went here today with my 9-month pregnant wife, and luckily she was hungry so that gave me an excuse to order way too much food -- you know, to make her feel better - sympathy eating. She started with a side salad, romaine, arugula, jicama, cucumber in a light vinaigrette dressing. It was very green, but a very light and refreshing way to start a meal. I dove face first into the chips and guacamole. The chips were very good; fresh, crispy and hearty, not at all greasy. For my entree, I had the Cubana totra: pork, bacon, avocado, cheese and special chipolte mustard sauce with a tomato salsa on the side. It was insanely good. The portion was huge, but I ate the whole thing in no time, then cursed at myself for eating so fast. My wife carefully and slowly enjoyed her Gunthrop Chicken torta, prepared in a woodburning oven. For dessert, we split three churros for $3. So the churros are $1.25 each or 3 for $3 -- so of course you have to order three, right? The churros were crunchy, sugary and perfect. I also had a cafe con chocolate and it warmed me up on this cold October afternoon. Our bill for all this food was $36. Yeah, a little expensive but I'm willing to pay up for good, quality food. A few other things worth nothing (in no particular order): - the wait during lunch can be long; we waited 25 minutes; at 1:30pm there was no line at all, so think about arriving early or late for lunch - the restaurant is VERY loud; it was hard for us to carry on a conversation during lunch, but luckily we were so busy stuffing our faces with wonderful Mexican food we didn't mind so much! - expect to drop $20 a person if you come here for lunch - they serve liquor (beer and wine) which is always a plus - my wife said there was a sign that said "no take out" during certain hours. Doesn't make sense to me - why can't I order this to go? Not so happy about that one. Rick Bayless you did it again. Wonderful, authentic Mexican food. I look forward to eating here again...and again...and again.
