So I got pretty lucky and won a Time Out weekly prize - I got a free night at the Dana, and a free "couple's spa package" for my boyfriend and myself! The concierge was extremely friendly and accommodating. For some reason, when I had selected my room type, I had chosen a room with two double beds even though I was staying with my boyfriend. it was a lapse in judgment. Fortunately, the woman at the desk noticed and was like "Why would a couple have a room with two double beds?" and updated us to a corner king room! She really was interested in making our stay the best it could be, and that did not go unnoticed. I thought the room was beautiful. The bed was cozy and overflowing with pillows. Two walls were made entirely of windows, but the shades that pull down are very effective at blocking early-morning sunshine. It was nice to have a view down State Street. I don't think the people on the ground can see us up on the 6th floor, but I felt a bit weird changing my clothes in full, broad daylight next to a window, but nobody seemed to look up. Hopefully! The bathroom was pretty awesome as well - the one downside was the sliding door. Lots of boutique hotels seem to have these, and I hate them. they don't block sound, and you just feel like whoever you're sharing the room with can hear all your business. Uncool. Also our sliding door had some trouble staying shut, which made it even worse.... BUT I loved the shower! It was like being in a rain forest! Once we figured out how to work out, it was divine - one of the shower heads is directly overhead so it pours down on you like rain, and the other has a detachable head and strong water pressure. There was no shower curtain or door, which was kinda weird, but also kind of hot. It gives you a direct view of yourself (and your shower buddy, if you have one) in the mirror, so shy people may feel a bit awkward. I loved it. It was very luxurious. The one weird thing about the room was that the ceiling and one pillar looked sort of....unfinished. They were just that gray stone/cement color, with what looked like water spots and paint splatters. It looked like somebody forgot to finish painting the room. If it was meant to be part of the aesthetic, it was lost on me. However, when we turned the lights off, the light coming from the street peeked through the cracks in the window shades, and made this amazing light pattern on the ceiling. I can't tell if it was intentional or not, but it was pretty lovely. There were lots of other nice things about the room - the huge mirror, the modern coffeemaker, and the general decor were all nice touches. Morning room service was prompt - the price is what you'd expect, but the food was surprisingly tasty. For some reason, the room service menu in our room was apparently "outdated," so the items we ordered were no longer on the breakfast menu. Still, the guy on the phone told us to describe the items and the kitchen would be happy to make them anyway. I dig that. We also spent several hours at the spa getting our couple's package! Massages were first, and they were great. The couples massage entailed my boyfriend and I lying in separate beds while two women worked on us. The room was dim, and there were candles and soft music. The women were professional and talented - I'd recommend it to anybody who doesn't mind letting another woman put her hands on their man. Ha. Facials were next - I'd only had one before in my life, so I don't have much to judge it against. It felt good - the bed was heated and the woman explained everything to me as she went along. She gave me some advice on how to better care for my skin - and I know I don't do much for it, so I needed the help. She did some extractions using her hands, which surprised me, but I didn't mind. As long as it works! My skin did feel soft and glowing afterwards, maybe now I'll start taking better care of it to keep it that way. The mani/pedi was next. I loved the woman who did it - her name was Joyce - but the setting was odd. She didn't really have her own room - just a little back area in a corridor behind the spa desk. It was a little cramped, and it wasn't really a room, so we could hear all the chatter up at the spa desk the whole time. The nail polish selection was good colorwise, but I think it was cheap polish - I prefer something like OPI for this kind of thing. Regardless, Joyce was lovely and totally hilarious. She moved back and forth between my boyfriend and I, and we really enjoyed her personality. I have certainly had more luxurious mani/pedis in my life, but she still did a very nice job. I think she could've done more with sloughing off dry skin - this was my first pedi since winter ended and I wanted some more intensive work! The other nice thing was the "relaxation room" they put us in between treatments. It's dim and quiet, with ice water to drink and lots of soft chairs and daybeds to lounge on.
