A restaurant must be damn awful to get one star from me. San Soo Gab San deserves this rating. I went with my sister, whom my boyfriend and I just picked up from the airport on a rainy Thursday night. She was excited to have Korean food. San Soo Gab San has a reputation for being the most popular Korean restaurant in Chicago, and it has above average reviews. I figured it would be a good meal. Hell no. Nevermind the fact that there were almost no vegetarian dishes. I expected such. I could eat just the pachan, the side dishes. They were able to make their tofu soup without seafood, which deserves to be noted. Anyway, my sister ordered beef bulgogi and dumplings and my boyfriend had the beef with glass noodles soup. All of the food was fine, although the noodle soup had maybe three strands of noodles. I'm totally serious. It was about a pound of beef in broth. My boyfriend found this to be disappointing. The service was what killed the experience. There was one waitress for the entire right section of the restaurant. The poor woman was overwhelmed by a full house. I can be sympathetic towards servers, but this restaurant was so poorly run. It took them 15 minutes to take our order, then forever to bring the pachan and the food. The server did not even ONCE check on our table. She took our order, brought our food, and gave us our check. I think we were there for over 1.5 hours, and we just wanted to eat and go home. We were really annoyed that the table with a large group right next to us received more service. She went to their table many times, and couldn't see us trying to flag her down (and we did this many times). We were dying of thirst, as no one ever refilled our water until the check came, and they spilled the water all over the damn table. I wanted more rice for my tofu soup, but the waitress never came back to our table. San Soo Gab San needs to work on efficiency because this poor quality of service was completely, absolutely unacceptable. We were annoyed. We were mad. I wanted to talk to the manager about the abysmal service (the worst I've had in a long time), but I'm just never going to return. I've had better food and service in the suburbs of Virginia. I DO NOT recommend San Soo Gab San at all, unless you come after midnight. Maybe the waitress will actually do more than the bare minimum. This restaurant is not worth the hype or the wait. You've been warned.
