So I've been here twice now and have really WANTED to like it. You ALWAYS hear good things about this place.  So after my first time I couldn't review it. I thought it was good, but not great. I also followed some ordering advice from a couple hipsters next to us; should've known that was a bad idea too. And my fault.  So I gave it a second chance and ordered what I thought would be good, not things that some emo ten-speeder next to me thought would be good. So let's start with infamous pork rinds that aren't that good. Everyone raves about the pork rinds...and I've come to the conclusion that all these people have clearly NEVER bought pork rinds from a gas station. Because they taste the exact same minus temperature. I'm not saying they are bad. They are just pork rinds, which is a fried pork skin, which really cannot be improved upon drastically.  Congrats to the Publican for realizing that their clientele wouldn't know this and then capitalizing on it. They do a lot of things right and it's an A-OK restaurant. The charcuterie is good. I especially like that pork pie makes an appearance. And they even serve it at the proper temperature (cold or room temp). I would love to hear how many people complain about this, because I'm sure it's a lot, but good for them to sticking to their pork pie guns. Everything else was good, but not super great. The sweetbreads, the pork belly, and the other meat dishes all have the same basic savory umami flavor. It's good, but it makes stuff all taste the same, minus the texture. The shrimp boil was also good. The HUGE shrimp were fantastic and some of the best I've ever seen or eaten. But they seemed too plain. No old bay, no seasoning, and it was like eating a shrimp cocktail that was supposed to be a shrimp boil! The oysters were great. If you are a raw oyster fan, just order every oyster they have on the menu, you won't regret it. At a tail to snout dining place I was surprised at the qulity of the oysters and the selection. The ambiance is good, but this is more of a party place. It gets LOUD! Which is fine because it fits with the 'hall' type atmosphere. But it's a dull roar and it makes it difficult to hear the waiters and waitresses, which is unfortunate because at a foodie place like this you really want to hear about the food. At the end of the day I'm still sad that I don't rave about this place like everyone else, but it's just not meant to be. I'll still go, I'll even still recommend it and take friends. And I will enjoy a good, but not mind-blowing, meal.
