I think I expected too much. I'm not going to lie, I'd been looking forward to going to Frontera Grill for something like two years, since I first went to Xoco. And I should have known better than to get too excited about anywhere with this much hype. I must say, that's probably why I wasn't overwhelmed; my expectations were simply set too high. First off, the food. Frontera has just put out a new menu, centered on shared food, tapas-style eating. With our group of three, that sounded good, and we followed our waiters' directions in ordering about 2 items per person. And we were drowning in food. It was mostly delicious, but things like the sweet potatoes with bacon weren't really worth it. The duck flautas were probably my favorite item, rich and delicately spicy. The shredded beef enchiladas were also good, but not fantastically so. The mole we tried was also excellent. But again, just not the world-changing experience that, say, the goat barbacoa torta at Xoco was. We even tried the goat barbacoa queso fundido, but the queso totally overwhelmed, and I felt like it was a little overwhelming. Perhaps that was the problem: everything was just a tad too much, trying a little too hard. That's not to say it wasn't bloody delicious, and I didn't eat a lot of it. It just wasn't the life altering moment that I wanted it to be. And yes, it does have genuine Mexican flavors and spices, in a way that most traditional Americanized Mexican food in the U.S. does not. Secondly, the drinks. We had a blood orange margarita that was pretty phenomenal, and then switched to beer. The drinks are delicious and reasonably priced. It was the first time I've had a margarita that didn't seem to involve any mixes, and that made me happy. Thirdly, the service. Our waiter was totally charming. And though he might have told us to order more food than we could possibly eat, he was considerate, answered all questions, and obviously really enjoys his job. As for the wait, we were going on Friday night. We stopped in to put our name on the list at about 6 PM, and were told it would be 2 hours. We had planned ahead and expected that kind of wait, so it was no big deal. When we stopped back by at 7 PM just to check in, following a drink at a nearby spot, they were ready for us. It was pretty well-timed, and the fact that we didn't have to wait in the restaurant the whole time was definitely appreciated. The atmosphere is a little hectic, and one doesn't exactly feel like sitting and hanging out would be appreciated. And while that is fine at Xoco, where street food and a bit of a rush feel naturally coordinated and hand-in-hand, that's a little more bothersome at Frontera, when you're dropping considerably more cash and might appreciate a little bit of a relaxed tone. All in all, it was definitely worth experiencing Frontera once. I'm just not all that sure I'd do it again.
