I had a great meal at Publican over the weekend. I can understand some of the misgivings people have, but to me, the menu is unique enough to make this place worth visiting. We started off with the chef's tasting of the oysters. 6 different types of oysters, all fresh and delicious. I was very impressed by the freshness and diversity of the oysters. It's hard to find great oysters outside of high-end restaurants and I haven't seen this much variety anywhere not on the coast, so for me this is a huge draw. Another highlight was the sweetbreads which were lightly breaded and served with a very light, vinegary sauce. They were so good that we were able to convince a very picky eater at the table to try them (before we told her what sweetbreads are). She loved them, but refused to eat more when we spilled the beans. Also the squid ink pasta had excellent texture and deep flavor that complemented the shrimp it was served with perfectly. And of course the excellent pork rinds have been well documented. The fries (which I think are fried in duck fat) were very rich but the egg on top didn't add much for me. If I were to order fries again, it would be without the egg and preferably with a side of aioli. The only miss for me was the sturgeon which was rather flavorless, though I suspect this may be more a product of my preference for stronger tasting fish. Also I have to mention the top notch beer selection. I started off with a bottle of De Ranke XX which I had never seen before. It was a very hoppy Belgian IPA that seemed a little over-hopped, but I was glad I was able to try a different beer in one of my favorite styles. The second beer I had, which was on tap, was something that ended in Urbock (I forget the full name). I was expecting a nice malty German bock, but instead got the best rauchbier (smoke beer) I've ever had. It was creamy and only slightly smokey but enough to add tremendous character to the beer. The fact that Publican has a beer of this quality and rarity on tap is a huge selling point in my eyes. Publican specializes in fish, pork, and beer and I think they deal with all three in a way few other restaurants do.
