I used to like this store, the location is perfect, and the hours are perfect 6-midnight, you could get fresh bread at any time... but no, no more!! the WORST customer service and the WORST management at the MOST EXPENSIVE store in Chicago. (Even Whole Foods beats them with prices!)**One note: the people at the meat counter are always super friendly and I will miss them, for I am not returning to this store ever again.I am one of those people who likes local grocery stores, likes fancy things, and I don't mind paying extra if the experience is good. But, FOX&OBEL IS SOO OVER.There is a film (?) being shot there tonight. I could not get bread. I was not greeted by anyone, I was shuffled around the store like an extra. Nobody explained what is going on, or how long I have to wait to buy something.The other night I roamed the store for 10 minutes, at around 10pm, LOOKING for SOMEONE to let me pay for my stuff!! Nobody was to be found! I should have just walked out of there with the free milk and jam.Over the past two and a half years, I have spent many a night wandering the store looking for help, or looking for someone who can give me that bread from the counter. The bread is actually not always fresh. They used to have nice pastries (croissants) and now they make them only randomly; when I asked how come there aren't croissants every morning, the lady told me "well why don't you make sure to come here every morning and buy one, so we'll make sure to supply them." What the hell.At the deli counter, only ONE guy knows what it means to slice the cold cuts "thin". The rest need to go back to school. I tried to get them to cater an event for me, and the catering person met with me one day and took my info and my number, and never called me back. (I guess they didn't want my business.)Some crazy person decided to "reorganize" the store, it is organized so badly that the milk is separate from the yogurt is separate from the butter and eggs are sometimes here and sometimes there, and there are no signs. There are no fresh berries anymore, unless they randomly show up at a random spot in the store. I cannot find anything.
