I was genuinely looking forward to coming here; it has plenty of good reviews. Unfortunately, I was not impressed. Our server had no personality. He was a body- sent to wander around and slink to tables quietly then look at you, saying nothing, as if you called him over to stand guard beside you. He couldn't even do that well. I think we made the mistake of sitting outside as it seemed the wait staff was always consumed by work inside. We ordered the bacon-wrapped dates as soon as our server came over, and it was long gone before he returned to take our order for entrees. Meanwhile, our water glasses sat empty for a solid 20 minutes. Oh, and could someone tell me the purpose of having a server when all the other waitstaff does the real work? And shamefully, it was a bus boy who acknowledged our departure and said thank you. Enough of the whining about service, you say? Well, the food was fine. I haven't met a bacon-wrapped date I didn't like, so it was good. That butter is no joke. My mother couldn't stop eating the bread just so she could finish the seasoned butter. I ordered the ceviche and a side of tostones for dinner. I couldn't finish either of them. The ceviche missed the sharpness of lime, but had a balsamic vinegar taste that I couldn't get over. Its juice was heavy on tomato sauce, but that's probably more preference. I also prefer my shrimp to be barely opaque, but they had the toughness of shredded tire. My tostones were equally disappointing. They weren't crispy at all and tasted of smoke and everything else that went into the deep fryer. And what the hell is that aji?? It was disgusting. Besides my poor meal choices, my dad enjoyed his carne a la parilla, but could have passed on the rice. My mother's roast pork was moist and flavorful, and the yucca frituras were tender and tasty.  In a nutshell, the food was fine depending on what you order, but it couldn't make up for the terrible service. Caf 28 is not a place I'll go out of my way to patronize again.
