***Alinea is truly a one-of-a-kind experience; while I enjoyed the food, Alinea works better as an "experience" rather than a "meal," which makes it (for me at least) one to go to once but maybe not one that I must seek out again*** Alinea is considered one of the best restaurants in the country. Alinea specializes in progressive cuisine (molecular gastronomy), but it one-ups similar places (like The Bazaar and Baume) by not only playing around with how the food is cooked (but also how the diner experiences it). Alinea has a set tasting menu with many courses and chef Grant Achatz shows incredible range by highlighting how he can put out fresh and vibrant Californian-like flavors (steelhead roe with watermelon, kaffir lime, cucumber blossom), classical flavor combinations with strong cooking technique (morels and hon shimeji mushrooms with cream and a red wine reduction), and creative interpretations on traditional dishes (like the peach, basil, burrata, balsamic, and almond plate, which combines the elements of a great salad, cheese plate and dessert all into one). There were other great things as well. There was dehydrated yuba (tofu skin) that was wrapped with shrimp, miso and sesame seeds. The crispy texture and flavor were both pleasing. Another great dish was their farm salad, which was also a clever presentation. There was a base of tomatoes (very fresh) and gazpacho (very tangy) that also came with goat cheese, carrot and red onion. The table's centerpiece (a herb and greens garden) was used for the salad as you snip desired herbs/greens and then mix into the salad. I wished though that they didn't alter the goat cheese. They must have freezed it or something to give it a different texture. Unfortunately, it wasn't really a texture improvement. It came across like cold goat cheese that had been in the cold part of the refrigerator too long and thus not in harmony with the other ingredients. Similar to the farm salad, the short rib pasta combined both a playful presentation as well as an interactive approach. You dress the pasta sheet yourself with the many ingredients provided (olives, garlic, blackberry, smoked salt). The flavors were strong and the beef was tender, juicy and savory. The meal could have used more meat though. They did this one dish called (agneau), which was very dainty portions of meat (lamb I think) that came with crispy potatoes and a rich sauce. The combination of ingredients produced a satisfying flavor, but the meat was dry (in addition to being very small). Unfortunately, it was the only other meat dish and it did not have the impact of other meat dishes I've had at similar restaurants. They did a lot of seafood dishes though and they were good. There was a nice scallop in a light broth as well as razor clams in XO sauce (a spicy-sweet-salty Asian sauce). There was some moist mackerel that was made very fragrant with the addition of juniper as well as a fritter of hamachi (made fragrant with a vanilla bean). A lot of the other items were small bites and all of them were at the very least good (with some of them standing out more than others). The black truffle explosion ravioli was good and flavorful (even if the pasta was a little too thick). I also liked their lemongrass shooter with gelee, dragronfruit, Thai basil, and lime. Pricing was high, but Alinea is a one-of-a-kind experience. Still, despite the many-many courses, I left a little bit hungry. The experience was very satisfying, but when just considering this as a meal, I did not leave Alinea as content as I did after my visits to Ria or Avenues. Service was incredibly professional and polite (as well as unbelievably meticulous with immediate recognition of diner needs), but it was a little too formal for my taste. The formal service here seemed consistent with other Chicago fine dining spots so it might just be a difference between West Coast dining and Chicago dining. The service also seemed a little too rehearsed for me. It probably guarantees a consistently excellent service experience, but I prefer waiters/waitresses/servers who can identify customer preferences and thus customize the experience for each diner (Baume, The Restaurant at Meadowood, and The Village Pub are great at accomplishing this). In the end, the service though is very strong and the food has a big wow factor. Alinea provided an experience unlike any I've ever had at a restaurant (or expect to have in the future). And this makes Alinea a must visit if you love food (and even worth a special trip to Chicago). But you should consider extending your trip because there is no shortage of very good restaurants in Chicago. Valet parking is available. Street parking also seems to be available.
