For an all-you-can-eat location where meat arrives on your plate like a magical faucet that can be turned on and off at your whim, it's disturbing for me to have to give an overall score so low for this place. I admit my only benchmark for Churrascaria is Fogo de Chao, which means I haven't yet been to Texas de Brazil. And as much as my gal Char will give me "I told you so"s for choosing to try here before trying Texas, let me just retort that if the reviews are right, going here third would have been a BIGGER disappointment. Because I am already disappointed with Brazzaz. 80% of my disappointment comes from their website and their robo-phone. I wanted to research the place, so I look to their website. I look through the list of meats, and found shrimp!! My favorite, in AYCE format? I'm in! (Also saw lobster, which the website says is a la carte. Meh.) The website also has a copyright of 2005, which speaks volumes. So I figure I should call them up and verify some information. Well, I dialed the number (during business hours) and after a 2-minute robo message going through options, it said for an operator, stay on the line. It then yelled "LET ME TRY THAT EXTENSION" and rang a few times, then dropped me back at the start of it all! I even tried a few options I didn't want just to get to a human. Same results. Well, the website also listed the salad bar as having calamari and crab salads, as well as "shrimp cocktail and fresh sushi". Good enough for me. We arrived and the disappointment began. Our server asked us if we'd been here before, and I honestly answered "No, but we've been to Churrscarias before" and her retort was "oh, so you've been to our competition?" Nice hostile banter, lady. I meant it as a "we understand the Meat Token method", but yes, we loved Fogo de Chao every time. So I said "yea, but we heard you guys have shrimp, so we had to try you out". Server: "Oh, our shrimp is only for dinner." Disappointed Aaron: "Oh. Well, we also read your salad bar has shrimp cocktail, so that'll do nicely anyway." Server: "Oh, I think they might have changed that." Too-Disappointed-to-Inquire-About-Sushi Aaron: "Dang." You'd think that to be serving a table with someone already initially disappointed and familiar with your competition would mean you should take EXTRA EFFORT to win them over in any way possible. But there was no "let me see what I can do for you" or anything like that. That was the end of the friendliness from our server who apparently deemed us a "lost cause". We hit the salad bar and of course there's no sushi. The closest I saw was a ceviche salad that had tilapia in it. Thanks for the lies, website. Fortunately, their one saving grace was the risotto, combined with the three-color tortellini in alfredo sauce as runner-up. And I'm wanting to award a bonus star just for those dishes... but that's NOT BRAZILIAN STEAKHOUSE. You lucked out with an awesome dish that is not the focal point of your establishment. Side dishes: Better garlic mashed potatoes than Fogo. Same cheesy roll things, which are delicious but kinda filling after 3 baskets. Failure with the fried banana. I love Fogo's caramelized sweet soft bananas. These are just breaded and fried bananas that are still tough and rather bland. And without fried polenta, the side dishes simply cannot compare. The MEAT: Well, the only real difference is adding pineapple to the mix. Tasty, but only once. Then it loses its appeal, and I feel sorry for the guy who gets stuck on Pineapple Duty for each service. The red meats were about equal, though aside from the charred outside, some of my cuts were not-hot on the inside. Like I worried if they hit the proper internal temperature. Oh, and one random standout was some pork crusted in Parmesan cheese. But there were so few options. It's like half of the menu listed on the website either didn't exist or was simply "not on the lunch menu" because we didn't see any ribs, no lamb-chops, and just a few beef dishes circulating around. So maybe my meal wouldn't have sucked so much if we'd gone for dinner instead - but I refuse to pay THAT MUCH just for eating at a different time of the day just because at some hour, all of the GOOD food is allowed to be cooked and served. Fogo de Chao has seemingly NO difference between lunch and dinner service - so if you want to compete as a Churrascaria, why don't you follow suit, Brazzaz? And while you're at it, hire someone to redesign your website and update it to be correct and warn people of all the things you refuse to serve them until 5pm at double the price. Last straw was my mentioning to the server (when I could flag her down) that it was my girl's birthday we were celebrating. Her response was - we don't do anything complimentary but I could bring a dessert tray by so she could pick a dessert and I'll write "Happy Birthday" on it. No thanks. Bye.
