Call me out of the loop, or perhaps just really down to earth, but I had been wondering what was going on with that boarded up store front on Damen just south of North Avenue for quite awhile. Turns out it's the speakeasy facade to the Violet Hour. I can't decide if the front is cheesy, or reveals that the owners and staff have a good sense of humor about their whole establishment. The funny thing to me is that there are probably people who loooove the "secrecy" of the place in the same spirit that back in 1992 I looooved the fact that you had to enter The Alley through an alley; it does add a certain amount of allure and cache. Just keep telling yourselves that. So I was here for Jason E.'s birthday party, and overall, I had a great time. We had two booths in the most private room of all, the one all the way in the back, shrouded by the most velvet curtains. I did adore the fact that this was a party that was essentially at a bar, and I didn't have to shout over a drone or worry about finding a place to sit down. It's also lovely that you cannot be on your cell phone while you are here. I appreciated the soundtrack, which began with Bob Dylan's "Blonde on Blonde" and had worked its way to 1940s hits by the time we left several hours later. I found all of the servers and doormen to be extremely cordial and helpful throughout the evening too. When I arrived, our server asked me what kind of liquor I preferred, and whether I wanted something sweet, sour, or refreshing. Based on my answers, "gin" and "refreshing," she returned with a Juliet and Romeo, which, with its initial punch of cucumber and citrus finish, was delicious. The miniature pitcher that accompanies the drink is really cute too. I was not as pleased with the Sidecar. Don't get me wrong, it was good. I just think that the California Clipper's are better. What is funny is that I had no problem paying $11 for the Violet Hour's Sidecar, and balked at the Clipper's larger $10 one with the sugared rim. At one point I ordered waffle fries with the shallot blue cheese sauce. I probably should have ordered the deviled eggs, which always receive top notch reviews. But for some reason the eggs just weren't calling to me. The fries were generously portioned, crispy, and well seasoned. I was disappointed with the blue cheese sauce. It was served cold. I guess I was expecting a hot, bubbly thick sauce to create an upscale version of Cheese Fries. This was more like roquefort dressing. sigh. On a side note, Yelper extraordinaire and emerging pastry chef Amy F. brought mini cupcakes to die for, especially the chocolate banana ones with the peanut butter butter cream. And, Coco Rouge whipped up a bourbon pear and chocolate 3-tiered cake, complete with ganache and 24-carat gold leafing. Can we see a new business in Coco Rouge's future? More importantly, can we make sure Amy F. becomes the super star she deserves to be? Overall, I like the Violet Hour. I would definitely return with 6-8 friends for a night of good conversation. Would I stand in line? No way. And I will never, ever sit in one of those ridiculous Mad Hatter Tea Party chairs!
