You spin me right round baby, right round. Like a record baby Get it? Spin, round like a record, revolution... Ah whatevs. It was clever dammit! Anywho, strolled in with my sis around noon last Saturday for a pre shopping power lunch. There was no wait (score!) and we got to sit in of the upstairs booths. That was the perfect spot to take in the scene. The bar is super cool looking, held up at the four corners by the 'revolution fists'. Nice amount of tables and booths downstairs, as well as a few cocktail tables. Also, what looks like maybe a loungy area complete with a gas fireplace. Our server was really friendly, and full of suggestions. I took him up on the Anti Hero IPA which was really nice. A hint of fruit came through quite nicely. The sis went with the Cross of Gold, also nice. We, of course, started with the bacon fat popcorn. Super tasty. I loved how the finely shredded parmesan kind of melted over the kernels. Who needs butter when you've got such a buttery, salty cheese in it's place? Topped with fried sage, yum. My sister had the mustard herb chicken sandwich. I gotta admit, I really wanted her to get a burger so I could try that. I really only want chicken when its southern fried and served with mac n cheese*. But this grilled chicken breast was amped up with peppery arugula, sweet roasted garlic, and possibly the best melting cheese ever**, fontina. All the flavors totally helped that poor, non fried chicken. I went with the duck confit pizza. The crust was thin and crispy. The sauce was amazing. Not too sweet. Thin enough to let the other toppings shine, which they did. Paper thin slices of red onion, melty gorgonzola, rich duck, and pistachios. Who knew how much I'd love those lightly salted nuts on my pizza? (insert dirty joke here) My only complaint is MORE DUCK! But honestly, they could put the entire whole duck on top of that pizza and it wouldn't be enough for me. All in all, a great meal with excellent service. I will definitely be back. However, I'm going for an early lunch or after it loses it's 'newness'. I just can't wait that long for my grub. *Except for Pollo Express in Pilsen. That shiz is off the chain! **We all know that Velveeta is the best melting cheese ever, but no one wants that on their chicken sandwich.
