I finally did it. I took the plunge. After years of walking past this place and getting scared and uncomfortable at a long line that leads to nowhere, I decided it was high time I suck it up and see what all the fuss was about. I mean, a bar with no windows, no hats, no sneakers, no plaid shorts, no popped collars (on purpose), no standing room and no Budweiser must be all right, right? Well, the short answer is yes and one no. The no first: the absurd line waiting. While it does create a sense of super cool entitlement and class to those that finally part the curtains to the world beyond, the waiting is both boring and awful, putting the very definition of patience to the test. When you finally make it into the doorway, you're placed in a small room fit for cramping and couples slowly pushing their way past you in an attempt to taste the sweet air of VH before you (this happened to me twice - where has all the human decency gone?) That being said, the bouncer was totally baller in recognizing the order in which people entered the doorway so as to thwart possible line-jumping jerk-offs. The rest of the staff was also very cordial and inviting once finally we took our seats at the Tim Burton-esque tables. The menu of drinks is awesome; arranged first by type of alcohol, then by potency. Regardless of where it lies on the list, every one of those drinks is sure to hand you three sheets you can prepare to toss to the wind. And the interesting selections will most certainly cater to any guest you might take here - friend, significant other, person you just met on the street, girl you're trying to date but just wants to be friends, friends of friends - basically anyone. While admittedly the service was quite slow, I wasn't as concerned about getting my drinks quickly after a one hour wait (which I have heard is actually on the lighter side.) Once you're in, it kind of feels nice to just sit and relax. It's such an effort making it through the doors, you might as well take a second to stop and enjoy life. And THEN drink heavily. Plus, in this case the slower service might actually work to your advantage, giving you time to assess how that drink you just inhaled affects your motor skills. Well played Violet Hour. Well played.
