A Funny Story (GOSSIP ALERT!) But on the books, this is a review about management and service. With visitors from California in tow, we went for the famous "Churros and Hot Chocolate" for dessert. We saw the churros under the heating lamp from outside, and our mouths were WATERING. But wait, it's kind of late, are they still open? Did we wander too long trying to find this place? It was 10:35PM on Saturday night and the doors were... open! Yay! We made it in time! There were orders still not yet filled, dishes were still coming out, and there were patrons who appeared not to have even ordered yet! How lucky were we? A man (presumably one of the hosts or managers), beelined to our cheerful group and said swiftly, "We're closed! Sorry!" We cried, "What? Oh, but we just want the churros, we don't even have to be seated, we can take it to-go..." "We don't have anymore churros." But here's the thing, we just saw a mound of them under the heating lamp from outside, right above the huge sign that says, CHURROS. So we say, "Yes, you have churros, we just saw them. Can we just get those to-go?" He says he'll check, and he's a nice enough guy, there were girls in our group pleading with him that they were from California, heard about the churros, please oh please in the way that girls bat their eyelashes, etc., so he at least appeared like he would try, and later came back saying he might be able to do something, but the hot chocolate was unlikely. NOTE: one of the cooks was giving this guy STINK EYE the whole time. I guess he didn't care about the girls and their eyelashes and California and all that. He wanted to go home OR maybe there was a principle that needed to be upheld, one that exists between hosts and cooks (I'm guessing). So next thing we know a woman comes up to us (presumably the real manager/hostess, or one who is more man enough than the last), and tells us they can't help us. "But we only want the churros..." "We can't help you, we closed at 10. But you can go next door, they're open." "Oh, great, they have churros?" "No." ... We just kind of look at her and squeak out, "But we only want churros..." "Sorry, we're closed." So we leave. And hope they will lock the doors behind us like they should have at 10. So we go out by the big pile of churros under the heating lamp and take the "Came all the way from California and was denied churros" photograph. We start laughing and talking and trying to think of other places to go. We do that for about 10-15 minutes, just standing out in front of the CHURROS sign on the glass... THEN (here's the kicker!), we watch one of the workers in one of the dark XOCO t-shirts get a TO-GO box and dump a ton of churros into it with a little thing of (I'm assuming) a to-go dipping sauce (chocolate?). We're suspicious, but we think, well, I guess one of the legitimate patrons ordered it, another one bites the dust... But no. She boxes it up and appears to HIDE it in one of the under-shelves! What?! Did she just do that? Is she saving it for herself, just in case the last of the patrons buy up the rest and she can't have any for herself to take home at the end of her shift? What's going on? Are the churros so good that the workers themselves need to hide them away so they aren't wasted on paying customers? And more importantly, if you work there, aren't you sick of churros by now? I mean, C'MON, they're friggin' CHURROS! CHURROS, people! Has Rick Bayless made a genius move by cornering the churros-for-rich-people market in Chicago? I'm beginning to think so. So even though the "spirit" of Mexican street food (the notion that vendors want to sell their food) was not embraced in its management or service (are they annoyed with their overwhelming success?), I'm going to guess that these particular churros are out of this world amazing. They HAVE to be? Right? If the workers don't get sick of them and hide them away, they MUST be. Right? Oh, yeah, and there it is, THERE IT IS! I post this review and what's pictured? A picture of the famous churros with hot chocolate, the very dish we were denied. Of course! OF COURSE!
