I've been to Tru one time before my birthday dinner this year. It was last year's birthday dinner, too, and the beginning of my exciting culinary exploration of the city of Chicago that I joyfully admit, now consumes much of my time, thoughts and stomach capacity. It was there that I first discovered that Chicago wasn't messin' around; it is, in fact, pretty darn serious about its food scene. And I have to admit, I was shocked. My first impression of Chicago's restaurants was not one of diversity, quality or excitement. Initially, I noticed mostly the blatant cheesiness of "Eggsperience," "The Rainforest Cafe," and "Weber Grill Restaurant". Thank God that was only on the surface! It does take a little, but not too much, digging to discover a bounty of deliciousness: from cheap eats to splurge worthy in categories ranging from authentic ethnic cuisines to burgers and pizza and everything in between. So, it all started here at Tru where fine dining is truly (no pun intended) realized. The space is elegant yet very modern, almost to the point of being a bit cold. The massive walls are minimally decorated and the lack of music makes the room feel even more spacious and void. The service helps warm the air, if only a little, once it's understood that one's nose is not pointed toward the ceiling but rather directly into the plate. But that's not to say that it becomes anything less than professional. Oh, no! The synchronicity never faltered, a mark never missed and explanations never less than thorough. I'd go so far as to call it impeccable. Of course we chose the "Chef's Collection Menu" for a grand total of 13, yes 13, courses. They call it 9 but then they sneak in a bunch of extras. Fine by me. Can anyone say "hog heaven"? Yes, that's were I was. Here's was 13 courses at Tru looked like on June 1st, 2011: It began with these tiny little bites: Comte' cheese gougre. You know you're in for a treat when a simple little savory puff is just so right. Light, eggy, toasty, barely cheesy and salty. How can something so simple to be so good? The Mussel Velout was the second surprise amuse bouche. This light, faintly mussel flavored soup had a cucumber gele base and a lemony cucumber salad with tiny edible flowers. Its gentile complexity was a nice wake up call for the palate. Our first official course was the White Sturgeon "Caviar" with a layer of creamy avocado and crispy hazelnut crackers. Just know that I want to use explicit language to convey how good this is, but I can't. I remember it as incredible from last year as well. It's one of their signature items. What's interesting is that it's really not caviar at all. It's the fish itself, smoked, then pureed, then submerged, drop by drop, into liquid nitrogen. The result is creamy, soft little beads of heavenly flavor. Spread on a house made cracker with a mother of pearl caviar spoon, it feels just as luxurious as the real thing. Trust me. The next course was Suspended Foie Gras with pineapple, mango & balsamic dots, and pecan tuille. After much debate and careful tasting, we decided that this wasn't our favorite dish. The foie was lighter and almost spongy with a more delicate version of foie flavor and a faint, unidentifiable aftertaste. It seemed as if foie gras's best qualities were taken away. I mean, isn't it the dense, smooth, creaminess that melts in your mouth and the full, fatty flavor that makes this guilty pleasure so worth it? It is for me. This version was just about the antithesis of those things. Meanwhile, the pineapple was sweet and too powerful, masking the diluted flavor of the liver. The mango wasn't necessary since the over all flavor combo was already too sweet and the vinegar wasn't present enough to do anything about that. The tuille was good on its own but didn't help the cohesiveness of the dish. In all, kinda disappointing. But fear not! There is still plenty of wonderful flavors to come including the "inside of an English pea soup" with lavender. At this point I had to ask our captain if there was a new chef in the kitchen. I didn't remember there being this much molecular gastronomy in play last year. Well, the answer was "No" but he had, in fact, acquired a new toy: liquid nitrogen. So the peas on this plate are not actually peas but pea puree manipulated to look like halved peas. Hmmm... And the flecks of silver are actually flecks of silver. I've heard of eating gold leaf, but not silver. Well, I guess you can because I'm alive and well to tell about it! The best part of the pea soup, however, was the tiny bits of smoky bacon that burst in your mouth with flavor. That, and the very flavorful soup itself. Go figure... the tastiest stuff was the actual food. Next up was the Dashi Flan with edamame, white sturgeon caviar (for real this time) and yuzu kosho. Um, what? I was a little .....
