Wife and I just tried this place lately, only because of a "$25-off-for-$40-spent" offer I purchased. Its location was only a bit remote for us, street parking was easy, our welcome was nice and the place was largely empty on a Friday night. Our waiter, Daniel, was pleasant and attentive. Decor was, well, "corny Romanian" with lightboxes of "Vlad the Impaler" and such, but the menu looked OK and, well, we were there. Menu prices were a bit high. We both grew up with some of such grub and had just returned from driving through Hungary. A violin and guitar duo was pleasant. We each had a glass of wine; both small and untasty. Wife ordered the "Mititei" appetizer of little, grilled sausauges which she barely touched, feeling them to be rancid-tasting. We should have split a salad and gone for a nice, import beer. She also had the stuffed cabbages--pale and tasteless; nothing like the good ones we had both grown up with and had eaten in Europe. Skip them both. I chose the Romanian Skirt Steak in medium-rare, a dish I've enjoyed elsewhere, which seemed OK to me, smallish but tender and juicy; but wife felt that mine, too, tasted a bit rancid. I was hungry and ate it anyway, but I got her point: one can do a lot with seasoning. This, to me, was basically a 2-3-star "tourist trap" surviving on promotions incl. limo rides, but dropped one, big notch when the bill came. Our waiter had added his own tip onto the undiscounted price (which is how I would have figured it anyway) and placed it onto my bill and my credit card draft. We in Chicago don't treat our public that way except for groups of six or more. Luckily, I caught that, let him have what he'd given himself, but nothing more.  At bottom, I think that this is a trap for the unwary who don't know the cuisine or read the bill. Many of its reviews look far too positive. A far better restaurant in somewhat similar style (Czech/Bohemian) would be "Restaurant Klas" in Berwyn for those willing to drive there. I would not return here and would not recommend it to others.
