I loved the food!!! For drinks, I got the fresh squeezed lime juice, with 7 up and sugar. J got the iced coffee with condensed milk. We got the spring rolls with shrimp and pork and they were good and fresh. We both got the HUGE bowl of special beef pho. It was amazing! I don't really like the whole communal seating. I don't want people I don't know to sit right next to me slurping away at their bowls of pho. I don't know you, I don't want to sit right next to you, see and hear you eat and hear your conversation.  The reason why I am only giving 2 stars was my server. He ruined the first time experience- so much that I ALMOST don't want to go there- note I said ALMOST, the pho is so great I will go back, just with a different server. It was my first time and was wondering why they were all wearing military camo shirts- DUH its called Tank Noodles!  The server we had was just wearing jeans and a t-shirt, so I don't think it was a server- I hope to god it was not the manager! So I got there to wait and J was parking the car. The server looked annoyed that I was not ready to order immediately after I sat down and pissed that I was waiting for J. We usually get the same thing at all vietnamese places, so it wasn't hard to order when J got there 2 mins later. The food was great. We finished our specialty drinks quickly and our waters were empty. The "server" was no where to be found. We got our pho but they did not clear our dishes from the spring rolls. Since it was communal seating, there was no room for drinks, water, plates, and huge bowl of pho. We finally flagged down our sever to get water refills and a second round of drinks. Someone else gave it to us.  After that, we never saw the server- he didn't even come back to check to see if the entrees were good. He never came back to see if we needed more to drink (we needed more water). Then we finished and sat around for 10 mins waiting for him. He then came down and sat at the table next to us doing some paperwork! We waved at him, he looked RIGHT AT J and looked back down. I finally got his attention to say that we needed our check and he said ok, and continued to do paperwork! He didn't even clear our dishes, we flagged down the bus boy to clear it out of our way. He then got up and disappeared. We flagged down another server and told her that we needed our check. She apparently did not understand or did not care because she said yes, and just walked over to her tables to serve some more! The guy FINALLY showed up with the bill (over 30 mins after we finished, close to 20 mins after we first asked him for the bill). We gave him a credit card right away and he ran it immediately (PLUS FOR THAT). But then when he presented J with the credit card receipt, he hovered over him to pressure him to sign it and peered over to see if we left him a tip! WTF? He took it immediately after that. Seemed that he was more interested in his tip rather than giving us good service. J was nice, still left him over 20%- he was a server and bartender. But I believe that you don't automatically deserve 25%, you need to earn it! Overall- the food was great, service was horrible!
