"It is better to be beautiful than good. People are either charming or tedious." - the namesake That quotation applies to restaurants. I prefer style over substance, form over function, glitter to gold, hyperbolic cliches to dry facts... Regardless, I'll get down to brass tacks. And keep it brief since my last review rivaled a Ken Burns documentary transcript. My partner said, "If I had a house...and spent time and money to decorate it... I'd want it to look like this." I agree. It's certainly secksy. The dim lights, candles, dark wood with molding, stained glass Tiffany dome ceilings, two fireplaces, bookshelves, and cozy, plush leather booths were gorgeous! Totally relaxing and sultry. He ordered some obscure import beer he liked. I ordered Irish coffee that was yummy. It tasted like it was made with expresso. We went against our instincts for dinner. He loves burgers like a goodlooking version of Jughead from Archie comics and Ruebens are my sandwich steady. Yet, he chose the Rib entree and I got the Bison Burger. I never had it so asked suggestions on cooking to which he and the waiter guided me to order as medium rare. When I did they nodded thoughtfully and said I made the right choice. He shared his Ribs with me. The meat fell off the bone but really didn't seem that impressive. But they tasted good and of a nice quality. I tried one of his sweet potato fries. Again, ok and satisfying. However, maybe if they sprinkled them with cinnamon or brown sugar they'd have more pizzaz. My bison burger came with mozzarella, hickory smoked bacon, mixed greens, and fresh herb aioli on a toasted pretzel bun. Neither of us were that impressed. The shining stars of the sandwich were the hickory smoked bacon and pretzel bun. I feel the burger might have tasted better if I swapped out the mixed greens for some grilled onions. In fact, the sandwich could have been better if it was the pretzel roll grilled with mixed cheeses, a few pieces of that yummy hickory bacon, maybe some grilled onions, and maybe tomato. My side was the mashed potatoes which had an uneven consistency, some of it was thin some had chunks of potato. He also got Cole slaw which he said was typical. We both were extremely pleased with the decor and service. We will return, just order something different. And we're confident it'll be both beautiful and good; substantive and stylish.
