Arrived in Chicago fairly late and found that The Purple Pig opens till 2am so we rushed there around 1am to grab a bite. We wanted really savory dishes and The Purple Pig was the perfect place. Since it's a tapas style restaurant, it's a good idea to get a bunch of plates to share among each other. In the end, we decided to go with the following dishes: + Calamari with fregola, radishes, cucumber, pistachio - light & refreshing + Prosciutto Bread Balls - we thought it was a fried bread ball wrapped with prosciutto, but it's more like the bread ball is stuffed with a salty prosciutto mix + Roasted Bone Marrow with Herbs - ahhhhh roasted fatty bone marrow then smeared on a super buttery toast, add some mircogreens & marinated onions, sprinkle a bit of the sea salt, and sent your taste buds into heaven. + Jamon Serrano with Oyster Mushrooms & Fried Egg over Grilled Bread - what part of that doesn't sound good? Did wish the egg was more runny so it can just flow over the dish. + Milk Braised Pork Shoulder with Mashed Potatoes - amazingly tender pork shoulder that's covered in gravy. Must be eaten together with the mashed potatoes. Everything tasted delicious, and it the end, the group decided that the bone marrow was the best. When you see the two big pieces of bone somehow glistening in a dimly lit place, how can you not be excited? I liked how the salt was provided on the side so you can decide how salty you want it.  Definitely a good idea to get around 2 plates per person if you're really hungry but for tapas, the portions aren't bad. A nice selection of reds & whites, but it felt like a beer sort of night so decided to go with the . 10.5% ABV? Yesss but surprisingly, it was smooth, had a nice sweet taste to it also! They have lots of European beers on draft, and they serve each in their own distinctive glasses, which is a plus. The place itself is nicely decorated with lots of wood everywhere. There's even an outdoor seating area for those warmer nights. Bar counter was full with people just having a glass of wine and a plate or two to snack with. Service wasn't bad, except our server sounded like he had checked out a bit already.  Our savory food craving was definitely satisfied by the end of the meal. Everything can get a little bit pricey since it slowly adds up but Purple Pig is definitely worth a try.
