Wow. Just wow. Seriously, that's all I could think of as I was eating the beautiful creation in front of us. The pizza is just... awesomeness. I've had good deep dish and one of my favorite restaurant in LA has a great deep dish, so I had really high expectations going in to Pequod's. We were able to make a reservation for 7:30pm on a Saturday night and right when you get in, you can tell Pequod's the sort of neighborhood spot where on weekdays locals will come and watch them game while grabbing a bite and drinks. The whole feel of the place is that even though Pequod's can be filled with tourists (like me), it is still a local spot, which I like. After a long hard look, decided to go with the deep dish with sausage, pepperoni, spinach, mushroom, garlic, and fresh basil. First of all, that caramelized cheese crust, which gives the edges of the pizza a darkened crust, is just fantastic. That crunchy crust is straight up addicting. Forget all the stuffed crust and the whatever-crust-Pizza-Hut is coming out with now. The cast iron pan is super well-seasoned, which differentiate the thick crust from being just bread. As for the toppings, it's all to everyone's own personal choice but we loved the sausages. Great huge chunks of sausage that goes so well with the delicious sauces and cheese. We liked how there was lots of sauce, and you even have the option of going extra on the sauces! The pepperoni was good and there's lots of it underneath all the cheese. Definitely try to add some veggies though cause, especially spinach cause it fits perfectly. Also helps to serve to refresh your palate mid-bite :P The pizza did take awhile, so we decided to get an order of onion rings. Just your typical onion rings, served with BBQ sauce. They also have a pretty good selection of beers on draft. Decided to go with a local brew and the Goose Island 312 is a nice beer with the pizza since it has a nice citrus note. Good change. The pizza did take awhile but trust, definitely worth the wait. Is it the best deep dish? It may just be. All I can say that by completely stuffing myself after 2 and a half slices of the large and 2 beers, I still want more. In fact, I was feeling sad knowing that as soon as I leave Chi-Town, I wouldn't be able to have it anymore. Sigh. Do they ship?
