I consider myself a bit of a "foodie" so I'm always excited to have an opportunity to patronize places like Fox & Obel when I happen to be in the area, which isn't often. I wandered in for lunch the other day and ordered the quiche Lorraine at the counter, then found myself a table. After waiting 15 min for my meal (it's a cafe with counter service, not a table-service place) I received a TINY wedge of burnt (as in black on the bottom and edges) quiche with about 5 slices of Roma tomato on a plate. That's it. All I could think was "$8.99 for THIS??? And who in their right mind would actually serve THIS?". I walked it back to the counter and asked if I could have something else, that I would happily pay the difference. I opted this time for something they wouldn't have to cook/heat: a blue brie roast beef sandwich. 10 minutes later I received the sandwich which looked OK...then I took a bite. I don't think I have EVER seen roast beef of such poor quality - even at Arby's. It was GRAY, and flavorless...just nasty. By this point I was running out of time and still hungry so I doused half the sandwich with salt & pepper, ate half the half and left the rest. While the food quality I experienced here is easily 1-star, the service was stellar. The food-runner (I think her name was Lauren) was incredibly gracious and apologetic about my experience and, despite my protestations, insisted on giving me my $ back (a sizable portion of which I chose to tip her with). The great service here is likely the only thing that will get me to give this place another try when I'm in the area again in 2 weeks. As far as the market, I LOVE all the gourmet and imported selections F&O offer, but was incredibly bummed that they didn't have the truffle salt I've been looking for. The empty space on the rack where it should be told me they carried just one kind, but they were out. For a place that offers 2 dozen different types of olive oil, a dozen different type of balsamic vinegar and all sorts of other exotic and expensive spices, you'd think they'd offer a selection of truffle salts. Fox & Obel, what a disappointment!
