This review is somewhat tempered by the fact that we got a good deal for the place, and the staff and service were mostly fine. I thought the lobby was interesting, although it takes a minute to even find the check in desk which seems apologetically superfluous to its main function, which is to double as an uber-contemporary lounge for the European twenty-something guests. You then enter the elevator under a flood of black light and Euro trance hits bumping through the speakers...at all times of day and night. I felt really sorry for the people's doors that are across from the elevators on each floor. Finally, the rooms are small to medium sized, as if you were in New York and not Chicago. Mattress was not so comfortable. The bathroom and shower were both nice and clean. The snack bar was dumped out over the shelves so the $8 Fiji water and accompanying organic snack bar stared at you in the face the entire time. A loud, clanging sound went off intermittently throughout the night whenever the air conditioning transitioned itself from one setting to another. It's a good thing I only needed to sleep one night of the two I was there. Otherwise it would have been miserable. On the bonus side we did get to interact with a famous and unfriendly hip hop star when our elevator stopped on his floor. So there's that. What I found most odd was that the hotel seems clearly suited for business travelers who need to be near the corporate offices in the area, but I really can't imagine most business travelers enjoying the place based on the above details and others (they had USA Today in the lobby, for example).  Summary: This hotel seems both pretentious and completely misguided for the area. I feel like these sorts of hotels might impress people who don't get to experience big cities very often but it just seemed tacky and dated to me, like a Puff Daddy music video, circa 2002. Not good for business travelers, not good for families with kids, not good for older folks. Good for European 20 somethings and perhaps the odd bachelor party, if they don't mind taking a cab to a part of the city that is alive at night. If not, they could always hang out in the elevator.
