Typical diner fair, but instead of the food being made with chickens, pigs and cows, it instead comes from helpless soys, seitans and tofurkys. And sometimes actual vegetables. The food is for the most part good, sometimes really good, but is overpriced. I've been here a few times and always like the food, but the prices (and frequently the wait times for a table) are almost always sure to keep me away for the next year or so, sending me to Veggie Bite when I want a vegetarian version of a fast food sandwich. Because this is a vegetarian restaurant, they have real eggs, cheese and other dairy in some of the items, which is awesome. Especially when that cheese is all over fake chorizo nachos. Mmmm....seitanrizo....The sweet potato fries are delicious. I had a spicy cocoa cupcake with cinnamon frosting and a margarita flavored cake with lime frosting - both were delicious and would happify anyone, but I dislike that the cakes were served cold instead of being brought to room temperature first, cause cold frosting sucks. Portions of what I got were tiny, but I saw some massive platters of food going to other people, so I'd have to say that portions are somewhat inconsistent. But veggie or not veggie, diner food is meant to be served in ginormous sizes meant for glutenous overindulgence. But the prices, oy! My veg inclined friends are always telling me how much money I could save by not eating meat - they must not eat here all the time. Vegetarian food - especially sandwiches - should not cost more than meat versions, unless truffles are involved. Good truffles, too. Or maybe unless vegetables from other parts of the world that had to be imported are involved. Maybe. 10 chips, a dollop of salsa and a little glop of guacamole? Like $9 with one refill of chips. They have a children's menu (yea!) but charged me $4 for an tiny apple juice for a 2-year-old (boooo!). Veggie enchiladas for $11? I could see the $5 for the (yummy) sweet potato fries, if only the portion was not like as if it was a part of the kids' menu - you should never be able to count the fries on your plate. I want that number un-fricking-countable. The bill for four people was almost $100 - and two of us only shared veggie nachos, fries and cake... That is not what I'm talking about for diner food - that's my freaking grocery bill. I guess I want more than diner ambiance for those kind of prices. When I go back again, I'm going to be absolutely sure to go before 3:30 pm on a Sunday for brunch - the prices looked to be 25-50% lower than the lunch/dinner menu. And I like their breakfast food better anyway.
