This particular excursion took place on December 19th, 2011. My family and I were eating breakfast here at the Chicago Diner the day prior, when I saw a picture of a yummy sandwich that I really wanted to order. I was going to order it immediately after breakfast (because I'm a fat ass), but decided to wait. The sandwich is called the Texas Mushroom Melt. It consists of a monstrous stack of Texas toast, beefy seitan/veggie patty, melted 'cheeze' topped with vegan horseradish mayo & garlic sauteed mushrooms + onions, and is served with a side item & dill pickle. I also added Upton's seitan bacon to it as well. I mean, you gotta go all out when you eat out. Am I right? For a side, I did the sweet potato fries. I also told them to throw in a side of macaroni and 'cheeze,' and to top it off, my girlfriend and I split some buffalo wings and a slice of Cocoa Mousse Cake. A pretty righteous meal if I may say so.     The sweet potato fries were tasty. Crispy and satisfying. I enjoy a decent amount of seasoning on my fries for optimal pleasure, so the only criticism I have is exactly that. A little more flavor couldn't hurt. Maybe something simple... a little mixture of salt, pepper, garlic, cajun, and nutritional yeast usually does the trick. But then, I suppose they'd be called seasoned sweet potato fries.      The sandwich was all it was cracked up to be! The Texas toast was awesome and toasted to perfection. Wasn't soggy from the sauce, yet wasn't too dry like a lot of bread can be. Onions were tasty too. The burger was a slight bit softer than I'd have preferred, but the taste was great. The extra seitan bacon that I had added made it even more delicious. It didn't overpower the sandwich at all, which is what I was semi worried about. Overall, a nice blend of flavors. The mushrooms and the horseradish sauce made the sandwich outstanding though. I'm a sucker for a delicious sauce... especially when it is blended well with melted 'cheeze.' With the mushrooms sauteed to perfection, I was highly pleased! Also, it is always nice to throw a pickle into the mix too. It's a perfect palate pleaser after every few bites of a good sandwich. Makes the meal (no matter how good the sandwich is) a little less monotonous.     One of my favorite foods is macaroni and 'cheeze.' If it is available to order somewhere, I will order it! I've had this dish numerous times at the Chicago Diner, and, unfortunately, I am less than impressed. The first time I had it, I was in love! Perfect in almost every way. A little sweet, a little savory, not too dry, with the perfect flavor. But every time after my first encounter, it was less than par. I still enjoy it, but I guess I was just spoiled by my first experience. This past time, it was kind of hard on the outside. Maybe it was sitting around for a while before it was reheated? Not sure. Also... it had an aftertaste that I wasn't happy with. Made me not want to finish it, which I didn't. But, that may have been because I was extremely full too. I like it overall, but it's kind of hit or miss.     The buffalo wings were exquisite! A crispy seitan treat covered with a nicely flavored, spicy buffalo sauce. The key here is that they were crispy, which made them not just good... but great! They can also be done with a barbecue sauce too if you're not into spicy food. Now... many times, I prefer tofu to seitan for buffalo wings, but these were different from other seitan wings I've eaten. Much better than the competitor's wings I've tasted. There was also ranch dressing to dip them in. It's often times tough to produce an amazing vegan ranch dressing. Sometimes it comes out semi runny with a sub par flavor. But the Chicago Diner has nailed it! With added carrot strings and celery, it makes for the perfect appetizer. My only complaint... I wish there were more wings on the plate! Make sure you order your own!     To prove to you all that I am indeed fat (okay, I don't LOOK fat, but I can certainly act like it sometimes), I split a slice of cocoa mousse cake with my girlfriend. I was disappointed at first, when they informed me that they were all out of the peanut butter chocolate cake. That's what we had initially wanted! But they hooked us up and drizzled peanut butter sauce over the cocoa mousse cake and it was pretty intense. Not dry at all like many other cakes can be, but the cake part was a slight bit harder than expected. The mousse part of the cake practically melted in my mouth. It was served cold, which I didn't mind, but others might... so keep that in mind. It was insanely rich, so be prepared if you order this!     Because I'm running out of space, let me just say that the service is excellent, the food is yummy, and I will be returning for more soon!Rating:Buffalo Wings - 9/10Macaroni and 'Cheeze' - 5/10Sweet Potato Fries - 7.5/10Texas Mushroom Melt - 8.5/10Cocoa Mousse Cake - 8/10
