(Just to preface this, I registered for Yelp just to write this review) We arrived at Victor Hotel shortly after doors opened (around 9:15 - 9:30pm) for their NYE party. There was a good sized line outside, but it couldn't have been more than 100 or so actually outside. We assumed we'd be in line for about 20 - 30 minutes top before we'd get in. Boy, were we wrong. We spent the first 20 minutes in line, only to find out that we actually had to pick up our tickets from another gentleman towards the front of the line. So we got out of line, made our way to the front, got our tickets, and got back in line towards the back. Some time passes and now it's about 10:30pm, and those of us in line are now becoming impatient. We've been in line for over an hour now, and the line doesn't seem to be moving. Finally, one of the gentleman managing the line informs us Victor Hotel will refund our tickets if we decide to leave and bring our tickets back the next day. I was willing to do this but our group had already spent quite a bit of time and money getting there (I'd spent $20 on cab fare just to get there and would have to do the same thing if I decided to come back for a refund the next day), so our group decided to wait it out in hopes we'd get in soon and start to enjoy our night. It began to rain...but we still waited it out since one of the employees informed us we'd be in within 15 - 20 minutes. 30 minutes later, we were finally in getting our coats checked. It's 11:00pm by now. I learned that they had one single person giving out tickets for coat check, and maybe another couple people actually hanging coats. That's right, for the hundreds and hundreds of people in attendance, they had only a few people managing the coat check process which was easily the biggest reason for the slow moving line. We make it into the main part of the club only to find a sea of people we'd have to wade through to get a drink. We found a small spot and decided to park it there and try to get drinks. That didn't happen. We waited another half hour before my girlfriend and I decided we'd had enough. We left at 11:30pm, after waiting in line for over an hour in the rain, waiting for a single drink another half hour, never receiving a single refreshment. We raced home in a cab hoping to get to Dominick's before it closed in order to get drink we had sought after the whole night. I got out of Dominick's at 11:59pm, just in time to celebrate the New Years with my girlfriend. We kissed in the parking lot of Dominick's, watching the fireworks being set off in the distance. Although not ideal, I was at least with the person I wanted to be with that night. ---- Here comes part 2. I thought I was done dealing with these folks, but I was wrong. I started receiving text messages from these guys a couple weeks later telling me to come back for specials. Needless to say, I was infuriated. I hadn't opted into any SMS communications, not to mention the messages they sent didn't include any instructions for opting out of this marketing bullshit. I searched around and found the service they were using to send out these messages (http://texthub.com/) and found the tiny little link in their footer allowed you to opt out of their messages. To be frank, this type of communication is illegal (as I did not opt-in knowingly) and they provided no method for unsubscribing to the messages via SMS (as outlined by the CAN-SPAM act). Stay away from this place. At all costs. Far away.
