Great experience. Went there a recent week night with a Groupon. I went for an early dinner (6:00) and made reservations. I didn't need them at that time but, and the restaurant never got crowded enough to need reservations, but overall crowded for a weeknight. Based on someone else's recommendation, I requested a booth, which wasn't a problem. I would recommend a booth, which is much more intimate than the tables, which were close together. The restaurant definitely earned it recent spot in a list I saw of Chicago's most romantic restaurants. The lighting is dark and there is romantic music playing. We ordered the 4 course meal. The waitress pointed out that we did have to order the same items so I would recommend ordering different things and sharing. The salad was standard. Then we got the cheese fondue which was great. We used all of our bread and the waitress asked if we wanted more. We used the additional bread to scoop up any remaining cheese in the bowl. Next for the main course, we got a good portion of meat and variety of vegetables. The waitress gave us great instructions on how to cook everything. It was served with 8 sauces which we equally amazing. Last course was the chocolate fondue with a good variety of things to dip in it. Overall it was a great experience. It was my first time going to a fondue restaurant and didn't realize the commitment it takes to keep track of the different items and different cooking times. Therefore, while it is a romantic setting I wouldn't recommend it for a first date or some other event where you want to give the bulk of your attention. Also, the prices were a little high for the amount/quality of food you get. I think both of this issues apply more to fondue restaurants in general though than then particular place. With the groupon, it was a great experience and decent value, but if I would have trouble paying full price. However, if you enjoy fondue or are looking to try it for the first time. I would definitely recommend it.
