This little Piggy went to Fulton Market... I am one big food whore. And last week, I got porked. Hard. Oh, Publican. I've been longing to experience you for so long, and I didn't even know what you had in store. This place was all the rage on Yelp and beyond, so it mattered not what was on the menu -- I had to try it. But I couldn't afford it myself, so naturally I had to wait until a date suggested we try it. Glorious, that worked out for me. (God, I really AM a food whore.) When I found out the menu featured beer, shellfish and pork, I was actually a little nervous. Three things I know next to nothing about and rarely seek out on my own. But I went with a capable companion who was practically a pro. We skipped the oysters and seafood entirely, so we could focus on the main event: oink, oink, oink. (Note: If you're vegan, what the HELL are you doing within five blocks of Publican? Get a clue and go to Handlebar or something.) We had the "pickles," which date liked best but I found a bit revolting, a platter of three different hams, a pork shoulder and chorizo stew, sauteed ramps with mint and walnuts, and a beet salad that was beets and aioli. Andthatsit. From the crusty bread and fabulous butter that started the meal to the last bite of beet, the food was nice, with great flavor. (Another note: If you don't like salt, run away. Now. I'd personally eaten a Lean Cuisine at lunch and was just getting started with my sodium intake.) We also had a big bottle of beer -- inhumanly large, really; only wine should come in containers that big -- that went nicely with everything we ate. But I could have been drinking anything and thought it paired well. So. Overall, I did enjoy the Publican for the experience. The decor took barnyard chic to a new level; I found the "booths" along the restaurant's perimeter especially entertaining (the tops of the patrons' heads were BARELY visible over their stable-door confines). And there were paintings of abnormally large hogs adorning the walls. You can read any number of other reviews for more insight on the interior. My biggest beef (er, pork?) with the Publican: the crowd. I say this with as much love as I can muster, but the place seemed full of trend whores. And not in the charming, curious way that I am (though I may be biased). I didn't feel cool enough to be at Publican. The high-top tables, corral-style booths and long, communal tables were all filled with incredibly fashionable, incredibly loud people. They were jovial and obnoxious and, though they waved at me from down the table when we were seated, clearly did not give one shit that they made normal conversation completely impossible for the rest of us. Meaning me. As I write this review, it seems I am growing less and less excited about the Publican, so I'm going to end this on a high note. Despite the fact that I couldn't figure out which stall to use in the semicommunal bathroom area, they did have soap and hand lotion from C.O. Bigelow near the cleaning troughs. I mean sinks. Still, I went weeeeeeeeee, wee, wee-wee-wee-wee ALL the way home.
