There aren't words to describe how much I love breakfast food. Only facial expressions and sounds. ...And I'm definitely making that sound right now just thinking about how great breakfast was at The Bongo Room. My friend and I checked this place out on a lazy Saturday morning. I think we missed the rushed, arriving just before noon. We immediately scored sweet seats right in the front of the restaurant at a high-top. Although I feel like I was decor-roadkill (like fashion-roadkill, but more tragic because it's not your fault), I loved the look of this place. The pull out chairs (as opposed to the bench) aren't exactly conducive to sitting properly at your table unless you know magic that allows you to scoot yourself in without having Stretch Armstrong legs. Fortunately, that's the only bad thing I have to say about The Bongo Room. Oh, and my friend would prefer hand towels in the washroom so that he doesn't have to touch the handles. ...and the parking situation could be better, but they're working on it, sooo... Everything else was FAN-tastic! My friend had the red velvet pancakes, and even after the gentleman sitting next to us told him specifically not to get the full order, he got the full order. It was like having an entire red velvet cake for breakfast. They were so thick and rich, after the bite that I stole from him, I was SO done with them. I had the vegetarian croissant sandwich. It was delicious. I would recommend getting the eggs a different way (I had them scrambled) as that would probably keep the sandwich together a little better. However, the sandwich was still good as it was. The potatoes that came on the side were seasoned to perfection and cooked just the right amount. It was a great breakfast for the both of us. I would also suggest splitting a savory item and a sweet item if you're dining with a friend. The portions are so large that it's difficult (unless you've been held captive for a week without being fed) to finish any one dish on your own. You may as well get a little of both flavors. The prices are reasonable considering the portions so go for the gold. Will I return? A million times, yes.
