I've been to this restaurant a LOT- but still, not enough!! I'm in Club Carnivale. I purchased Kiss FM's DreXtreme Discount for this restaurant. Someday when Groupon sends me a Carnivale deal, I'll be buying that. This is hands down Chicago's BEST restaurant. I cannot say enough. My dictionary doesn't have enough complimentary words for Carnivale. If you haven't been, you are seriously missing out on a one of a kind experience. If you have been- you know how amazing this place is. Carnivale is an EXPERIENCE for your senses. Every sense is titilitated and tingled and tickled at Carnivale. First is sense of sight. It's so amazing and preposterous and over the top that you feel you've been hit over the head with an anvil. It's jaw dropping. It's bright orange and pink and yellow. It's sexy and energetic. It's flair and spice.. it's DETAILS. Then smell. Oh the smell. If I could bottle it and spray my house with it, I would. At the very least, I'd like my house to smell like their raspberry mojito. Or maybe their ropa vieja. The sounds- a sexy beat- Latin and fun and vibrant. You'll wish you knew how to salsa dance- and after a few mojitos, you might even give it a whirl. The feel... of the heavy velvet curtains, the texture of the food and mojito as it rushes past your lips.... Which brings me to TASTE! Oh Lord. Taste. Is this what a slice of heaven truely tastes like? Is this what perfection tastes like? Is this where the term "melt in your mouth" came from? I've yet to order something I didn't love. In the past I took my sales region to Carnivale when everyone was in town. I was the "local" rep here in Chicago and I could have taken them to ANY restaurant in the city, on my company dime. I chose Carnivale. People from rural areas, people from big cities- all came to Carnivale at my suggestion. They didn't know what hit them. People looked dizzy during the meal. That was 3 years ago and they still talk about it. The place is THAT amazing. When I was unable to attend a close friend's wedding in the Dominican Republic, I took them to Carnivale for dinner and drinks for their wedding gift. I couldn't think of a better place to treat 2 people I love lots! When a friend texted me and asked if I'd be willing to be her "plus one" at a private event for a group she tutors kids with, I thought eh.... I don't know any of these people, and they will probably try to get me to volunteer and I simply don't have time for more activities in my social calendar. I was going to say no until she mentioned, that it was at this place called Carnivale. Guess what? I got all dressed up and attended- with a smile on my face!!! When I turned 30 and my then boyfriend gave me the option of going to ANY restaurant in the entire city where did I want to go, without hesitation? You guessed it, Carnivale!! When I was stressed out with a new job and a move to a new apartment, among other things, what did my then boyfriend do to cheer me up? He planned an evening at Carnivale. Anytime there is an event, an occasion or a payday and I get to pick my posion, it's always Carnivale. I cannot say enough about Carnivale. It is the best of the best. Carnivale- I LOVE YOU!
