Not like this place needs another review but that's never stopped me from adding my two cents. I've been here a few times and I like it more and more every time. The service is undeniably friendly, everyone from the host to the bussers to the servers are all welcoming and accommodating. And of course, the food is pretty spectacular too. Some menu highlights: Martini al fresco:- Effen cucumber vodka, fresh lime juice, St Germain, prosecco and garnished with fresh cucumber. I am a sucker for cucumber cocktails and this one had my name all over it. Deliciously refreshing. Calamari: I've tried both their fried and grilled versions and both are ridiculously good. I am a happy camper anytime I see grilled calamari on a menu since most places only offer fried. The grilled is lightly charred and smokey and the fried is tender, not greasy, and a squeeze of lemon is all it needs. I don't even bother with the marinara sauce it's served with; it simply doesn't need it. Avocado crostini: a great twist on standard bruschetta. Fresh, ripe, diced avocado with parmesan and provolone cheeses, chopped tomatoes, and a touch of citrus on crusty bread. So decadent and rich. Great starter to share when paired with the calamari. Risotto ai funghi: I didn't love the texture as it wasn't very creamy, but the flavor was good. To be fair, good risotto is quite hard to master, but I'd probably skip this in the future. Pastas: I've had the pumpkin ravioli, which comes with the classic components of brown butter sauce, sage, and pine nuts and it's pretty terrific. Last night I was in the mood for eggplant parmesan but was dismayed to not find it on the menu. Our adorable server, Benji, assured me it would be no problem for the kitchen to make it for me. I am so grateful they did, because it was fantastic. My friend ordered the vegetable lasagna and couldn't stop raving about it. Dessert: I'm generally too stuffed to order dessert so the only thing I've had is their lemon sorbetto, which is served in a frozen lemon shell. I love when places do that. As I mentioned before, the service is stellar. Menu recommendations are spot-on and they always aim to please. I often receive coupons in the mail that save money (usually it's in the form of a $14 gift certificate), and I welcome anytime I can save some dough. In my opinion prices for pasta dishes (without any protein) are a couple of dollars higher than they should be ($20 for eggplant parmesan and vegetable lasagna seems a little spendy), but the prices are offset by the plentiful discounts they frequently offer, so I guess it evens out. Parking in the area isn't too difficult on weeknights, but I'd imagine it's problematic on the weekends...but they now allow you to park for two hours in the Home Depot lot just down the block, so be sure and take advantage.
