Where can you find Texas and Brazil in Ohio and Chicago? Texas de Brazil Churrascaria Brazilian Steakhouse on Ohio Street, downtown Chicago, Illionois. This is a Dallas HQ chain of 15 Churrascarias, the Brazilian style steakhouses that are starting to become very popular in the US, with new chains and individual imitations popping up all the time. (Texas de Brazil has 3 in TX, 3 in FL, the rest sprinkled in the south and west) What is a Churrascaria? It is sort of like a Brazilan Dim Sum for Meat Eaters. And I mean a lot of meat! This Texas de Brazil charges $45/peson for all-you-can-eat. If you like meat, you will be in Hog Heaven here! Soooooeeey! This being mid-week, there was actually a barker on the sidewalk trying to rope a dope (even offering a 15% discount), because this place is absolutey huge! (2 stories), and ornate (upscale furnishings, marble bathrooms), a lot of staff (a dozen men [called Gauchos] running around in gaucho pantaloons and boots, with 2 hostesses), and a huge 2 story wine rack with a little female waif gymnast on a pulley rope swingseat bobbing up and down to retrieve wine selections (much like at Aureola Restaurant in Las Vegas). So they needed customers just to pay the fixed costs, forget the food costs! We negotiated 20% ($36/each) and went in! I first had Churrascaria in Rio De Janeiro about 20 years ago, and then the next time was in Sao Paolo about 5 years later. It was super cheap back then. But the concept is the same: 1. Sit, order some drinks 2. Get up (here) or served ( Brazil) a bunch of side plate appetizers 3. Turn your personal round indicator to Green (from Red) and suddenly, Incoming! Men with skewers of meat and knives come to you and give you a slice of meat. Some they plop on your plate, other slices they ask for your help with the use of your personal tongs. We had some of the following meats, most offered med rare, or med: A) Fillet Mignon mini steaks, bacon wrapped B) Garlic Steak C) House specialty Sirloin Steak D) Sliced Leg of Lamb E) Grilled Chicken F) Meat Sausage G) Lamb Chops H) Pork Tenderloin I) Parmesan Chicken J) Baby BBQ Pork Ribs and at least a couple of more I missed! Talk about being Carnivorous! All the meats were very tasty, but most were perhaps too salty. However, when we mentioned that, out they came 5 minutes later witha skewer of tender lamb chops with less salt! Service was very responsive, and the meat kept coming, Several times we had to flip our disk from Green to Red, to take a break and catch up with our chewing! Nom-Nom-Nom-Nom-Nom-Nom-Nom-Nom-Nom Whew! They even have some traditional Brazilian side dishes, like Feijoada (black bean meat stew) Rice, and fried Plantains. We shared a couple of bottles of Baressa South Aussie red wine. Desserts were huge too! (Not included in the one AYCE price) They included Keylime Pie, Carrot Cake,. Creme Brulee, Chocolate Mouse Tort, Coconut Meringue Cheese Cake, traditional Cheesecake, and Passion Fruit Mouse, plus a couple of more. We all agreed that it was good food, fun, and good service. The bargain deal we negotiated helped, too. The food is salty however, and the portions, well if not massive, then non-stop!
