"One of the best meals I've ever had in my entire life." That was what my dining companion said halfway through our meal (even before dessert).  Mercat a la Planxa has been a must-try for me the past two years and I finally found the perfect time to try it out. We made a 12:15pm reservation for lunch and were seated immediately next to giant window overlooking Michigan Ave. The dining room has a high ceiling with mirrors on both sides with painted birds on them. Very decorative and trendy. The tables near the outside of the restaurant can be close together (probably during busy times the two-tops can be frustratingly close) but for the most part are well spaced out.  Our server was very professional and mentioned he also worked at Smith & Woolsensky's, so you knew he knew his stuff. For lunch, Mercat offers an $18 per person Catalan Lunch, where you choose one item from the list of First Courses and one item from the list of Second Courses. I chose the Serrano Ham & Fig Salad and my companion chose the Pimentos de Padron. The salad was huge (check the photo uploaded) and filled with fresh figs, some type of fancy blue cheese, and tossed with a sherry vinaigrette. Any salad using spinach leaves is always good, and other than maybe a tad too much dressing, this one was great. The Pimentos de Padron, which were fried pimento peppers, were very tasty and had just the slightest crisp to them and a hint of spice. The thick specks of sea salt made them eve more enjoyable. For our Second Courses, we chose the Black Angus Hangar Steak and the Vieires i Albergnia (grilled diver scallops). The steak was ordered medium rare and came out close to rare, but it wasn't a major concern. The steak came topped with fresh beech mushrooms and was served on a thin layer of short ribs and a thick potato croquette. The croquette tasted like a fancy hash brown and was perfectly crispy on the outside and moist in the inside. One of the best dishes I've ever had. The scallops were flawless as well. Four giant diver scallops a la planxa (on the grill) were cooked to perfection and almost melted in your mouth. They are served on two wooden skewers and come with an addicting roasted eggplant puree and a confit of artichokes. Muy delicioso! All items on the menu can be orded a la carte, so we decided to try a side order of the Setas al Horno (wild mushrooms, potatoes, parsley, and shallots). It was served sizzling hot in a mini black cast iron skillet. If you order one thing at Mercat a la Planxa, make sure it is these mushrooms. Unbelievable flavor and if this was served in a giant bucket, I would have no problem finishing it. For dessert we ordered both available options: the Pastissos D'avellana (Hazelnut-Mascarpone Gateaux, Apricot, Dulche de Leche, Salted Hazelnuts) and the Croquetas de Xocolata (Milk Chocolate Croquettes, Banana Marshmallow, Rosemary Caramel, Arbequina Olive Oil). I gave the full descriptions because they read exactly as they taste. We destroyed both of them and left no sauce or crumbs on the plate. (check the photos to see how they are composed) I can't wait to return here for dinner one night and try the rest of their items. Do yourself a favor and stop in Mercat a la Palnxa and if you follow my ordering advice, you will not be disappointed.
