The Hilton is one of those Grand Old Ladies that has been preserved with love and attention. I booked with Priceline for $79 (Name Your Own Price) as opposed to paying $225 per night. At $225, I'd be annoyed. At $79, I'm delighted. The staff is marginal. The front desk clerk was mildly snotty. The concierge didn't answer on my first two calls and on the third was less than helpful. Parking is $55 per night valet, and a deal (hahahahaha) for self park at $42. Drive down Wabash or park on Harrison for $19 to to $25 for 24 hours. I CANNOT STAND PARKING IN CHICAGO!!! That said, the room was surprisingly nice. I'm"m a Diamond HHonors member and the snotty desk clerk upgraded us even though she let me know that HHonors benefits did not apply to us lowly Priceline guests. We had an incredible view of the Shedd Aquarium and the Planetarium as well as Lake Michigan. I like the Hilton toiletries - they smell like rosemary. There were plenty of towels and washcloths in the bathroom. The marble sink, tub and floor were nice. The wallpaper seemed dated. The furniture was decent - it looked like a knock off of the original. The bedspread seemed kind of cheap but the pillows, chairs and sheets were decent quality. I was surprised at the OLD television. No flat screens here! The air conditioning system seemed arcacic but - WOW - it did the job.  The windows actually open! The fitness center and pool were state of the art. This is the nicest pool I have seen at a Hilton property and the fitness center is huge. The lobby is a a bit of a maze and finding the reception desk required some navigation. That said, be prepared for a loooooonnnnnnngggg walk to your room. The hotel takes up an entire city block. Add the zigs and zags of and old hotel and, well, you don't have to go to the fitness center to get your exercise. There are plenty of elevators but be sure to get on the right one. Some go to the lower floors, some to the upper 'Executive' floors. BTW my 'upgrade' didn't get me Executive status. Forget dining at the Hilton. Walk 3 blocks to Panera Bread or even 2 blocks to Subway for breakfast. Walk out the backdoor to the Liquor Warehouse for beer, wine or booze. This hotel is a bit too south for many dining options but if you are a walker or don't mind paying to cab it, the location is okay. For under $100 a night, I'd stay here again.
