I was in from NYC over Memorial Day Weekend and wanted to find some place that could compete with the usual speakeasy suspects of NYC. After doing a little google search, Violet Hour appeared when referencing Sasha Petraske (the proclaimed NYC cocktail god) famous for his cocktail dens Milk & Honey and White Star . It seems the owner of Violet Hour, Tobey Maloney, used to work for Petraske at Milk & Honey in NY as well as spending time at other major cocktail dens throughout the 90's and early 2000's. That coupled with the gorgeous decor of Violet Hour made it a must-try on my list. We headed out around 10pm and were met with a rather long line outside the entrance. I had heard the entrance was hard to find ( much like most speakeasies are) but here, the line was so long we didn't have that problem. It was a bit of a turn-off as most places I've been either take reservations or if there's a long wait, you give them you're # and they call you when they have a table available for you (it actually said they did this on the VH website). Sadly nobody was taking numbers the night we went and we ended up spending about 45 minutes waiting for our table. I was pretty irked and was ready to leave by the time we were seated, but I figured we had already waited so long we might as well have a drink. I was just crossing my fingers that it was worth the wait. Well, it was. The drink I started off with was the Zarzamora. It had Wild Turkey 101 Bourbon, Lemon, Fernet Branca, Blackberries, and Orange Bitters. It was amazing! I usually don't like whiskey, but I asked for something with blackberries and this was right up my alley. I can't recall the second drink I had, but it was another off the whiskey menu. It was also superb. My friend had the Six Corner Sling with Old Overholt Rye, Punt e Mes, Lemon, and Green Chartreuse. Surprisingly it tasted like an iced tea. It was yummy!! It was nice that if we weren't sure what we wanted we could give our preference of "spirit" to the waitress and she'd have the bartender do his thing. I tend to do things that way when I'm in a place I know is manned by excellent "mixologists" or bartenders :) I would have given this place 5 stars, but the line was unnecessary and the food needs some improvement. I had the deviled eggs and they lacked flavor, my friend ordered the hummus, which was good, but let's be honest, IT"S HUMMUS! The third thing we tried were the duck and goat cheese wontons. They were fine, but not of the caliber that the drinks were, which begs the question, if you're serving such amazing drinks, why serve average food? The decor is really beautiful, two separate rooms, first room has the tall-backed chairs, gorgeous velvet curtains from floor to ceiling, violet blue walls with white picture frame moulding. The second room has booths and a large automan where you can sit with smaller tables surrounding it and a fireplace. It's really a beautiful place to take a date or some friends for a quiet evening with exquisite drinks and atmosphere. Highly recommend it here, but just go earlier in the evening to avoid the crazy line.
