Even seated at the worst table in the house (you know, the one by the door where all the people waiting for tables congregate/the one that gets blasted directly by cold wind whenever a patron enters the restaurant) I more than enjoyed my experience at Anteprima. My two girlfriends and I had made the reservation a few weeks in advance and admittedly I forgot where we were even going until about ten minutes before we headed out. I don't spend much time in Andersonville with the exception of Hopleaf so I was more than excited to try somewhere new in the 'hood. The space is small and intimate - great date spot for certain. It took awhile...actually way too long, before we were asked for our drink order which is my only reason for taking away a star...and the lack of attention to our empty glasses continued through the night unfortunately. But I was fortunate enough to get two drink orders in both of which were superb - a delectable Prosecco and a specialty cocktail made with lemon, soda water, basil and vodka - think Mojita, minus mint, plus fresh basil. I loved it. Would have loved to order a third, but as I mentioned... Now for our order - Asparagus Salad - chilled and delicious. You like asparagus? Don't pass it up, ya hear? Warm Mushroom Salad - My favorite of the night. Perfectly executed. Burrata - Show me a person who doesn't like burrata and I will punch my own self in the face. (Lactose intolerant need not apply) Onto our three pasta orders which we all shared (there are two sizes to choose from) - Bucatini with peas and soft shell crab - this was the failure of the bunch. As a peas and pasta dish it would have stood out, but the crab was all wrong and brought the dish down a notch. Was it the crab? The preparation? Something was amiss. The peas however were the size of eyeballs. Seriously the biggest and freshest peas I've ever tasted. Yum. Orecchiette with lamb sausage - My second favorite dish. Spicy. Enough said. Artichoke risotto - rich, but not so much so that it wouldn't be a good option for an entree for one.  All in all, Anteprima exceeded my expectations as far as the food was concerned. I can only hope my next visit will include improved service, and improved weather - so I can sit on that patio in the back!
