I WANT to get really fat here.  Starting yesterday. No disappointment. Over-the-top customer service perfection: Counter guy was welcoming, informative, full of suggestions and willing to offer to true meal deal.  Outstanding value. THIS WAS A MESSY DATE and also incredibly SEXY.  Finger licking fantasia! The place is small, but on this particular rainy chilly day, we had a huge table and big roll of paper towels all to ourselves. It was cozy inside and definitely great for sipping a soda pre-bites and watching umbrella-covered passersby dashing about outside. Boy and I ordered a BabyBuddha with beef to split while waiting on our fried chicken. Took 3 minutes to prepare. Very fresh, great spicy sauce on side. YUM- little pickles and sesame oil. Chopstick fun! Based upon recommendation, we ordered the whole chicken half-n-half. Seoul Sassy and Korean Crisp BBQ.  Extra sauce samples on side, YO!  (No sides needed after Budda as an appetizer.) Both silly and dizzying- The plate was glistening with gooooo and calling out our names like... "Bastian. Call my name. Bastian, please! Save us!"  to which Bastian or -Chicken- replies, "All right! I'll do it! I'll save you! I will do what I dream!"  Never Ending Story style. It's true. Ladies, be ready to ruin a cheap manicure for this food.  No looking back. Fingers in: fancy and feelin' sticky-delicious. NOTE: I was certainly the ONLY chick getting in on this feast. BS! Boys abound , but ladies, chow with NO SHAME here.  Suck in the gut some other time. Here, a little indulgence goes a long way toward your overall personal happiness and ... professional success? Maybe. Fresh-scented moist towelettes are on the house and by the fistful. (Essential for the HOT hand-holding to follow.)  Be sure to stop by Intelligensia down the block for some shots of ESPRESSO/caffeine to get you back on track and ready to trek along to wreck records at the nearby Reckless Records. Happy bellies and satisfied smiles, hungry hounds UNITE. A sickeningly addictive new find. Korean Fried Chicken. Thighs and breasts. Wings and things. INDULGE.
