Scientists recently uncovered a find for the ages. The First Mate's log of the final voyage of the S.S. Veggie Supper Club from October 14 (or 20, who's counting) 09. Here are some of the excerpts that would be interesting to modern audiences: --- DAY ONE: Travelling deep into the heart of "Costa Rica" we have come to the village of Irazu. It might seem close to home to many of the crew, just off the Western Blue Line port on Milwaukee Avenue, but it is a different world. The natives are friendly, accommodating our motley, rain drenched, crew of about a dozen at a table near the back of the village for their traditional meal - I believe it is called "dinner." DAY TWO: There are so many interesting variations of other Panamerican cuisine here in this village, I have had a tough time deciding what to eat. The menu contains such familiar things as tacos and burritos, but all with a Central American twist. Thankfully we have a local guide, Omar, who is genial (also somewhat funny and very informative) and willing to explain to us the complex local flavors. We have decided to sample the "empanadas" (of which they will serve in increment's of three, five, or seven - the last one perfect for sharing, though expensive at $12) to begin with and I have found them a range from delightful (cheese) to "interesting" (plantain - could have been sweeter). There are many varieties of these local treasures ranging from sweets to meats. DAY THREE: If I didn't know better, I would swear that the natives are in cahoots with Omar to fatten us up and put us on the menu (maybe that's just the b.y.o.b. talking). They are shoveling complementary chips and local salsa and pico de gallo like substances at us. There is nothing especially spicy but they will make these as mild or hot as you want. DAY FOUR: I feel like I've been hit with a tranquilizer dart after trying to eat the main course. The potato taco is a herbivore's delight (flavorful and filling - which by this point is a given) - though they also specialize in many fish dishes and sandwiches. It comes with huge sides of rice, beans, and a cabbage salad. Some of the natives have "messed up" some of our orders but Omar has corrected these mistakes quickly and perfectly (and with minimal whipping of his villagemates). DAY FIVE: We have begged our leave of Omar. He offers us another full sized meal called "desert" but I feel as though I may not be able to leave the village if I consume this. Perhaps I will come back again or have them deliver. They will send a food-bearing vessel to pretty much anywhere on the north side of Chicago - including downtown. --- Legend has it that on that final rain soaked night, the crew of the S.S. Veggie Supper Club left the port of Irazu and was never seen again due to being "drunk" on happiness, food, and conversation. Or there may have been a mutiny (though after Irazu it definitely wasn't due to cannibalism, that's for sure). This final fate, unfortunately or not, was lost to time.
