Wanted to love it, but we gave up after two bad/weird experiences. We loved the Lawrence location, despite being cramped and dark, and were really eager for the bigger location to finish their remodel. I just moved to Lincoln Square with my wife and two young kids. We love being in a neighborhood that is so walkable and kid-friendly. We went twice on Saturdays at 11am, when the place was nearly empty with 15+ open tables. Our kids are fairly well-behaved, but we like to grab a table near other families and away from couples in case one of the kid fusses, so we don't disturb others and where the high chairs and baby gear aren't blocking others. Both times, the staff insisted on "keeping the big tables open" for larger groups, and pack us in between couples who are quietly dining. We don't get it. There were multiple open tables that size, and **none** of them got used either time we were there. Worse, they proceed to park our stroller at it! Worse, both times, we had to stop eating in the middle of the meal, so we could move our kids' chairs so the people on either side of us could get out to leave! Maybe we're just too worried about disturbing other people, but it basically ended up completely stressing us out both times. We also don't understand the how the waiters are assigned/rotated there, but we spent a lot of time asking for refills and waiting for the check. The food was average. Not bad, not great. Come on, Garcias! Shouldn't you have a little bit of empathy for parents on weekend lunch hours?! Please stop posting a sign that says "seat yourself" and telling us to "sit anywhere" if the next waiter that comes out is just going to move us! You should seriously think about creating a family-friendly section on weekends! For the life of me, I can't figure out how the Lawrence location, which is so small and ill-suited for families, can be so much nicer and accommodating to families. We'd go there all the time if it didn't mean forcing the whole restaurant to practically mountain climb over our stroller to get in and out of the place!
