In a city that seems to worship the pig, this place seems to be the altar. Count me among the faithful. My porkfest consisted of the following: - Salt-Roasted Beets with whipped goat cheese and pistachio vinaigrette - Prosciutto Bread Balls; - Milk-Braised Pork Shoulder with mashed potatoes; - Pork Blade Steak with nduja and honey; - Butterscotch Budino; - Sicilian Iris ricotta- and chocolate chip-filled fried brioche. While I was pretty confident about the pork shoulder and blade steak ahead of time - both far exceeded my expectations - the biggest surprise of this meal were the beets. Even after reading review after review praising the excellence of the salted beets, I was still skeptical. These were freakin' beets people were talking about, right? The same things used to make borscht and...seriously I couldn't even think of the last time I had a beet or even the slightest of desires to have one. Now I want more - hell I dream about Purple Pig's beets. Besides being both surprisingly and ridiculously delicious, I thought the coolest aspect of this dish was the color effect. Upon being brought out to the table, the dish consists of distinctly separate colors, lets call them "beet purple", "goat cheese white", and "pistachio vinaigrette green" (Hey Crayola - how about you work those into your next crayon box?) Upon digging in to the dish, the ingredients mix, and the colors blend into stunning shades of violets, pinks, and purples. As for dessert, the budino was okay. Had I never experienced the awesomeness of the budino at Pizzeria Mozza in Los Angeles I probably would even say that Purple Pig's rendition was great. Fortunately, the fried brioche dessert rocked and was the perfect way to end what was easily one of the top meals of my life. I'm pretty sure that The Pig doesn't take reservations and probably gets pretty crowded at night. If you have the chance, swing by on a weekday in the late afternoon or right as they transition into dinner and you can avoid a wait. But even if you do find yourself having to wait - trust me - it's totally worth it.
