Sunda... oh sunda!!! 5 stars!? Why? Well check it out! Want to know why I'm giving this place 5 stars? Well it's only because they have THE BEST FILIPINO FOOD EVER! well.. so far... (sorry mom, tita, tito, ninang, ninong, lolo & lola) I'm saying sorry to my family for those who are not Filipino 'Mah boi' had his bachelor dinner at a Filipino upscale restaurant in downtown... something elegant before we got stupid drunk and doing what boys do... -- HOLD ON.... TIME OUT!! Is there really a upscale Filipino restaurant in downtown Chicago? Really!? I mean really!? OMG this sounds AWESOME! This is a first! Although this restaurant is an asian fusion and not limited filipino food. if you're here for sushi... your missing out still... If you ask me, the fish is fresh, sushi is sushi. Hence I didn't order sushi. DONT GET ME WRONG... i'm sure their sushi is kick ass! For Sunda I will quickly shutdown anyone ordering sushi. C'mon fine dining with Filipino food! where else can you find that? Philippines? ha! -= Decor =- The decor and patrons are screaming A-LIST of the highest end of the bougy spectrum. If you are looking for a high end romantic setting... this isn't it. It's really loud. Otherwise the the modern and edgily touch will easily be your eye candy while you enjoy your meal; as you yell (or speaking up) at your date/buddies. -= service =- The waiters, food runners and other staff are all ROCK STARS! They are on their game on knowing their food and ensuring you are well served; without over huddling around you. Hands down the best service by far. the owner himself stop by a few times to ensure we were taken care of. Since it was my buddy's bachelor dinner, he order a round of sake shots and had the head chef join us for that shot. WOW! This is truly a first. -= yum yum, ummmm the FOOD! =- We had the following served in family style: 2x Pancit Canton ($16 - crispy pork, lap cheong, shrimp, carrots, cabbage, egg noodles) 2x Loompya or Lumpia ($10 - crispy pork and shrimp shanghai style egg rolls, boston lettuce, dipping sauces) Lumpia are pastries of popiah or fried spring rolls popular in the Philippines-- fried and fresh versions 2x Crispy Pata ($24 - confit pork shank with garlic-foie scented gravy, wilted greens) A giant fried pork shank. So delicious and juicy. 2x Adobo Braised Pork Belly ($25 - vinegar, garlic, caramelized onions, herb salad, mustard greens) Pork belly used in adobo, ummm #WINNING! It was amazing! 2x Adobo Rice ($? - not on the menu) Just imagine the gravy from the Adobo Braised Pork Belly mix with rice... it was awesome! Wowzers! -= in conclusion =- Sunda is freaking awesome times a million to the infinity power plus googolplex. If you want to experience awesome filipino food, I strongly recommend SUNDA!
