Chicagoland weather today, 45 degrees with a bit of a wind chill, 30% chance of rain. (In ANY other town or state, we call it a storm, or perhaps a tornado!) I get off of my 4 hour flight from San Jose, jump in the car, and off to Doug's ... time is ticking! We drive by and see a LINE WRAPPED AROUND THE BUILDING! Oh yeah, for some mysterious reason when I see a line, my sub conscience tells me I need to wait in it. "Dad, stop the car, I need to get in that God awful line!" Perhaps I do it because I hear nothing but good things about this place, perhaps it's the fact that I haven't eaten anything since 5:00 that morning, or simply because I don't want to hear my dad talking anymore, and me standing in that line will ensure that quiet time. I practically jump out of the car while it's still moving. Here's my conversation in that line; Me -"Have you been here before?" Red-haired girl, "Yes." Me -"Um, is the line always this long?" Red-haired girl, "Yes, so I try to get here right when they open at 11:00" So this is NORMAL, so get used to that line, and make sure you check the weather report before you go! So worth it! ONE HOUR AND TWENTY-TWO MINUTES later, I see Doug! I feel like I need to have a baby for him to kiss, or for him to sign something, like an autographed picture or my chest with a Sharpie marker. I place my order, the Chicago dog, the Selma Hayek, Duck Fat Fries and the *Game of the Week* which was Buffalo Sausage with smoked gouda cheese and chipotle dijionaise. I am out of my mind with delight at this point, and I can't tell if it's because I'm ready to eat my own arm or that I'm finally out of the cold. Either way, I am the happiest person on the planet. I am rubbernecking the patrons taking pictures of their food, Doug, and the store, and feel like I'm in a bizarre movie. So I join in and snap photos as if I've never left home before. Hello? These are the BEST dogs EVER! So worth it! Hey Doug, are you single? I want to be your Hot Dog slave! (Oh wait, I think I am your slave already!)
