I despise pretentious nonsense. All of it. I want to yank the neon sunglasses off of every unnecessarily moustachioed face I see and turn around and shove them up the ass of every snootier-than-thou yuppie looking down their nose at the proles from behind their D&G bodystockings. I know a million and a half fifty cent words and I still talk like a dockworker with tourettes because it's less likely to make anyone feel like an idiot. I don't believe in clubs with cover charges because if it's going to let me in the door it ain't that cool and I cannot fucking stand bottle service, dress codes, music snobs, fashionistas and/or people born into money who treat every employee of every place they visit like a medieval stablehand. All of it can go right in the harbor and out to sea. You're dicks and I hate you. So when I'm asked to go out to a bar that's too cool to have a sign, where I have to stand in the cold for 20 minutes to be allowed to glimpse whatever's behind the massive blue velvet curtain (after being informed all the drinks cost, like, $15) I am pretty much ready to go find my bucket of pitch and pile o' torches and come back and burn it down. How unbelievably surprising, then, to find out all of that uppity nonsense is actually worth it. This is one of the only bars I have ever been in, be it New York, Philadelphia, Boston or elsewhere, where the quality of service, style and selection makes the curtain and the doorman and the rest of it make sense. It's set up like a speakeasy, hence the little yellow light and the lack of signage, not to mention the bartenders (who happen to be highly trained mixologists and genuinely good people) in their arm suspenders and steamboat attire serving some of the most inventive and delicious cocktails that more than merit their $11 (not $15) price tags. The decor is somehow perfect, in powder blue and white no less, and it's appropriately dim, which I love. The ambience is subdued but not awkward, and it's very intimate due to the high-backed chairs/booths. It isn't meant for mingling. If you have three or four friends you enjoy talking to, actually talking to, rather than just getting sloppy and licking, you can't ask for a better bar to spend an evening getting good and tipsy and sharing drinks in. I've been here several times now, and each time I leave still surprised by how much it justifies its pompous approach. When people complain about the Violet Hour, I can only assume they think it is going to be just another bar on the Wicker Park/Uki Village circuit and can't understand the wait/curtain/etc. All it takes is one trip inside and you'll get it.  Admittedly, it's pricey, but if you actually get what you pay for, who cares?
