Bonsoiree catered our wedding this past NYE - there were so many compliments on the food! I was always a fan of the restaurant prior to getting engaged. Because my wedding was small (~105 ppl) it became very apparent to me that I was small potatoes in the eyes of catering companies and in many cases got the cold shoulder and late responses (hello, Hearty Boys Catering...I'm STILL waiting for my proposal after 18 months). Getting resigned that I was going to have to spend at least $15 grand to meet "catering minimums" I recalled reading an article that Bonsoiree started out as a catering company. Thowing my hail mary, I left a message and got a very prompt call back from Anthony. I explained to him what I was looking for and no joke, within ONE HOUR I got a proposal within my targeted budget.  Bonsoiree charges a flat fee per person for their wedding catering which does not include wedding cake but does include enough petit fours from Vanille Bakery. Because we were doing a buffet, I REALLY liked that fact that they did not charge me for the buffet and service equipment (platter, chafing dishes, etc) - I think that was baked into their overall per person cost.  You do get charged for normal dinner service items like glasses, utensils and plates. You can get other rental items and linens from an event rental company but Bonsoiree can also get that for you, just at a slightly marked up price (for the convenience). Our buffet we had two proteins, and unlike other setups the assumption was that guests could try both dishes and come back for more! Another major bonus for me was that Bonsoiree provided me with an "event planner" if I signed with them - Anthony was such a godsend that if he wants I will give him my first born! :) He made sure everything was handled during our wedding and I have to say that our event would have been a lesser event if he wasn't there. We did our tasting and Chef Luke was so cool and nice - he was very flexible and put out such complex flavorful food. We got compliments on it all night! I know that Bonsoiree is not an obvious choice because I think these days they are more known as a restaurant. For city budget brides who are looking for atypical wedding food that is sophisticated yet understated for a reasonable price, please consider Bonsoiree!
