Fox & Obel is a difficult place to give a single rating to because it is made up of many different pieces. I'll review each separately, from the good to the bad to well, you know the rest.Grocery (5/5):We live across the street from Fox & Obel and love the convenience and selection. They have a great variety of different specialty options that you won't find elsewhere. They have a great cheese selection, a huge craft beer selection, more chocolate than you can imagine, coffees from around the world, meats, etc. If you're looking for something unique or high-end, this is the place for you. The prices aren't outrageous, but you're certainly going to pay more than you would at larger chain grocery stores.Desserts (5/5):Our usual stop is the dessert counter when we go to Fox & Obel. Their dolce de leche cheesecake, chocolate mousse, cookies fresh out of the oven, and pretty much anything else is amazing. If you ever need to bring a dessert to an outing, you can't go wrong here.Prepared Food (4/5):The kitchen does a great job with prepared foods. They must use the same ingredients that they sell in the store, and the portions are very large. The only reason I give if 4 stars is that the presentation isn't the best (a Luigi Bormioli water glass, breakfast served on a white porcelain plate, with a paper placemat and fruit in a paper cup? not terribly consistent...). The take out food is just as good as if you sit down, so a grab and go meal is great.Outdoor Patio (0/5):This is a recent addition to Fox & Obel. We saw them setting up a nice set of tables and lights on the sidewalk and decided to try it out for breakfast one morning. They weren't busy at all (1 table was taken) so we went in search of the hostess. She was inside at the top of the ramp and busy doing something. We asked if we could be seated, and she seemed surprised that we would want to. She then tried (convincingly) to turn us away. She said, "You can only get bagels here". Ok, can we get anything else? "No, just cold sandwiches and some bagels". Ok, can we grab take out from the Cafe and have coffee out on the patio? "No, they don't allow that". No wonder they're never busy.Cafe (2/5):Inside the store, you'll find another place to get food. This one is at the back of the store next to the milk. It's actually 2 places in one, and you need to be aware of the difference or you'll be turned away. There is a grab and go line that has a counter where some food can be ordered (but not all), a cash register, and some pastries in a case. Upon walking in, there are many tables for you to sit at and the way that the place is set up, you would think that you order your food, pay, and then sit down cafeteria style. But be careful, if you order your food at the counter and then try to sit in one the tables to the left you'll be turned away. In that section, you can only order your food at the table. You are only allowed to sit to the right if you order at the counter. They will not accomodate you if you make the mistake, as I saw a poor older couple in front of me learning the hard way.Market Bistro (1/5):When we got turned away from sitting on the patio we decided to try out the Market Bistro instead. It is full of potential and supposedly the nicer of the 3 places to eat within Fox & Obel. We walked in to find that there was no hostess, but only several stressed out waitstaff that were simultaneously training, seating, and taking orders. The long and short of the Market Bistro (for breakfast) is that the waitstaff is undertrained, confused, and the place is in chaos. It's as if the management grabbed a few employees from the grocery store floor and said "you waited tables in college, great! Go work in the bistro!" The food was good, the view was great, but the service was terrible.TL;DR:Fox & Obel is great as a grocery store and their kitchen is great. Their food service, though, is on par with a college diner on a Sunday morning. I would recommend coming here for groceries or to get take out (if you have time to wait in a confused line), but don't sit down to eat. It will ruin the experience.
