I think once your dinner lasts over 2 hours it transforms from a meal to an experience, which is the best was to categorize dinner at Geja's. My partner and I decided to go for our anniversary, a friend had told me that this place was phenomenal (and we happened to find a Groupon a few months ago!), so we decided that this would be the perfect place to celebrate our anniversary. To start with the atmosphere--it was *dark* which I know other reviews have mentioned, and this definitely adds to the romantic feel. There are lots of candles, dim lights, and (of course!) plenty of sternos glowing throughout the restaurant. I will make the remark that the place had a little bit of a funny smell when we walked in--a little seafood-ish, which is not my favorite smell, but as time went on, that was overcome by scents of chocolate, so we definitely got used to the place. My biggest complaint about the atmosphere though is that the tables were all too close together. Both where we were sitting (I felt like I was sitting in on the the date of the couple at the table next to us) and when I had to walk through the maze of the restaurant to the bathroom. I really felt like I was walking through other people's meals--it was a bit crowded. Once we sat down, we were met by our very helpful, very nice waitress who walked us through the entire menu (both food and wine) and really helped us make a decision about what we wanted. My partner and I each did a premiere meal (entree plus cheese fondue plus chocolate fondue for dessert). We also had some trouble deciding on which wine was right for us--the waitress was really helpful and gave us a taste of both wines we were choosing between, and really helped us make a good decision. :-) The starting course--cheese fondue (and salad) was really good. I loved the cheese and they had some fruits and breads to eat it with. It was wonderful. When it was time for our entrees (which included beef, shrimp, chicken, scallops, lobster and a bunch of vegetables), the waitress was very helpful in giving us a quick overview of how long to cook our food, which was very much appreciated. She was also great in giving us a quick overview of the etiquette and safety procedures for not burning ourselves. She was very helpful. Once we started eating, it was all amazing. The portions seem a little small, but by the time we finished eating, I was stuffed! All of the food was great. I did end up leaving my phone on the table to check the time periodically to see how long I was cooking everything (the idea of eating undercooked seafood or chicken kind of freaks me out...). All the food was great though--the food also comes with 8 dipping sauces. Some of them were great--there was a red chili sauce that tasted great with everything (especially the shrimp) and they had a Geja's sauce that was spicy and delicious. A dill sauce that tasted great on the veggies, and a BBQ sauce that was perfect for the chicken. Basically, everything was great. The dessert course was marvelous--they bring out the chocolate and flambe it for you at the table so that you can roast a marshmallow to start the course--it was adorable! The chocolate was amazing, but by the time it came out I was so stuffed from the entree that I could barely eat, but of course I had to force myself to eat some chocolate! Overall, this was a wonderful experience. It was definitely pricey (and looking over the wine list especially, I was worried about a little bit of price inflation--this is pretty standard at most places, but some of the bottles of wine were a bit overly pricey...). Although it's not a cheap meal, it was definitely worth it. It made for a special night with a meal that was a bit different. My partner and I really enjoyed ourselves. I am very happy we went--it will probably be awhile until we go back, but definitely an experience I will have to try again. Fondue is a fun experience, and though we've done it at home, it made for a great night at Geja's!
