Conflicted. While I left Ruth's Chris thinking that may have been the best filet I've ever tasted, the service was a 1 star, extremely poor experience and left me wishing I had gone on a different time/night/weekend due to the crazy Chicago Restaurant Week hype. We arrive an hour prior to our Saturday night 8:45 reservation, hoping to camp out at the bar. This was my first time here and was disappointed at how narrow and limited in seating the bar area is. Plus, it was so crowded that people were eating at the bar which annoyed me b/c we were only able to snag 1 bar seat for the first half hour there. Then around our reso time, I checked in with the hostess who then informed me there was a 20-25 minute delay on all reservations...WHAT? Doesn't a reservation defeat the purpose of a wait time?!? No apologies were made by the host staff or bar tenders who obviously noticed we had been waiting longer than usual. When we did finally get seated, our party of 4 was starving and ready to eat. We ordered calamari with a special request for only round pieces. It literally took over 20 minutes to get to our table and our server seemed to be avoiding us until it arrived. When we were finally able to get her attention she essentially blamed us saying that our special request was making the calamari take longer... a bunch of bull since we had the common sense to know calamari prep shouldn't take longer than 10 minutes. The rocky dinning start only set the tone for the rest of the meal. We constantly had to flag down bus boys and other servers to request more water, bread, etc. and at one point my friend's husband left the table to order a new drink at the bar. The limited times that we did see our server she was brief and disinterested. I seriously felt like we were being discriminated against or something. So, while the food was superb, the atmosphere was mediocre and the service was crap. I probably won't be back to the River North location but would look forward to visiting the Northbook or Barrington stores.
