Like the other hundreds of reviewers, i too thought this restaurant was in a league of its own. It is a very different experience than a french laundry or per se given it is gastronomy but eat here once before you die or multiple if you are so lucky. It is truly differentiated in its service, food and creativity, Grant Achatz is one extremely gifted chef and a thought leader in a the arena of food worldwide. The only thing i will tell you about the food is that no matter what sample menu you see on websites or elsewhere, nothing tastes like it sounds, everything is an elaborate experience. They have also customized all their plates and cutlery to be fitted for all that they do. Call exactly 2 months before when they start taking reservations and get one at 6pm because you aren't going to leave before 9pm. If you have dietary restrictions, TELL THEM. They are very good about customizing your menu but you really do need to tell them in advance. Each dish is small so you will leave feeling satisfied without being stuffed, they have perfected this in a way i have seen no one else do. They will give you a copy of the menu when you leave with all that you ate. Service: they section off the restaurant so wait staffs of 8 (maybe less) are only serving 4 tables at once. What this translates to is impeccable service. It is slightly creepy because there is always someone in the room if not 2-3 people so as soon as you are done with a dish, it is off your table before you know it. They also fill water so fast that my water glass never actually got below full. They clean the bathroom after each use. You are not allowed to use flash photography, i found this out by embarrassing myself so please don't do that. The servers are very quiet, they stare at you so you are not alone and you are aware of that but if you try to make conversation i found them to be pretty straight forward, they answer then disappear. I suppose that is just part of the experience where the focus is the food. I could tell you all that i ate but it is very difficult to explain in words so instead i'm uploading the pics i took and you can look at them which i is actually a much better way to try and understand what you'll be eating. Basically you taste things you never thought should go together and flavors you have never had before. The best part was dessert where Achatz came out and did the dessert creation on our table, there are many videos of this on youtube but it was really cool to see in person. Go to this restaurant, it is a foodie's dream.
