Love this place. First time I went with a group on a Friday night, it was bustling and quite loud. Not a surprise considering the shape of the space and the subway tiles that round the walls. I love the decor and ambience of the place. I love that it isn't the kitschy Irish pub that most places mimick and it is instead a modern version of the pub. And I love the bathrooms. I want to steal the sink and take it home with me. I ordered the Fish and Chips and they were quite good. Not as good as I've had in Ireland, but very good. There was so much on the menu to choose from, I really think I could have been happy with anything. Other guests found something they like--burgers, salads, seafood, and were happy as well. What I REALLY want to rec is this place for brunch. First off, you can make reservations so you are not waiting outside or for your tiny table for an hour. Second, the food was incredible. We made a reservation and were seated outside on a beautiful Chicago Fall Day. I ordered the seasonal omelette that came with the most amazing crisp brie potatoes I've ever had. Mixing brie with potatoes? GENIUS! My friends had an amazing grilled chicken salad served with cous scous and watermelon. I love an interesting salad at a restaurant. The buckwheat waffles were also delish. I must say the service on this specific day was one of the best I've had. Our waitress was prompt and helpful. And the manager came around to ask us how our dining experience was and was very present in the restaurant during the time we we were there. Our entire bill was under 50$ for 3 people with a drink and the meals, I really think that's reasonable. My entree itself was $10! To those complaining about the price, you can definitely take a jog over to D4 Irish Pub or down the way into the South Loop to Grace O'Malley's for some pub grub. This is indeed a nice step up! Its all about perception. If you go in thinking you're going to get a dollar burger and some drafts for $10, you're going to think its expensive. If you are thinking of it as a grown up version of an Irish pub or better yet a quasi fine dining experience, you won't be disappointed.
