Back in November, I told my boyfriend that I was going to take him out to dinner for his birthday and told him to think of an amazing place to go. He told me he wanted to go to Schwa. So I looked into it, and called for a reservation. In late November. In very early December they got back to me. And I missed the call. So I swore repeatedly, then called them back and left a message. They got back to me later that week saying they had an opening for two that very night. So I accepted and had a mini-stroke and then called my boyfriend to tell him to get hyped for some AMAZING food. So we got all giddy and starting thinking about the wines we were going to bring and what to wear and so on... And then Schwa called back, saying that the City of Chicago was going to be doing some work on or near the building and that their water was going to be shut off. Which, for those of you doing the math at home, meant that the whole restaurant had to be closed for the night. So the reservation we JUST MADE was null and void. The guys at Schwa were all kinds of apologetic about it and offered me the pick of the reservation litter: any day and time I wanted. So I went for a spot a week later, and broke the news to the boyfriend. A week later, I lost my job. The day after I lost my job, we were due to go to Schwa. Boyfriend told me to cancel the reservation and save my money and that we'll go when our finances are less tight. So I make the call and tell the boys at Schwa that they can give our spot away because I can no longer afford to eat there. They're sympathetic - and maybe a little moreso than the average schmuck on the street, because we've been playing phone tag for something like a month - and express their condolences. Five minutes later my phone rings. It's Schwa. They want us to come for dinner ANYWAY. And dinner is on them. We will be dining at the cost of FREE FIFTY-FREE. And then I cried. Because this kind of nonsense doesn't HAPPEN - not in real life, and certainly not to me. So we got ourselves prettied up and buy some wine, and headed on out to Wicker Park. And the gentlemen at Schwa were wonderful - personable, comfortable with the food (and they should be - the cooks are serving you and running the show there), and smartassed in a way you LIKE because it reminds you of your best friends who happen to be amazing chefs. (What? You don't have best friends like that? More's the pity, but you will FEEL like you have best friends like that while you're here.) And the food at Schwa was nothing short of AMAZING - the quail egg ravioli in brown butter with shaved white truffle, the veal heart with huckleberries, the apple pie soup, and the deconstructed PB&J dessert with black pepper ice cream were absolute standouts. I can't say enough good things about the food and it'll be a long damn time before I stop singing the praises of the chefs. We had an amazing night thanks entirely to the kindness and generosity of the gentlemen who run Schwa. Thank you, Schwa. Thank you so much. I want to send you cupcakes and hug all of you and you're all amazing, generous, wonderful people. Thank you.
