I had a very special dinner here with about 30 people for my partner's birthday. I never would have thought of doing this and he planned it all out himself. Clever guy, I knew there was a reason to keep him around! We had a special prix-fixe menu with multiple courses that was incredibly reasonable at less than $50 each, with alcohol up to our own choosing. They also allowed us to bring in some of our own wine, which was very kind. We more than made up the difference in cocktails and a generous gratuity which should be standard for those who BYOB in an establishment with a good wine list. Remember that, people, it's only fair to the staff! I should mention first that the space itself is gorgeous. Great energy, high (HIGH!) ceilings, and Spanish music that was at the appropriate volume. Small bar area, which is unfortunate for those without reservations or waiting on their late-comers. And now, the star of the show, the food. Oh, the food: The tapas were delicious and filling. We ordered, ala carte, a cheese course before our menu began and feasted all evening. The cheeses were wonderful and well appointed with pairings of jams and savory tapenades. Plenty of bread. Our first course consisted of pan con tomate, truita de patata con espinacas, and ensalada verdosa. Translated (for your reading pleasure) that means we started with bruschetta, a clever potato/spinach omelette that was delicious and hard to describe, and a green salad. Plenty to go around. Second course was gambas al ajillo, costillas de ternera, and datiles con almendras. Essentially, it was shrimp in a bubbling garlic oil, beef shortribs tapas-style, and bacon-wrapped dates stuffed with almonds. OH EM GEE. Those dates and shortribs haunt my dreams. Frankly, by the time we got to our third course which was chicken and chiorizo paella (paella valenciana), we were stuffed and it was actually anticlimactic. I nevertheless ate my share (what can I say, I'm a trooper!) and was very thankful that the kitchen was willing to take care of our non-meat eaters in the group by preparing alternatives to the paella and bringing extra non-meat tapas throughout the first two courses. That's just a major sign of class. Our server (who was the BEST) patiently took photos of our entire group and did an all-around outstanding job. And then they brought us the croquetas de xocolata, which have this marshmallowy banana in them as well as the chocolate, with candles for my birthday boy. Of course we all sang for him and embarrassed him thoroughly. It's only fair. An outstanding evening, all told, and one I look forward to repeating again soon.
