I just went to brunch here this morning and omigod y'all, SOOOOO good. My friends ordered bloody marys but really it was like a mini meal- it has a shrimp skewer in it. I AM NOT KIDDING. It came with half a dozen shrimp....and it was only 8 bucks! I am allergic to shellfish (FYI: Our server told me that I can't order a bloody mary there, even without the shrimp skewer because their mix includes clam juice.) I opted for a mimosa, which was equally quenching, and included my own mini bottle of sparkling, a separate glass of oj (mixing my own was great...I like it heavy on the sparkling, light on the oj) and a sugar rimmed glass. My only thing about that was it was $9.50. Seemed a bit much, especially in comparision to my friends' bloodys which took more time to prep and again INCLUDED A SHRIMP SKEWER. Sorry, the shrimp skewer is totally blowing my mind. We each ordered a different entree, and no one could finish because there was so much food. I got the chive and parm scrambled eggs, which came with a potato pancake and a side of toast (raisin, FTW!) I also opted to add a side of bacon, which was cooked perfectly. Everything was delicious, my favorite being the potato pancake. It wasn't some bland pile of fried potato, it had a delicious herb and sour cream taste and was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The whole meal was phenomenal and well priced. My friends got the steak and eggs and the canadian scramble. We all enjoyed everything. Also a big plus: the staff was all super friendly and helpful. Sometimes you walk into a place for brunch and the servers look like they are dealing with their hangovers or still drunk and have attitudes, but these guys and ladies were totally upbeat, friendly, and conversated a lot with us since we were seated at the counter. And props to the host...he was awesome. I'd love to come for dinner, but as someone allergic to shellfish who also doesn't like seafood in general, I think I may not get the most out of the experience, but I'm glad I came in for brunch and enjoyed all of it.
