In the summer this is definitely the place to be! This is actually my second time coming to this restaurant. The first time I went it was spring and I went in for a quick dinner with a friend. I liked the food the first time, but this time was even BETTER. When I pulled up to the restaurant it already had a different look. They turned the front parking lot into more outdoor seating. There were tables and umbrellas set up. There was music playing and the place looked pretty lively for a Monday night. I opted to to sit in the back patio while I waited to meet a friend. The patio walls all have murals on them with scenes of Cuban life which made the room very colorful. They also had lights and other colorful decorations up. Our table was in a great spot. My friend and I both commented we felt like were were on someone's porch or living room. The chairs we sat in were large wicker chairs that had comfy cushions. Just next to us was a small white couch. I think I could've sat there all night just sipping away my papaya shake which was extremely tasty and fresh. We ordered the Timba sandwich to share. It was kind of a weird combo to us - swiss cheese with guava presereves/jelly. But, it was good. I thought it basically tasted like toasted bread with butter and guava jam. We also had the beef empanada, goat cheese empanada, tostones, maduros, and the papa relleno. All of these items were very tasty. I loved tostones and these were prepared just right with garlic sauce dripped across the tops. My friend loved her goat cheese empanada. I did take a coconut flan to go. I was afraid I was going home with gelatin like or overcooked flan like I usually get at places, but I was very wrong. I was delightfully disappointed! It was DE-LISH. It had the custard texture I really love. It was thick and sweet. When we paid the bill, my friend commented on how inexpensive this place was. We had gotten so much for so little money. The service was excellent. Our waiter was extremely friendly and upbeat. I definitely will be coming back this summer, hopefully with a larger group of friends. I noticed on the menu that they are BYOB. But, even better you can bring in your own wine or rum and they'll make a pitcher of mojitos or sangria!! Next time, I'd like to try their passion fruit iced tea or a different flavor tropical shake.
