They should rename this place "Uncommonly Bland". After reading a few reviews, I realize I am not the first to think the food there is less than stellar. I should say that I've been to Uncommon Ground several times for brunch. It was always delicious. Big cups of coffee and hot chocolate, standard brunch dishes made from good yummy organic food, service was decent, the bar is lovely with the fireplace, etc etc etc. But, I suppose, cooking with bacon, how could you go wrong? And cooking other basics like eggs and french toast (which were probably slathered in pork fat from the above mentioned bacon) how could you go wrong? You can't. It's a freaking taste explosion in your pretty little mouth. Brunch here is pretty good. But dinner... oh dear. I cannot believe this was the same place! First of all, the dining room was unbearably LOUD. And I don't mean it "cool-and-lively-and-we-couldn't-take-it-because-we're-old-farts" loud (because we're not old farts), I mean "holy crap my brain is about to implode!!!" loud. I do not remember it ever being THIS loud for brunch, but I also don't remember it being as crowded as it was when we went for dinner. We were also seated in the middle of the dining area, so maybe that table is a black hole for sound where every noise gets sucked in and whirls around in a vortex from which your ears cannot escape. It was literally painful. A little soundproofing, anyone? Acoustic tiles, hello?? Good lord. The people working there will have 40% hearing loss if they stay longer than 6 months. Really. It's quite bad. After sitting there for a full minute staring horrifically at each other while trying to decide if we wanted to use this evening to hone our lip-reading skills, I asked if we could be moved outside, and the lovely hostess was quite accommodating.  Lemme tell you, outside is where it's at when the weather is cooperating. Quiet-ish, cute lights strung around, really nice. So we ordered some food. The food. THE FOOD! Argh. I am so disappointed I cannot even tell you!!! But I will. Our dining partners started with the squash blossoms, stuffed with ricotta cheese, I believe. Except they couldn't find any cheese... huh. Maybe a little schmeer. Maybe. Rather lame though. Maybe they forgot to stuff them? Couldn't find our waiter so didn't ask. My husband and I shared the grilled peach salad, which was served over bibb lettuce and had some (goat? feta??) cheese on it. It was so... tasteless. The dressing was... tasteless. Completely unseasoned. Just odd. Even the peaches, which were in season (but unseasoned, ironical isn't it?) when we went, were blah. But I thought maybe it was just me, so I didn't say anything. Entree time, which took forever to reach our table. With no bread to keep us occupied, and feeling completely unsatiated from the tasteless first course, we were pretty hungry. Between the four of us we had steak, chicken, goat, and the quinoa burger. Everything but the steak was again, SO BLAND! Like they didn't have one salt cellar in the entire kitchen. My goat was "with Thai basil", which for me was the selling point, and there was one little sprig on top. Couldn't taste it. The sauce was bland and flavorless. My husband's chicken was dry. The "corn pudding" upon which is was supposed to be nestled was nowhere to be seen. Maybe there was some corn there, but "pudding"? Not so much. Our friend's quinoa burger was flat and tasteless as well. The sweet potato fries were tasty, though (we stuffed a bunch in our mouths as the food came while she was in the bathroom, don't tell her).  The steak was fine, according to our other friend. We did ask for salt, and when it finally arrived halfway through our meal (where DOES that waiter go??), oh my god, WHAT a difference! Things actually tasted ok! Not great, because there was no real depth of flavor, but jeez, SO much better. The people in the kitchen need to TASTE! and SEASON ACCORDINGLY AS THEY COOK!!!! I had Gorden Ramsey in my head throughout the meal shouting "WHO MADE THIS?!? COME HERE, YOU STUPID DONKEY! TASTE THAT! DID YOU TASTE IT?!? NO OF COURSE YOU DIDN'T!!! F*** ME!!! YOU. HAVE. TO. TASTE. YOUR. FOOD!!!!!!! (throws plate in trash) BACK IN LINE!!!!! F***ING HELL!!!!!!!!!!" I'm all for low-salt if you're really trying to be "health conscious". But then, for god's sake, put salt on the table for those of us with low blood pressure and intact taste buds. Or you could just slather everything with pork fat from all that delicious bacon you cooked up during brunch. That would probably solve the problem too.
