Eh. Not sure what to say about this one... I'm a savvy diner. I'm a chef. I've been in this business a long ass time. Even after the bill was paid I was confused about my experience here.  On Mothers Day I went here with my little brother and the parental units. They had been here before, but had only ever sat in the bar area and order little appetizers from that menu. Much to my (and my mothers) surprise when we were seated (albeit promptly) in the dining room - only to see chefs wandering around the dining room with skewered meats going table to table. Gross. We did not know that this is what we had in store... I suppose it was our own fault...I should have Yelp'd the place first before we made reservations. But this is where the rest of the family wanted to go, so I made no judgements and was along for the ride. Once we were greeted by our server, he informed us about how everything works, including what they referred to as the "Harvest Table". Which was only a glorified salad bar. Sure, they had alot of options and everything looked fairly fresh - but for the price we were paying...well, I wanted more than that. The four of us had made at least two trips to the salad bar before our server finally came over with the plates that would be used for our meat offerings from the skewer-carrying attendants wandering around the dining room.  Apparently, you were to place a small rock by your plate when you wanted your meat...Not sure how they can spot that from the other side of the dining room - but whatever. The few things I did try off the meat sticks were okay...nothing to write home about. Salmon, pork, rump roast. Again, not really worth the price we were paying. The drinks were okay, overpriced. The first one I ordered I had to send back; as it was so awful I couldn't even swallow it. Something with alot of lemon, and little of anything else. I ended up with a grape-rosemary martini which sounds awful but honestly was the highlight of the meal. We ended the meal with the s'mores pie...I'm a sucker for marshmallow, so I didn't care that it said it served 2 or more people. It's what we were having! It was good, not great. But the portion size was huge, and it was more than enough for 4 people. The interior of this place is massive. Seriously huge. I just can't believe that it ever fills up, because I can't believe that people want to eat communial meat off a stick that badly. The roof deck was really pretty, and I imagine it might be a nice date night kind of thing - if you stick to the bar menu. I don't see it very romantical ordering meat off a stick on a first date - but that's just me.
