The food here is fantastic!!! We sat at the bar so I'm not too sure about the other seating situations that people felt so passionately about. We had WONDERFUL service from Pauly at the bar. He told me I could do "whatever I want" so he got major bonus points for that. We had the oysters- we tried the deep bay and the nootka and the wionna- the wionna were my fave! Then we had the mussles and they give you a pretty nice sized portion- good for two to share or for one as an entree even. I could have used a ladle for the sauce in the pan cause it was so yummy but they give you a nice loaf of warm crusty bread for dipping. I had to try really hard not to eat all that bread, knowing we were in for much more. After the mussles we had the pork rinds. I never thought I'd like pork rinds so much! Following the rinds, we tried the charcuterie plate. I LOVED this! The terrine with the fig inside was awesome and the head cheese was great with the salt on top. The pork pie wasn't my fave but the chef boyfriend liked it. And the sausage was superb with the yellow-ish mustard. Everything on this plate is scrumptious!! We followed this with the beef heart, the kale and the steak tartare with frites. The fries were good but not the earth-shattering moment I thought I'd be having after reading some of these reviews. I was more focused on the MEAT!  Vegetarians beware. Even the kale has meat in it! The steak tartare was excellent. I can't say that beef heart would be my first choice the next time but I was glad to try it. We had the waffle and the caramel nut tart for dessert (I know we are crazy eaters). I LOVED the caramel nut tart. The waffle is also good- very light and crispy and the butter is almost too good if you know what I mean! The bathrooms are really cool and ladies, there are definitely mirrors now!! Love the soap and lotions too! I really don't know what people are complaining about in the reviews on here. Maybe you should go on a Monday cause the place was busy but not packed and everything was top-notch. If you truly love food then I recommend trying this one out.
