After hearing many raves about this place and the fantastic reviews on yelp, I planned a trip here over two weeks for a celebratory dinner. Since PP is located on Michigan Ave, parking was not an easy feat. no valet. My party of three was told that it would be a 45 min wait around 7pm on a Wednesday, which we kinda expected. They took down my friend's number and called her when our table was ready. When we were back at PP, the hostess led us to the end of the communal table with the super high chairs... I'm vertically challenged, climbing on top of my seat was almost comical. Furthermore, there was not a lot of surface area for our menus, drinks and eventually our food. We were constantly trying try rearrange our plates and glassware to fit. I don't quite understand why were seated there when there were other normal size tables open at the time. Our waitress was very attentive during our visit but she went AWOL after we asked for the check. On to the food. We ordered the following: - Roasted Beets with goat cheese and pistachio vinaigrette - beets didn't taste like anything, maybe a spoonful of the goat cheese. Dish was alright. - Fried devil egg with caper berries - Should've read the description closely, it's one egg, people! One! For $6, would it kill them be give us another egg or two? Nothing special about it, Anything fried is good. - Fried pig ear with crispy kale - It didn't taste like anything other than SALT. The entire dish was over salted. Coming from someone who had pigs ear ever since I was a kid, the pigs ear tasted nothing like pigs ear. Kale was good though. - Fois gras - this is the second time I've tried fois gras and I was surprised when I didn't taste anything other than it was slightly sweet and the butter on the toast... Not sure what they were trying to do with it but it tasted nothing like the fois gras I had at David Burke's. - Roasted bone marrow - bone itself looked super dried out, the marrow itself was oily and didn't taste like anything. Again tasted only the toast it was on.... I had marrow before and doesn't come close to what we had. - Buttermilk brined quail with pomegranate sauce - mehh, it was alright. - Razor Clams - Salty and rubbery - Milk braised pork shoulder and mash potatoes - pork was nice and tender the mash was really good. - Mussels with pancetta - really good and highly recommend. the sauce is really good, especially with bread. Overall, I was really disappointed with PP, I expected much more than mediocre food, especially for the amount they were charging. I won't be back and pretty sure the other members in my party won't be back either.
