I've been to Caf 28 several times over the years and have always had a good meal and a pleasant experience. This summer a friend and I sat at the bar on a hot summer night, just drinking frozen mojitos. Even that was great! Each room has good lighting, nice ambiance and I have always had good service. This weekend was no exception. The BF and I were having an early dinner before a show we were seeing later so getting in at 6pm Friday was no problem, although the place was already busy, not packed. I found a Malbec on their wine list that I always love, Juan Benegas, which made me happy but not as happy as the crazy addictive spread for the butter. We had to ask- "What's in this??!!" Honey, chili butter. Very dangerous! Beware. Too easy to load up on that stuff, and you don't want to do that here.  It took me forever to decide between steak and pork... everything on the menu looked amazing. While I decided, we nibbled on a couple apps-  an order of grilled calamari with red pepper sauce and goat cheese and grilled asparagus wrapped in serano ham. The calamari itself was really good. I enjoy it grilled instead of fried. And the pepper sauce that came with it was very flavorful. I was confused by the addition of goat cheese though. Not a normal accompaniment to anything seafoody. They could have just skipped that all together. Then there were the mystery sauted vegetables that it said it came with. There were a few tiny specks of onion on the bottom of the plate. Not sure what happened there. Overall good though. The serano ham was particularly yummy and very salty. A nice combo with the charred flavor on the asparagus spears. I ordered the Bistec a la Cubana, which was a grilled ribeye topped with caramelized onions & mojo. Served with black beans, white rice, sweet plantains & frituras de yuca. The steak was slightly unevenly cooked, but when I found the pink part, it was delicious. Whatever they use for a dry rub or marinade is really good- spicy and peppery. I love to get a perfect bite of steak, black beans and plantains. I also tried a bite of the honey jalepeno pork chops and sweet potatoes. Lots of honey, little jalepeno. Kind of disappointing, but still quite good. Another heads up- this items would easily be a meal for two. It came with two HUGE porkchops over a mound of sweet potatoes. Who could eat all that?? Great for leftovers, but not if they have to sit in your car for 5 more hours. This place always has a fun vibe and I think would be ideal for a group where you can all share each other's meals and maybe just get a few things for everyone to try. Portions are very generous and you'll want to try them all!
