"There are no two finer words in the English language than 'encased meats', my friend." Thus sayeth the motto of Hot Doug's - nay, their very raison d'etre. Everything about Doug's is delightful, from the Wiener-on-a-Stick decor colors (bright primaries) to the names of the menu items (sausages are named after celebs, which change due to relevance - the Andouille sausage ("Mighty, mighty, mighty hot") is now the Salma Hayek but used to be the Ann-Margret).  Being Chicagoan to my core, soul food to me is a Chicago-style dog and fresh-cut cheese fries. Looking around Doug's, I'm not alone. The place is almost *always* packed. Not open for dinner, and if you're unlucky enough to get a craving during the lunch rush, be prepared to wait. The line often wraps around the corner and up the block.  It is so, so worth it. Hand-made gourmet fast food? Oh my God, yes please. One of the best Chicago dogs I've ever had, say nothing for daily specials like sun-dried tomato chicken sausage with fresh basil and mozzarella. You'll be surprised at the versatility of encased meats on this menu. Sausage aficianados will rejoice. Vegetarians will rejoice (when I was a vegetarian, Doug's veggie dog kept me very, very happy.) They even have corn dogs (which also come in veggie) that I mean to try every time I go in but usually get distracted from. The fries are hearty, crisp, and wonderful. The cheese sauce somehow avoids tasting fakey and processed (although it might well be... I don't know, honestly.) When I sit down with my tray full of goodies at Doug's (if I can find a table), I am at peace. My Dad opened a business not long ago closeby, and he started raving about the food. I've been going with friends since high school, so we talk about it together. My Mom is jealous that neither of us have taken her yet, so we'll certainly have to do that. Some things you should know: * The (expansive) daily menu isn't at all overpriced, but the daily specials are not cheap. They are, however, hand-made gourmet delicacies and they are huge, often with exotic or expensive ingredients. * There is an over-abundance of street parking. No porblem. * You're going to either want to call or check the website before you head over to Hot Doug's, because they like to close for a few days for silly reasons. Back from college for break, a friend and I were very disappointed when we got to Doug's (no line outside... bad sign) only to find them closed for three days in celebration of Don Knotts' birthday. Lesson learned. * And last but most important, Doug already likes you. He loves his business, he loves his food, and he loves his customers. When things get crazy, many business owners will check out and leave an employee or manager to deal with the havoc. But most of the time, it's Doug taking orders and dishing out change at the counter during the lunch rush when the line of hungry sausage-lovers is up the block and growing. And he's happy to see you!
