I came here last week for lunch and I believe that lunch vs dinner at the same restaurant can be completely different experience so I can only base this off of my recent lunch. I was torn on the decor - on one hand I liked it but on the other hand, it was sort of off since it is in the Blackstone Hotel - a recently restored and historic building.I realize they aren't the same but something didn't fit. However, I like the high ceilings, the windows and the bar area. I think it would all look better at night. Then again, I think about other restaurants that are vibrant and I think I'd say the same thing. They offer a lunch special - the Catalan Express where you choose from a soup, salad or sandwich for $18. Online, they listed cured meats and cheeses as an option but I didn't see them on the menu. My dining companions arrived before me and I didn't ask our server about the meats/cheeses as they had already made up their minds. We each ordered salads - they had the serrano ham and fig and I had the ensalada verde. The serrano was a surprising big portion and apparently tasted great too - the combination of the saltiness and sweetness with the cabrales worked well. I really loved my salad as simple as it was - asparagus, fava beans, avocado, green beans and a spanish cheese. It tasted fresh and filling - not like what you normally get in a green lunch salad - usually it's a bunch of greens tossed with a cherry tomato or two and a balsamic of some sort. For the entrees - one had the scallops which were nice and big and freshly seared and the other had a grilled chicken dish. The chicken looked and tasted good, not necessarily an interesting dish but I think that for one who isn't adventurous and wants something straightforward, it was a good choice. Maybe it's just me, but I find that most of the restaurants around the Loop have these "safe" dishes on their menu for lunchtime. I assume it's because they get people who work in the area or are tourists that are scared by anything that has any spice or is "different". I had steak medallions - small portion over what I think was a potato puree. The server advised me that the meat was prepared medium-rare which I thought would be fine. It was still a little bit to rare in the middle for me but I was pressed for time and didn't want to send it back. The service was fine, our server was a little slow in getting our order compared to how not busy the restaurant was - but not a big deal. Another server saw us trying to get his attention and came over to help. After spending time looking at the dinner menu, I'd definitely want to come back here - I'm curious what it's like on the weekends, I heard it was packed and wonder if it's with hotel guests or people from the neighborhood. I'd hate to see it turn into a Cafe Ba Ba Reeba.
