We will NEVER go back! So this is the second year in a row that I had a decent sized group go to Pequods to celebrate my birthday. Last year, although I had called to confirm my reservation numerous times, they did not have enough seats for my whole party, nor would they have even been able to fit everyone at one table, so part of my group had to be separated. A booth opened nearby, so it wasn't the end of the world. For some reason we decided to go back again this year (probably just because pizza is an easy thing to deal with for a big group to share). Again, I had called numerous times to confirm everything with our reservation to ensure we did not encounter any problems. I was assured everything was ready. We got there early/on time for our 8:00 reservation, and were told that there was another party seated where they were planning on seating us, and we'd have to wait for them to leave. There were 10 of us waiting around and it was HOT and CROWDED. There was nowhere for us to stand and they apparently did not know how to regulate the temperature in the restaurant.  FINALLY, after waiting 45 minutes after our reservation time, we were seated (probably because after 35 minutes I finally asked the party that was at 'our table' if they would be leaving any time soon, which I would NEVER normally do, but at that point we were pretty hungry and pretty pissed, and the manager clearly wasn't going to do anything about it).  All of that being said, I understand sometimes things like that happen, but ALWAYS when I've been in a situation along the lines of the restaurant screwing something up, they've tried to do something to accommodate us. This manager (Sean) only offered to pick up the tab on ONE pitcher of beer (again, there were 10 of us who had waited 45 minutes for our table, plus another 20 for the pizzas we had pre-ordered), and even that was only after I had asked him to do something for us. Seriously? The best you could do is one pitcher of beer for a party of 10 people?? Pathetic. I will say that I actually felt bad for the waitress. She was VERY nice and I wish her all the best in finding a much better place to work than Pequod's, as I can't begin to comprehend why she (or anyone else for that matter) would want to work there. In any case, we will NEVER go back to Pequod's after that AWFUL experience. There is MUCH better pizza out there with MUCH better restaurant management.
