I'm not one to throw around 5 star reviews but as far as Mastro's is concerned I am having a difficult time finding a reason not to. Awesome steak, great drinks, great atmosphere. The service was outstanding for how busy they were. Everything came fast and the waitress was helpful. She was not overbearing like some tend to be at fancy places, and only came to the table when she needed to.I started with the tuna tartare and sea scallops. The presentation for each of them was beautiful, and I was pleasantly surprised by the serving size of the tartare. I had expected a small dish and it ended up being a pretty large portion. The tuna was very fresh and flavorful, and despite it being larger than I had originally anticipated, it was still a very light dish and left me wanting more.The scallops came with 3 perfectly cooked scallops in a broth with a few pieces of crostini. They were also delicious, so complaints there, but they were not the best scallops I've had either. For me, the crostini and the broth really made the dish. The flavor combinations were impeccable. For my entree I ordered the 22oz porterhouse, rare. Not only was it one of the nicer porterhouse cuts I have encountered, but it was cooked and seasoned perfectly. They serve their steaks on 400 degree plates which I thought was a very nice touch as well. I can confidently say it was the best steak I've ever eaten.For our sides we had the lobster mashed potatoes and the sauteed spinach. It's difficult to mess up spinach so nothing mind-blowing there, but the lobster mashed potatoes were absolutely delicious. Hefty chunks of lobster throughout creamy potatoes. I could have eaten a huge bowl of it for dinner and left happy.The bar area was nice-- loud and crowded, but nice. It was difficult to navigate but I suppose that happens in successful restaurants. I had a martini, and the blue-cheese stuffed olives were the best I've had. They also serve the martini with the shaker, so you get an extra half drink out of it.The wine list is strong and extensive, and the bar is stocked with just about anything you could ever want. The decor is very nice-- very fancy, so it could be somewhat imposing if you're not expecting that. Dress accordingly. My only complaint was the lighting-- it was extremely dark inside and I had a hard time reading my menu. I would have liked the lights to have been turned up just a tiny bit. All in all, it exceeded my expectations, which were pretty high to begin with. It is extremely expensive, however I think that's to be expected at a place like that. If you are willing to spend the time and money on a dinner like this, it is highly recommended.
