I have to admit it has been quite many a years that I have visitited San Soo Gab San. And what a lovely experience it was. I will go straight for the review vs reading others so that I can be very much in the zone. At first we went to "another" barbecue place on Kedzie and Lawrence, but of course it was CLOSED DOWN! Which of course was to my advantage because I did eat at and know of San Soo Gab and I was about to have bragging rights? Heehee, but I digress. So we arrive at San Soo and I was happy that the parking lot was not crowded, this was a good sign. So here goes. We decide to have barbeque, but in Korea this is called Gui. Gui are grilled dishes, which most commonly have meat or fish as their primary ingredient, but may in some cases also comprise grilled vegetables or other vegetable ingredients. At traditional restaurants, meats are cooked at the center of the table over a charcoal grill, which of course is the "experience" we are going for here people. Surrounded by various banchan and individual bowls. The cooked meat is then cut into small pieces and wrapped with fresh lettuce leaves, with rice, thinly sliced garlic, ssamjang (a mixture of gochujang and dwenjang), and other seasonings. We start of with of course a Korean Beer (KO, I believe) and wow, a large  ($7.95) of course will quench the thirst of two, Thank the heavens Johnny remembers doing this at "another" bbq Korean Place because I was about to have this drag queen sized drink alone! Korean cuisine uses a wide variety of vegetables, which are often served uncooked, either in salads or pickles, as well as cooked in various stews, stir-fried dishes, and other hot dishes. So they bring us a plethora of vegetables such as: cucumber slices, bean sprouts, spinach, carrots in julienne strips, shiitake mushrooms in a nice sauce, slivers of zucchini, some fried eggs (small portions for 2), some doenjang (fermented bean paste), daikon, Napa cabbage, potato, sweet potato, spinach, scallions, garlic, chili peppers, seaweed, mushrooms and lotus root. Several types of wild greens, known collectively as chwinamul, and other wild vegetables such as bracken fern shoots (gosari) or Korean bellflower root (doraji) are also harvested and eaten in season and I am sure this was the season. What lovely dishes they brought, and so colorful. We started our 2 selections of meat (since there is a minimum of 2 in order to grill). Beef is the most prized of all meats, with the cattle holding an important cultural role in the Korean cooking, The cattle were regarded as servants and seen as an equal to human servants. Isn't that something? Bulgogi - thinly sliced or shredded beef marinated in soy sauce, sesame oil, garlic, sugar, scallions, and black pepper, cooked on a grill. Bulgogi literally means "fire meat." And it was living up to its name. And we also ordered chicken and they were so seasoned well. We accompanied this with thinly sliced cabbage, sweet potato, and some other glass noodle and this was awesome! This was our experience at San Soo and I hope you will try them out, don't expect an awesome looking restaurant due to the look being that of the original place. Wood walls and old fashioned (made of wood) tables that still have a sense of history in them. But the food by far outweighs the looks of the place. We went on a Sunday and still had a good time.
