DIRTY and REVOLTING. I'm sorry, but there is no ethnic charm in utter filth. People who've gone to this place and reviewed it favorably must have gone at night. And as for the Check Please folks, I'm wondering if the show's namesake refers to the need for an eye exam. We went to Tank Noodle for lunch today, and could not believe how filthy it was. The guy who sat us wiped about a square foot of our table with a dirty napkin that was left from the people before us! The rest of our table wasn't even wiped! And then he gave us menus that were crusted with stains and spilled food! Mine was so sticky that you had to peel the pages apart. Gross. Then we looked at the communal caddy in the center of the table -- which holds the re-usable chopsticks and silverware you're expected to use. The caddy was filthy -- with food spattered all over it. It was disgusting.  We ordered a papaya salad -- which was 12.95. I have no idea why it was so expensive -- since Som Tum at any other restaurant in Chicago is usually about $5. The portion was the same as any other place. We then ordered a stir fry dish (which was average at best), and a Taro Curry dish that didn't hold a candle to others I've had in the area (In all fairness, we may be used to Thai curries). We also had some vegetable spring rolls -- again, just average. Of Special Note: Vegetarians BEWARE. This place is serving all kinds of animals and their parts -- and if you're vegan, just forget it. ANYTHING you order here is going to be prepped and cooked on surfaces used for everything from frog legs to mammal intestines. Reading the menu literally made me queasy. Yes, they have a small "Vegetarian" section -- but it's not very interesting. Also keep in mind that the term vegetarian here does not exclude the use of fish sauce -- and possibly meat based broths. It was hard to tell really -- since we had to wipe away food stains in order to read parts of the menu! (I'm serious!) Oh, and did I mention that when I reached for a napkin, it was tethered to the caddy by a foot long piece of HAIR ?!?!?  Nice. No, Tank Noodle was NOT a good experience. Do yourself a favor -- and if you go, DO SO DURING THE DAYTIME so you can see what you're getting into. Seriously. It's filthy. The food was not horrible, but God only knows what was in it. And I must say, there are FAR better (and MOST DEFINITELY cleaner) restaurants in the area to hit. I say try Thai Pastry up the street on Broadway and give Tank Noodle the Heave-Pho. Gross.
