This is my first review and I figure why not review one of the best bars I've ever been to. I must admit that I have just moved to Chicago and actually went to this bar the last time I was in Chicago visiting before I moved.  Let me start with the entrance. I have been to many different cool clubs, lounges and bars and this by far takes the cake. Not only is it not marked with a gaudy sign or any sign at all, but there isn't anyone even outside to indicate that there may even be a place here. No velvet rope, nothing. It is a speakeasy in every sense of the word. The only thing that is kind of showing that there is something there is actually pretty funny. A spray painted pictured of a man who is all decked out and pointing toward the door greets those in the know. Also there is an old looking yellow light over the door. In fact, it seems as though they have painstakingly gone out of there way to make it seem like there is nothing there. Knowing what's going on and the signs makes you feel like you are part of a secret society....and maybe you are.  Once you go in the door you are greeted by a very dark hallway that leads to a set of plush, dark curtains. All this mystery opens up to one of the best spots in the city.  The scene in here is like out of Alice and Wonderland. Between the dark lighting, indie music and super high-backed chairs you really feel like you've fallen down the rabbit's hole. This is a great place to go when you want to have a great experience and actually be able to have a conversation. The drinks here are fantastic. The bartenders are more concerned with making your drink perfectly than to how many drinks they're cranking out, like in most places and they actually still practice mixology techniques that have long gone out of mainstream style. This leaves you with a true sense of craftsmanship with every drink.  All in all this place is wholly deserving of their current place as one of the best drinking spots in the country. I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys a truly great drink.
