For me, dining at Alinea is like going to hear Pavarotti sing at the Metropolitan Opera. Something I don't need to experience a lot of times or even two perhaps. It is an experience that is unparalleled and unduplicated live and in the moment but not something I crave or want more of at all. The experience at Alinea preys on one of our most basic human weak points: anticipation. After you get surprised (I won't ruin it) the first time, you are constantly looking at the vessels put down in from of you before the actual food comes and you begin to wonder and guess what could be next. That is a unique part of the Alinea experience compared to ANY other place I have ever been to.  The dining experience we all know well and can relate to consists of the acts of: seeing food, smelling food and then tasting food. (To Yelpers, there is one more: writing about food :-) SEEING the food here is like no place else. The presentation may seem whimsical but probably could not be more thought out. Every dish is a piece of art unto itself. No two plates were the same and there is a conscious decision for none of them to be even similar. The custom tableware items are essentially "serving canvases". They are mediums to help enhance the presentation and are often an integral part of each course. Discussing them in depth here I think would take away part of the experience. Once again, the anticipation was one for the best parts of the meal so I will not go into detail here but I am sure other reviewers have. Just rest assured, you WILL be surprised and you WILL be impressed. The SMELLS of the courses at Alinea were like nowhere else I have ever been. Some of the smells they used did not come from anything that was actually consumed in that particular course. When was the last time or have you ever had someone tell you: "Here, smell this but you are not eating this. That is just for smell. This part over here, this is for eating."? You haven't. I haven't and 99.9% of the world hasn't. It's because it doesn't make any sense to us and we have never been forced to consider it...until a place like this comes along and shows you what the experience can be like. You will TASTE things here that you have never tasted before and you will taste things here in ways that you have never tasted them before. They are not traditionally slow cooking and developing flavors here. The chef has very specific tastes that he is trying to impart on the diners. Most of these tastes and some of these flavors, I have never experienced. Every dish had multiple components. Some worked. Some didn't. Some had very specific instructions on how to eat them, others were specific that there weren't any instructions on how to eat them, which actually made those instructions specific. After most courses, we shook are head in agreement that there was "a lot going on there" or "that was good" but few courses left us wanting more of any particular dish even though some were only one bite. As far as a "Dining Experience" goes, Alinea is tops. If this where food is heading, it will be an interesting ride but part of the a conversation that we had was that this is the ULTIMATE gluttonous and selfish experience. You are not coming here because you are hungry, you are coming here because you want to be surprised, pleased & entertained. It gives new meaning to "Dinner Theater" . It is worth noting that while the service was impeccable and I do mean IMPECCABLE, there is a distinct lack of warmness and personal experience that you get at other similar caliber restaurants (Le Bernadin & Daniel). We left realizing that no one ever asked us ONE question about ourselves besides "Do you have any allergies?". When have you ever been anywhere and them not ask you where you were from or if you were celebrating anything, etc... As much as Alinea exploits our basic weakness for anticipation, it neglects our more basic need to feel like we belong, are liked or are important. None of which is the responsibility of a restaurant but why bother trying so hard with EVERYTHING ELSE just to let this not even be considered. Once again, you eat here for the experience. Having the diner feel like you actually care about them and their experience (which you are creating) is just as important as anything else. When you spend $700 on dinner, I don't care who you are, you wouldn't mind someone asking your name. There is an incredible amount of time and effort that goes into every presentation here and that alone is worth the price of admission. However, for me, "Best Restaurant in America", is somewhere I would want to eat in again. This is not it.
