I have to say I was a hesitant to say the least about going to The Purple Pig. When a place advertises itself as a cheese, wine and swine place it is not too enticing for a vegetarian to go to. Chefs Scott Harris of Mia Francesca, Jimmy Bannos Jr. and Jimmy Bannos Sr. of Heaven on Seven got together and created The Purple Pig. Jimmy Sr. was given the option to open up a restaurant in this centrally located high rise building with one set back. This is an all electric restaurant, no gas is allowed because it is a high rise. Setting that aside, all partners invested in top of the line kitchen appliances where flavour for sure would not be compromised. Jimmy Sr. basically explained to me that all of them have creative ideas with their dishes. The food presented here is anything goes for that day and what they can get their hands on. I love that. I found their menu very creative. The dishes are a collection of seasonal items current at the time. Most of the dishes are quite small in general (like tapas style) but I like that. This is a place where you could go for a quick bite to eat after work or have a short get together with your friends. Don't expect a quiet dinner for two here, it's not going to happen, it's actually quite loud and the setting reminds me of Avec a little bit. Their menu is diverse and there is something for everyone here, I loved it all. I loved the shaved Brussel Sprouts with Pecorino Noce and Parmigiano Reggiano. I'm from the land of Brussel Sprouts and who knew you could make a slaw out of them? Yummy! The Butternut Squash is to die for, this is a dessert dinner. Sweet yet seasoned just right to tap into your savoury senses also. They have wonderful tasty libations and the wait staff are quite knowledgeable in that dept. Their wine selection is awesome and I do suggest buying the 1/2 bottle selections etc. so you can sample quite a few. I had the opportunity to sample all their desserts and I in general am not in particular an ice cream fan. But...their soft serve Olive Oil Ice Cream was to die for. The Festa Di Santa Lucia Crema was awesome also. Wow I was stuffed afterwards! The downside of this place is it can get quite noisy sometimes and it gets very crowded near the door. There really isn't a waiting area and the toilets are also located right by the door, so it gets a little bit hectic over there. I'm sure at some point they will learn how to deal with the influx of people in that area. The heat/air sometimes blows on you also, making it a little bit uncomfortable when you are eating. Overall I love this place. the food is top quality and the staff are very friendly. It's something different on Michigan Ave for sure!
