I really, really, really wanted to love this place. I'd heard so many good things, and my friend and I used to drool at it while we worked out across the street at Bally's and she would tell me how amazing it was. We often said we needed to make our way over there, and tonight we finally did. Service was... how do I put this... the very definition of lackadaisical. (Yes, I've been dying to use that in a sentence.) When I entered, a guy informed me all the booths were full and just kind of motioned towards the tables. I took that as my cue to pick my own table. Table selected, we sat down and our server came over. We ordered drinks, and she didn't seem to want to take our food order. I can't figure that out. I started with the house salad, which was very... wet. I felt like I needed a paper towel to take some of the water off the lettuce. The salad was just okay, nothing earth shattering. My friend got the minestrone soup, and I didn't think to ask her how it was but she gobbled it up so I would assume it was good. We ordered a thin crust pizza.... yet when they brought it out it was pan. We said we ordered thin. The server said we ordered pan. I assured her we did not, as pan was never even a consideration for us. The server said it would be 10 minutes to get a new pizza. Okay, fine. But there were no apologies for screwing up our order, and I felt like we were putting her out. You know, for *her* mistake. Finally the correct pizza came out, and it was piping hot. I was so excited to dig in... but it was just... missing the mark completely. The crust I had heard so much about was dry and didn't really have any flavor. The sauce was eh. The cheese was eh. I mean, it's pizza, it's pretty hard to screw up, but it just fell way short of my expectations. Pizza consumed, we waited forever for our check. Then we got to talking and might have forgotten about it. But when we realized they were getting busy and we needed to give up our table, our server kept walking by and not picking up the check and the obvious credit card laid down on top of it. I finally flagged her down, and we finally managed to leave. I hate to say it, but I won't be going out of my way to come back here. But they were pretty busy tonight, so I'm thinking they won't miss my business...
