Best upscale dining experience in Chicago to date. I had the privilege of going to Sunday brunch yesterday with my friend and we had a 5 star experience. It had been rumored that in order to get a table, you had to have a reservation at least a week in advance, so I followed the protocol and made a reservation for 2 at 10:30a.m. I watched Dale on Top Chef and he was my favorite! I was like an excited, school girl waiting for the doors to open. From the moment we walked in, we were treated like royalty. The service was amazing. They took our plates as soon as we were finished with the appetizer, brought us fresh silverware for the main course, and our glasses were never below half full. Ambiance: Before reviewing the menu I was taking in everything about the restaurant. We sat in the middle of the house away from the front formal dining room. It was immaculate. It's decor and layout was polished, rich, bright, and beautiful. The way the sunlight from the wall windows shined on the cobble stone floor was beautiful! So first things, first---Cocktails. I thought I'd be bold and try cocktail with the bacon infused vodka, a honey soy reduction, pineapple, and ginger beer because it just sounded too interesting to pass up. It was surprisingly pleasant. It was a little odd getting the flavor of bacon in your mouth, but not have that feeling as if you just bit into a crispy piece of bacon. I liked it. I had skimmed the menu on line and had narrowed my decision down to 3 choices. Luckily, my girlfriend had done the same. We're big foodies, so we don't mind sharing off of each others plate, so we decided to get one of them as an appetizer, and then order the other 2 that we both had narrowed it down to and eat off of each others plate. Appetizer: Ligonberry French Toast All I can say is I experienced the best tasting french toast I've ever had. It was light, yummy, and didn't leave me feeling 10 lbs heavier. My entree'- Sausage: Biscuits & Gravy Friend's entree'- Skirt Steak & Salad Then the en tree's came and the presentation was spectacular. Mine was amazing. What an excellent take on biscuits and gravy. It was spicy, creative, filling, and delicious. This Southern girl was happy. I sampled my friends entree and it was also delicious. The flavors were very complimentary and the perfect texture of cold and warm. Our waiter was incredibly nice, attentive, and the price was spot on. We have every intention to go back. Dale Levitski should have won his season of Top Chef. I now know he can definitely give Stephanie Izzard a run for her money. In my book , he is the Top Chef.
