well, if you want to feel hip with the in crowd then i'm sure visiting the violet hour will give you that feeling. i had passed by several times and would see people having a smoke outside and always wondered what was going on in there since the front is all boarded up and there for you assume it empty. but once you walk in you are greeted by a tiffany blue velvet curtain with a sign in front of it saying please wait to be seated. on the other side is a tall very friendly sharply dressed gentlemen that will peek his head thru and ask how many. (we showed up around 9ish on a friday and did not have to wait. we left around 11ish and there were about 6 or so people waiting in line) one thing to know is that they will only allow in as many people as they have seats. everyone must have a seat you will never go in there and see it crowded with people standing around because that is not allowed. so after he checks to see if there is any available seating he will then escort you to it. the whole place looks decedent but sparse. they have very very high backed booths (so not comfortable) and booth-like chairs and chandeliers. they definitely need overly ornate gold leafed framed pieces of art work on the walls because they look a little blank. and the lighting is dim, very very dim. you need to lean towards the candle on your stool-like table to read the menu, at least in back you do. according to my friend that took me there the drink making process is very complicated, he sat at the bar last time he was there and said that the bartenders use eyedroppers to measure everything out exactly. plus after we told the waitress our order she said it would take 15 minutes. so i had the winter sangria and it wasn't that great. i tasted a lot of cranberry juice in it. my friend said that all their drinks were amazing but i guess not mine. all drinks are $11 and the beers are $5-6. oh and the door guy said that they prohibit the use of cell phones which is weird because i was waiting for my boyfriend to call me and felt nervous to just pull it out and look at it. i felt like they would throw me out if seen with a cell phone in hand. i had to go to the bathroom (which they have no signs for so the sound of flushing has to tip you off when you go down a random hallway and see 3 doors with no indication on them) and use it in there. which is completely ridiculous. and the waitress took for ever to give us our bill then to come retrieve it and give us change. but she was super nice. it was interesting but kinda boring in back. next time i wanna sit at the bar and watch these bartenders with their eyedroppers. and make sure my boyfriend is with me so that i have no use for a cell phone.
