It seems like everyone else really loves this place, but it was by far the worst dining experience I have ever had. I even signed up for a Yelp account just so I could negatively review them.I came on a weekday for dinner with three friends and ordered their signature crepe - I think it's called the Icosium something obvious like that - and the whole experience was just bad. It began with my lamb soup which had absolutely no lamb in it, just globs of lamb fat. Grossed out, I didn't eat it. Then I remember sitting for a long time with a mint leaf in an empty glass because, despite being overstaffed for the amount of people in there, it took forever for them to get around to filling water glasses. When they did fill them, the water was room temperature. Next, the crepe. Good God, the crepe. This thing was so overcooked that texture was somewhere between rubbery and crispy, loaded with luke-warm filling. It seemed like it had maybe been sitting out for a while. Grossed out a second time, I didn't eat it. Now, at this point, I would be disappointed but it wouldn't be a huge deal, but it only got worse. The waitresses, seeing that I took maybe two bites of a gigantic crepe, didn't bother asking if everything was okay. After ten minutes had passed since everyone else's plates were cleared, she finally comes up and asks me if I was finished. I say yes, and she takes it away without even asking if I might want to box it up (obviously I didn't, seeing as it was nasty, but she should have asked). Then, when I went to pay, I asked to speak to the waitress. I told her that the crepe was not enjoyable and that it seemed like it had been sitting out and that it was overcooked. At this point, any normal waitress would offer to remove it from the bill or offer to replace it... or at least apologize. Not her. She totally started arguing with me! She told me that I should have sought her out if I didn't like my food, that I had plenty of time to tell her something was wrong, and that it was somehow my fault. I work in a restaurant, too, and I have/would never start an argument with a customer like that. The food was bad and that wasn't her fault, but it also definitely wasn't my fault.I have always been proud of what a good tipper I am, but I left her nothing. In fact, I may have told her off a little and left in a huff.
