In case you missed it, Graham Elliot Bowles told The Tribune his biggest pet peeve about diners is yelp. Here's the link: http://www.chicagotribun Well now I can see why. People might actually tell the truth! But I wasn't going to hold that against him. I mean a good restaurant is a good restaurant. I like food. And drinks. I just don't like paying through the nose for average food and horrible service. Here's a quick rundown on the food, in case you don't believe me and decide to eat there: Popcorn: I don't know. We didn't get any! This was the start of the joke of a dining experience we had at GE. It wasn't until we were mid-entree that we noticed people that walked in after us were given popcorn upon arrival. Then we remembered that annoying popping sound on the website and realized we'd been had! Chopin's Prelude cocktail: Nothing special. Had a pickled potato at the bottom, but that certainly didn't make or break it. If there was some sort of complex flavor combo, I didn't taste it. Considering they literally had someone's name with the title "mixologist" on the menu, you'd think they'd nail this shit all day. Oysters: Disgusting. After only a couple attempts at eating raw oysters, I've realized I simply can't do it without a bunch of horseradish and cocktail sauce, so this really isn't the fault of the restaurant. I guess I shouldn't have taken part in this order, but I heard something about champagne foam and got sold like an old shoe. Graham topped all 4 (srsly? $11 for 4 oysters?) with a different topping for each, so I only tried 2, but both should have been featured in the magazine Nasty Nast Traveler. Risotto app: Pretty good, but a very small portion. Had some sausage and fresh basil which was nice. It was topped with cheese, which I thought was kind of cheating. I mean, I could put cheese on cigarette butt and it would taste good. I'm actually messing around in the kitchen and making risotto for breakfast now btw. I'll let you know how it turns out later in the review. Crispy pheasant with foie gravy: This was the main course that all the servers seemed to rave about. I guess it's a play on chicken and waffles. The foie gras flavor in the small amount of gravy they gave me was all but absent. The pheasant was crispy and good, but really? This is the best you've got? This is a $16 entree priced at $35. After our entrees, we were so annoyed we decided to skip dessert. Just then we finally received our second round of cocktails that we'd ordered literally 25 minutes prior and had to ask for twice. I'll race anybody that thinks it takes half that amount of time to make a dirty martini. Our waiter was unapologetic as he delivered them just after our plates were cleared. We asked for the check, and he screwed that up too. More waiting. Now generally, as long as I'm getting what I order, my attitude can best be described as something along the lines of, "I just don't give a fuck," but this was the worst service I've ever had at a restaurant. No joke. And when you're paying $80/person before tip, your expectations tend to raise a little. So I decided to do something I've never done before, I asked to speak to the manager. Pal, who claims to be the GM, introduced himself and handed us a business card with his name WRITTEN on it. Ok, first off dude, you're the GM of a nice restaurant charging exorbitant prices. Someone needs to pony up for some business cards with your name actually printed on them. We explained our horrible experience with our server to him, and rather than you know, doing anything about it or saying he'd talk to the waiter, he said something like, "This is a very good restaurant, we hope to see you again soon for a better experience." What? So I said, "Well at this point I have no plans to come back. We paid a lot of money and had a bad experience. Why would I come back?" I was pretty mad at this point. I figured he'd hand me a gift certificate or something which I'd probably tear up on throw on the ground on or give to someone, but no. "I'm sorry, and we'll look forward to seeing you again." Wow, Pal, if there were a customer service class, you would have aced it buddy. Next time I hear a restaurant is "unassuming' or "playful" I'll know the English translation for that is "classless ripoff". This place should change it's name to Bowles Movement, because they treat you like shit. Anyway, enough about GE. Reliving the memory of last night is giving me diarrhea and hypertension. On to happier topics, like a risotto update. I just fucking rocked that. Mushrooms, bacon, egg whites, truffle salt, and cheddar. Yeah, I cheated too. PM for recipe info.
