A good friend has been telling about this place for a while and we FINALLY went today for lunch...and I am GLAD I did. Located north of Foster on Western, San Soo Gab San is a traditional Korean BBQ place, but they serve a wide variety of Korean delicacies besides grilled food. When we got to the restaurant, there was a small parking lot in the front. A VERY small parking lot. Now I have not been to this place on Fridays and Saturdays, but based on the food, I would be amazed if this place is not packed! When we entered, the second thing I noticed about this place is the VERY orangey color on the walls. Again, thankfully, I am not there for the decor, which I found kinda dull and very halloweenish! On the other hand, there were other people who were enjoying their grilled meat on the over the table grills...and the delicious aroma MADE ME HUNGRY! The third thing I noticed was the menu...it was the size of one volume of almanac...very big. Again, I was amazed by the variety of dishes and I cannot wait to go there again to try some more stuff. So, for starters, I ordered tempura fried oysters (as you may know, I can have a full diet on oysters if I had my way!). When the oysters came out, they were freshly fried, very light on the breading and made me want more...but I was saving room for the piece de resistance! Both my friend and I ordered the Dol Sot Bi Bim Bob...which looks like a stew dish because it is served on a traditional stone bowl that is extremely hot. This dish, consists of the following: a layer of rice at the bottom of the searing bowl, topped with vegetables (greens and mushrooms....mmmmm) and beef, with a sunny side up fried egg on top. I personally did not think there was a right way to eat it....but my friend taught me her technique of meshing it all up and adding the special sauce they gave us...WOW...talk about a hearty delicious meal. This dish also came with their version of miso soup, with chunks of tofu and cucumbers in it...and very soothing! And no Korean meal is complete with a sampling of pickled veggies...the kimchee was especially outstanding. So, if you live in the north side and fancy Korean food, try San Soo Gab San...You won't be sorry!
