Awesome!  We visited last night and left happy. We were celebrating 7 years of being together (since our first date). He wanted to go somewhere nicer (Alinea had been mentioned in previous weeks). I wanted to go somewhere casual, cheap, and good. Gilt bar isn't exactly cheap, but it's worth the money. I've mentioned in other reviews that my husband cooks for a living. We were told to go there to eat. A bit of advice: eat where the cooks eat. We ran into two people he knows from work. Yeah. It's that good. We got-- Beer. Neither of us was particularly interested in the listed cocktails, so we just got beer. the bone marrow on toast- for some reason I was expecting some kind of pot of marrow. Nope. We got three halves of bones and a bunch of almost-burnt toast and some fabulous onion jam. I'm typically kind of weird about bones, but this stuff was sooo good. It's fatty and flavorful and perfect.. And the jam is something I could eat every day. My husband had been mentioning the foie/liver dish, but I don't think he was disappointed to get this.  orecchiette with pork sausage- Wow. So good. We skipped the truffle pasta after my husband's comment that "for twelve dollars, it's probably not actually truffles." He meant that it's probably truffle oil. We had shaved truffles a long time ago and the texture is so important to me. I would have gone for the gnocchi, but we saw it on two menus yesterday and decided we could make it at home. We're so glad we got the orecchiette. It's spicy, oily, and awesome. Get it. Hamachi crudo- He got this. It was presented beautifully. I was reluctant to take a bite because it was a smaller portion (big for a crudo, small as a main). I'm glad I did. There was a little chilli oil and some chives. It was delightfully clean. Pot roast with glazed vegetables- The major disappointment of the night. It came out BLACK. Yes, that was intentional. The inside was still juicy and really spoon tender. I just really hated the charred outside. He loved it. Also, the root vegetables... What comes to mind for you? I think potatoes, sweet potatoes, carrots, turnips, and all kinds of other things. It was onions and a couple of pieces of sweet potato.  It was still really tasty, but my expectations were a bit different and I was disappointed. The coconut/mocha pie. Delicious. Amazing. Awesome. I'm a dessert person, but we had eaten so much that I picked at his instead of ordering my own. I should have gotten my own. The portion was surprisingly very large (1/6 of a pie or so). We devoured it. I'm sure we'll return to Gilt Bar. It was really good. We got all of that for about $103 before tip. (He got an $11 beer). It's pretty reasonably priced and appropriate for groups of people.  Just make sure to make a reservation. It was PACKED on a Tuesday.
