A cute place just opened in Uptown on the corner of Broadway and Lawrence. I've been waiting with excitement since I've never had Ethiopian food. They didn't disappoint me.  The place is actually pretty big. The tables are well space out and everything has that nice new feel, without looking sterile. It's very welcoming. There's a long wooden bar on one side of the restaurant. We sat near the bar and decided to try a few of their wines.  All the servers looked African and had cool accents. Our server in particular was very nice. She talked to us a little bit since it was our first time. It was then I learned there is no silverware. We were about to eat with our hands. How unique. My BF had the sweet honey wine; we were told it was an Ethiopian specialty. It was sweet alright. VERY sweet. LOL. But it was good. I couldn't drink more than a glass though. If you've had Muscat wine it's like that only sweeter. I had the Pinot Noir and it was wonderful; really light and fruity actually, but not as sweet. We decided on one chicken dish and one lamb dish.  They came out together on this big round silver platter. The platter was lined with the biggest crepe I've ever seen. It's not actually a crepe; it's the Ethiopian style of bread. But it has the consistency of a thick crepe, only cold and with more little air holes in it. The bread also had a distinct sour taste to it. Like sourdough bread. They also gave us two additional breads that were rolled up like huge napkins. Our server instructed us to use the bread to pick up the food and enjoy. The meal came with two side dishes. One was a mash of sorts with potato and carrot. It was tasty, slightly sweet...not hot, but not cold either. The other side was mashed lentils. The lentils were spicy ( I thought) but the BF said they were mild. Our dishes both came in bowls and looked like stew. I was wondering how on earth we'd be able to pick up the food with the bread when it was so liquid.  Also there was a layer of oily something on the top of the food. I'm not sure it it's like Indian food and was clarified butter or if it was really oil. But it was tasty...just really messy. Despite my best efforts it was running down my hands. I noticed too, when I went to the bathroom to wash up that it left a slight stain on my nails, but I've had that happen with curry before too. My lamb came in small hunks that were still on little pieces of bone.  This made it a little easier for me to pick them out. But they were really little and while the meat had a wonderful flavor it wasn't as tender as I thought it would be - given that it looked like it had been stewed. Also the cuts of meat were pretty fatty. So I had to really work to get to the good stuff and there wasn't a whole lot of it. But there was a ton of the stew and lots of the bread and I certainly could have stuffed myself silly with that. My BF had chicken drumsticks in a similar sauce as mine, which I can't adequately describe - other than yummy and tasty. But his also had lemon and hard boiled eggs. The chicken meat was really tender and juicy. Again since it was on the bone it was easier to handle.  The bill was around $35 which I thought was super cheap considering we had two glasses of wine. As we were wrapping up to leave the owner came up to us and asked us about the meal. He was very kind and genuinely interested in our feedback. We were definitely made to feel welcome. Now I want to go try other Ethiopian places to see if there is a difference. So I'm glad this cool ethnic place opened right near my house. It gave me an opportunity to try something different without going far from home.
