We went here on Friday for a friend's birthday. Arrived at about 8PM and the other 10 or so people there for the party were in attendance already gathered by the bar. Upon walking in, the place itself reminded me of a smaller version of Quartino due to the mostly wood decor, large bar with tons of wines displayed, white menus with an array of small plates/cheeses. I always enjoy Quartino and even though the two places have no relationship to one another other than my personal observation I fully expected to enjoy my time here especially based on all of the great reviews and buzz Purple Pig had been getting. Anyway, while our group moved from the bar to the table (no reservations, so it was the matter of jockeying for position at one of the larger communal tables), I waited by the bar to order Amy and I drink - stood there for what was easily 5+ minutes (it wasn't packed) and no one took my order. Decided to sit down and order from the server instead. He was extremely nice but very slow and disorganized- it took over 10 minutes to get a mixed drink and a glass of wine. This continued the entire time and I never quite understood why. A bunch of different items were ordered - the cheeses we had were great and the smear was pretty tasty as well. I didn't sample everything but did order the milk braised pork shoulder for myself figuring a featured pork item in a restaurant focused on pork would be a great representation of the place. It tasted like a bad version of the slow cooker pot roast I make for Jewish holidays which is kind of funny in itself. My pot roast rocks. This was dry and uneventful - the only saving grace were the mashed potatoes on the plate but once those were finished the pork couldn't hang on it's own. I realize that my two star review is in the midst of a slew of 4/5 star reviews so I guess there's always a chance that I was there on an "off" night however between the nonexistent service at the bar, the slow table-side service and the very disappointing pork dish I see no reason why I will ever return.
