I had received a 2 dinners for the price of one coupon for Brazzaz in the mail and decided to take my boyfriend here for his first Brazilian steakhouse experience. The salad bar has an excellent selection and I probably could have gotten full on that alone. Overall, I think the salad bar at Fogo De Chao is better. However, the salad bar at Brazzaz does have some hot pastas including cheese tortellini and mushroom risotto which were both very good. Now to the meats. We tried our best to sample every meat offered on the menu.  Here is my review: Coulette - Very, very flavorful. My boyfriend really liked the pot roast and had a second offering. Top Sirloin/Bottom Sirloin - Both were excellent but I think I liked the top sirloin slightly better. Filet Mignon - Very good. It did not disappoint! Rack of Lamb - I was very sad I did not like the lamb chops here. I usually like lamb chops and had a great experience with lamb chops at Fogo. I was really looking forward to trying the lamb chops here too. Lamb - I did not like the lamb here either. I'm use to lamb having an after taste but this time it was too strong for me to enjoy.  Beef Ribs - Extremely tender but a tad bit too salty. Garlic Beef Coulette - It was alright. I didn't think it really stood out to me. Pork Tenderloin - It came covered in parmesan cheese which was tasty. Ribeye - Very tender and juicy. Bacon Filet Mignon - This is probably my favorite meat here. The filet wrapped in bacon gives it the perfect flavor combination. Bacon Chicken Breast - I'm not big on chicken when eating at a steakhouse and felt it was a waste of stomach space. Chicken - The same as above. Nothing special. Pineapple - I never knew how much I would appreciate a pineapple until eating meat after meat after meat. The pineapple was great to eat between like you would eat ginger between sushi pieces. Shrimp - Also very good and deserving of a second offering. The fried bananas side dish was delicious. We also ordered the flan for dessert and it was superb. The servers were extremely accommodating and made sure we got to try everything at least once. I think my boyfriend and I left eating a week's worth of meat and probably won't be eating meat anytime soon.
