I'm something of a Cuban sandwich expert. Well, at the very least, a Cuban-sandwich aficionado. So when I was told 90 miles does 'em well, of course I had to verify this. So off I go, my partner in crime and little sis in tow, two of my favorite food-trying pals. Parking lot is tiny, but you can find parking down the street, don't fear. Ambiance is terrific: I could almost pretend I was in Cuba aside from the dreary Chicago sky and melting dirty piles of snow.  First stop, empanadas. Um, yeah. So this is pretty much my favorite appetizer. It's like a high class hot pocket, one that is acceptable to order out. So I did. Three of them: goat cheese, chorizo, and guava and cheese (my favorite). They're big, lovely and wonderful. I rank them chorizo, goat cheese, then the guava. Still not quite as wonderful as Habana Libre, who has the best, flakiest empanada I have ever had, but the assortment of fillings made them almost better. And then onto the Cuban sandwiches. Very, very nice. Dip 'em in their homemade hot sauce, I dare you. We were warned by our server that sometimes it can run a bit hotter (they make it fresh from a habanero sauce base) so tread carefully before you full on dunk your Cuban. Trust me. Today it was perfection. Oh yeah, and the cafe con leche had me smiling all afternoon. Buzzing pleasantly with caffeine is how I get by, don't judge me. So, two Diet Cokes, three empanadas, three Cubans, a chocolate flan, two cafes con leche set me back $50 including tip. Not bad at all. Service was great, very helpful and friendly, and my water glass stayed full (important when you're hot saucing it out). I can't wait to go back, bottle in tow with the weather warmer and enjoy the patio action I saw. Oh, it's heated now for the winter, in case you really feel like pretending...me, I'll wait for some summer. Tips: don't face the window when it's nasty out, it'll only kill the Cuban buzz. Embrace the salsa music. Dance if you wanna. Bring your own, it's allowed (and probably will enable the aforementioned dancing). Eat pork. And be happy.
