Where do you stand on Cheez-its in risotto? You may be neutral to the idea, but more likely you will either think Cheez-its in risotto is clever, subversive, and rad or you are borderline repulsed because (a) Cheez-its are a processed, kinda gross cracker or (b) putting cheez-its in gourmet food is way too postmodern/hipster. This was the discussion I had to have with my traveling partner (TP - ha ha) before he would eventually be swayed to my conviction to try this newly established restaurant. We pretty much had one window of opportunity for fine dining during our visit to Chicago and this is how we spent it. And we ordered the damn risotto. So we walked in at 9:45 and were told that in a few minutes a table would open up. This is not a good strategy to take, say, at 7:30, but the place was quieting down when we walked in. I started with "London Calling" - a concoction of gin, citrus, and cucumber - so refreshing! - and my TP had an edible sangria. I have never seen anything like this - it was a sorbet-like concoction based on fizzy port with slivers of fruit, to be eaten with a spoon. Also at the bar, we had calamari "curly fries," which were thin calamari steak strips battered and fried and served with an aioli with the consistency of cheese spread. Damn good - in fact, the hostess, who felt comfortable with us by then and was coming around to seat us, asked if she could have one. She used pretty good judment in figuring out that we would find that novel. The menu was simple and organized, the wine listed as pairings. As the food came out, the chef's philosophy became apparent. Each dish was edible art - but not stuffy museum paint-on-canvass art, the kind of edgy art you find on First Fridays, with embedded objects and mixed media, the kind of art that tells a story first and foremost. In the case of the risotto, which also boasted PBR-glazed onions, aged Wisconsin cheddar, and cured bacon was "everything Wisconsin" (our server Julia* engaged us at some length on this topic). We also enjoyed: seared scallops, crab-cucumber gaspacho, and honey lavender chicken. Each dish built on the other and had some note of childhood/comfort food (ie, fried pickel!) in it to complement the "gourmet" components. Graham Elliot definitely pulls off "fine dining redefined." Without a doubt, one of my favorite experiences in dining! *Julia was also enormously helpful in getting us to Wicker Park and gave us a list of places to try.
