Hands down, Vietnamese food is my favorite cuisine. It's fresh, healthy, and super nutritious. Unlike most Asian cuisines, it is non oily and completely filling. I do not get hunger pangs an hour later. We live right on the edge of the city and suburbia. There are no Vietnamese restaurants within 30+ minutes of where we live. There are nights that I fall into a deep depression thinking about the taste of Pho, lemon grass beef, and nuoc cham. Though it is only 10 miles away, I seldom have the patience to deal with traffic and parking meters. My sister offered to babysit for us tonight. We had absolutely no plans and we were both craving Vietnamese. We decided to brave the circumstances and headed for Tank at 9p.m. There was absolutely no traffic or parking issues. Yay!!!! Tank is not pretty to look at. Decor is not a priority here. You are immediately assaulted with the smell of Five spice and cinnamon. The windows are steamy, and you are immediately enveloped in a flood of warm air. I really didn't care, I was here to eat. I almost cried looking at the menu. I really wanted to order everything. They have my favorite soup. Sup Mang Tay Cua. It is a crab and shrimp egg drop soup served with bamboo shoots. They also serve the best F**king Vietnamese Iced Coffee. I decided to behave and only order what I knew that I could finish. Number 83. Rice Vermicelli noodles served with a pork cutlet, lemon grass shrimps, beef and a spring roll. My husband ordered their Pho with everything in it; bible tripe, beef, fish ball, meat ball, and tendon. The servings at Tank are huge! The Pho portion was enough to serve 3. It comes with a side of lime, fresh sprouts, jalapenos, Holy Basil, and mint? My noodles were generously sprinkled with crushed peanuts and came with a side of nuoc cham. I also add hoisin and chili paste. The two of us ate in complete silence. I could easily eat here everyday and die happy. Service is what you would expect. It's fast and they were courteous, but do not come here with 5 star expectations. Dinner and 2 coffees totaled only $25.00! Super cheap!!
