I am the undisputed Cheese Burger expert in the Windy City. Woke up this morning feeling slightly tired and hung over after attending an amazing party in the suburbs the night before. For a late lunch/early dinner today, I knew I would need just the right meal to absorb the liquor and jump start my system back to normal especially since I have to show up for work bright and early Monday morning. I have heard of so many new burger joints popping on the north side, today was the perfect day to try one of these new spots.  The Bad Apple is located on Lincoln just south of Lincoln Square, between Montrose and Irving Park. Over the years, this area has been built up with a ton of bars and restaurants. We conveniently found parking on a side street half a block away. The Bad Apple is located on the corner and has an outside eating area. My fianc and I decided to eat in doors. Inside the place is an open space with a large bar and bar tables & chairs laid out across the room. The back room which is attached and sectioned off by large curtains must have just been opened since it was completely empty. We decided to sit in this room since tables & chairs were normal height and I wanted to be waited on. The place is clean and nicely decorated. Television screens strategically placed in case your conversation stalled. The background music being played was a great mix of early hip hop and mash-ups.  Our waitress was professional and friendly. She knew the menu well and offered intelligent suggestions. During our meal, she checked on us regularly to make sure we were happy and didn't need anything else. The Bad Apple offers a variety of draft and bottled beer along with an incredible selection of burgers, salads, and starter items. To drink I ordered a "WITTEKERKE" which is a light beer from Belgium with a citrus flavor. Maggie ordered a "LAGUNITAS MAXIMUS DOUBLE" which was a darker beer with a hint of grapefruit, apple, and other pine flavors. Both beers were delicious! Each beer served in it's own unique glass. To eat I ordered the Mahalo burger, "Ebel's weiss ham, grilled pineapple, honey cilantro vinaigrette, provolone cheese". Maggie ordered the Big Texan, "topped with house pulled pork, fried onion rings, BBQ sauce on Texas toast". Both the burgers and beers were DIVINE! The burgers are served with house cut fries. I love house cut fries, but in my honest opinion the fries were over cooked. The ketchup and mustard tasted good, but was slightly off. I love going to a restaurant when I could tell for sure they are using French's and Heinz brand. Over all, The Bad Apple has a great location, friendly atmosphere, knowledgeable staff, great beer selection, great burgers. I would have to go back to see the fries being over cooked was a one time occurrence or served this way by design. I would also love to see them using original store brought bottles of ketchup and mustard. I give The Bad Apple 4 out of 5 stars.
