What a shame. Proving yet again that one rude person can ruin a potentially enjoyable experience, the hostess at Hop Leaf single-handedly guaranteed we won't return. We arrived at 10:45 on Monday night, just 15 minutes prior to the close of their kitchen, and the door attendant at the front said we still had time to eat but asked if we could order quickly - fine by us, we just wanted a burger or whatever would be easy and quick on the kitchen staff. We've both worked in food service and understand late arrival situations and how to make things easiest on the cook line. Heading back to the dining room we waited 5 minutes with no greeting from any of the numerous crew rushing around us, then the hostess arrived and said, "Yes?" Not hello, not good evening, not I'm sorry the kitchen is closed - just "Yes?" We asked if we could still place an order. She asked, "What do you want?" We said whatever was easiest. She looked at her watch, sighed, stared at us and said, "The kitchen's about to close." We told her the man at the front had invited us to head back and we did still have 15 minutes according to their service hours. Meanwhile the dining room was quite full and the venue stays open until 2am, so we were hardly going to keep anyone there late. We were still standing there losing time and asked if we could sit down. She said, "You need a menu?" Again, no offer to seat us, no kindness, just contempt and disrespect. We thanked her and walked back toward the front door, she turned and walked off without a word, no doubt thrilled for our departure. Just nasty.  I have no name since she wouldn't do us the kindness of saying hello - perhaps she was tired or wanted to leave early, or maybe she thought she was doing the kitchen staff a favor by trying to turn away late customers. My hope is that this was a one-time unfortunate incident by a very rude person, but whatever the reason for her behavior it put a sour taste in our mouths - for now we'll simply spread the word; head to Hop Leaf, prepare for disrespect. Too many other good choices in Andersonville and Uptown.
