Factoring in the incredible prices, Sun Wah receives my first 5 star rating. Everything is as advertised. Three guy friends and I visited Sun Wah today for a Saturday lunch. I called yesterday to make a reservation and pre-order the Beijing Duck Feast ($40). The service over the phone was above my expectations for an authentic Chinese restaurant.  Entering the restaurant, the overall feel was pleasing -- compared to traditional Chinatown places, much cleaner but not exactly a date place either. Nevertheless, we weren't expecting the latter and simply wanted great food. The place was less than half full at noon -- we enjoyed prompt and friendly service throughout. The waiters had a competent grasp of English, Cantonese, and Mandarin. The food was was very quick from kitchen to table. The Duck Feast is as advertised. Crispy skin, flavor-bursting, moist, all you can ask for in Beijing duck. The steamed bao was the perfect complement to the duck -- I'm very glad they made the conscious decision to use bao vs tortilla. The soup made from the duck bones was hearty and provided a nice balance with the wintermelon. The duck fried rice was ordinary but still enjoyable. The homemade sorbet at the end was interesting, not sure what flavor it was (ginger perhaps?) but a nice ending to the meal. In addition to the feast described above, we also ordered the Beef Chow He Fun (wide rice noodles). The amount of beef and vegetables besides the noodles was very satisfactory. The large plate was merely $10. Even without this dish, we wouldn't have gone home hungry, emphasizing even more how amazing the prices were. Altogether, we paid $16 each which included tip. I'm not sure you can find one order of Beijing Duck anywhere else for this price, let alone this quality. Sun Wah also seems to be a good place for take-out. I ordered the Pei-Par duck, Barbecued Pork with Honey, and a Salted Fish with Diced Chicken Fried Rice to go. The portion/price ratio is just as impressive. I ate these for dinner and still have leftovers for tomorrow. The fried rice for only $7.75 is a steal.  The only con is the difficulty in reading the menu. Half of the menu is read one way before you have to flip the menu upside down to read the other half. That being said, the menu is large enough that I cannot wait to return to try other dishes at Sun Wah.
