I feel like a dick for bringing my boyfriend here. This time I have to say that yelp let me down. It's not that it was bad. It's that it was ok. For $75 a person. And just ok. The staff is really nice, especially since I spilled my drink. On someone sitting at another table. And that girl was so sweet about it that hopefully it didn't ruin her $75 meal. I'm so clumsy this doesn't even embarrass me. A day in the life of Heidi. I really really feel awful about that though, kind stranger, marvel ling at the mung bean paste. But back to the review. We went on no-menu Sunday. The concept is that the chef goes to Green City Market/Logan square farmers market and buys things and makes a menu based off of that stuff. Most of what we had is on the Tues-Fri menu so I'm not entirely sure what special thing came from the farmer's markets for the day. Here's what I remember: Soba noodle salad type dish. I had duck confit in mine because I asked for no shellfish (shrimp was the alternative). Not too bad. I liked the tempura asparagus a lot. Definitely won by asking for no shellfish. Quail lollipop with an anchovy on top. It's the size of a lollipop as quail are not particularly large birds. Meat was kind of tough, a little salty. Tasmanian Ocean trout. This one was REALLY salty. Every dish had little sauces artfully plated but the primary flavor I noticed was consistently salt. Main coarse was definitely not up my alley. Veal cheek and marrow risotto. The risotto flavor itself was kind of interesting but the risotto wasn't completely cooked. I struggled through the marrow and cheek with the encouragement of my boyfriend, but the textures just don't do it for me. I left a chunk of cheek (?) and the waiter kind of looked down his nose at me when he saw it in the bowl. Pork bun. Basically a bao. Flavors were typical. Tasted like every other bao I've ever had. Cheese wonton. Embarrassingly, my favorite dish of the night. It was like a chunk of string cheese wrapped in wonton. Tasted eerily like crab rangoon. Dessert plate of cantelope, honeydew, two tiny donuts, a cookie. The dough was definitely overworked. Trust me, I eat an embarrassing amount of pastries. I enjoyed the raspberry whipped creme one of the donuts sat in. Portions aren't large, as you can expect when you plan on eating seven courses. It's byob which was a plus (though the joke was on everyone else when i spilled my drink, am i right?) But the thing is, I just wasn't moved at any point in the entire meal. I'm a girl who LOVES to eat. ALL THE TIME. But there wasn't a moment when I found myself making deep guttural noises of appreciation (not in the restaurant, anyway). The dreaded conversation about what we should eat when we got home came up too. I was literally feeling kind of depressed when we left there. I just had higher expectations. Believe it or not, I've eaten at a fair share of expensive and highly rated restaurants and this one impressed me the least. There was nothing I feel like I must have again, nothing that was memorable ( I struggled trying to recall what we ate), and nothing that seemed fresh or innovative. The flavors lacked enthusiasm or surprise. I'm really sorry about breaking that glass though, ok?! Oh, and $5 for espresso? Shame on you.
