We went this past Saturday with 2 other couples, it was my second time at the restaurant. We got there about 10 minutes late. I tried to call and let them know, but after waiting on hold for over 15 minutes, I somehow got disconnected - and by that time we were at the restaurant anyway. Our reservation was at 9p.m., we didn't get seated until 10p.m. I would've been more understanding, but this was the 2nd time that I was seated an hour after my actual reservation time. And walking back to our table, I would say about 25% of the tables were empty and already re-set for the next customers. We got drinks at the bar and I had a sip of my husband's Carnivale Margarita - it was delicious and potent. My mojito left quite a bit to be desired. It wasn't strong, nor was it good. Plus, it is really difficult to get a drink at the bar. They need to add about 3 more bartenders to deal with the number of customers they have. When our little buzzer finally went off, they walked us to the back of the restaurant, up the stairs and to the far back room up there. There were only about 4 other tables up there, so unfortunately it really took away from the fun music and buzzing atmosphere that I loved before. We did ask to sit in the dining room (which is where they seat everyone with reservations) however I would ask to sit in the great open room on the first floor. Very fun to people watch and be surrounded by the bold colors and funky pictures on the wall. The appetizers were great - GET THE ROPA VIEJA! Honestly, one of my most favorite appetizers ever. And get the Hook's Cheddar cheese - we did a cheese plate with 2 Hooks Cheddar and Manchego and loved all of it, especially the jam that comes with it. It compliments the cheese SO well! I had the Costilla de Res and enjoyed it, it was tender but a little dry. Everyone else liked their dishes as well - we had the Chuleta, Pernil, Arrachera and Pollo. I just wasn't very impressed with the food - and I hate to say that, but it was really just meh for me - and from what I heard, everyone else. For dessert we had the churros and brownies - the churros were amazing. Reminded me of the delicious donuts you get at fairs! I can't say if I'd go back - or bring friends from out of town. Our food was pretty disappointing, as well as the hour wait with a reservation, and the service in the bar was not speedy nor friendly. We all had a good time - but I think is because we were with a good group. By the end of the meal, we all wanted to just go home instead of out dancing because it was near midnight. I think next time we'll bring friends to Nacional 27 - I've had amazing food there and delicious drinks that knock my butt to the floor from very friendly bartenders. If you do go to Carnivale - it is a fun atmosphere and the interior is very funky and bold. And valet is only $5. Make sure to go to http://chicagohalfoff.com to get $50 gift cards for just $25. Make sure to watch for them, they sell out quickly.
