On our recent trip to Chicago, Cafe 28 was suggested to us by a co-worker of my wife's. It was to be our "first" meal in the Windy City for the trip. We were staying out by O'Hare airport for the first part of our trip. To get to Cafe 28, it was going to be a little bit of a mission. But we were starving and got a shuttle to the subway. 40 minutes on the blue line, transfer in The Loop to the brown line, 20 minutes on the brown line to Irving Park Road. This restaurant was at the end of the block the subway station was on. I'm so glad it was because it was 40 degrees, pouring and windy as hell. We opened the door. Aroma smelled good. I was curious as to what a "Cuban/Mexican" restaurant was going to be like, as we don't have that in NYC or Boston. I was already pretty sure what I was going to get, as we had perused the menu before we left and I wanted to try the Honey Jalapeo Pork Chop and that wasn't on the lunch menu (which is why we decided to go for dinner). It wasn't too crowded and we were seated immediately. Nice decor, Latin themed music in the background, primarily Salsa with mixes of Merengue and Mexican musica. Later in the evening though it started to change to slight punk with jazz and Spanish rock. A little odd lol. Prices are a little high for a Cuban spot. I know it's a classier joint, but it's still rice and beans. My wife ordered a sangria. I ordered a regular Mojito. With the restaurant not being to crowed, it took awhile for our drinks to be made. Finally they came out. Her sangria was ok, nothing special. If anything, it needed more wine. My Mojito was decent, nothing special. It too needed an extra dash of Rum. They served us some fresh baked bread and a to die for honey jalapeo butter. Probably the best plate there. Gone in minutes. And the second one followed soon after. We started off with an order of the ceviche for the wife and I got the special of Rollitos de Carne, rolled beef with spinach and cheese in a sweet balsamic honey sauce. Her ceviche was different. It was in a tomato based sauce. Different but not bad. My Rollitos were very tasty, but a little on the cold side. Four of them came in an order. If they had been hot, they would have been the best plate. My wife opted for her favorite classic de Ropa Vieja. I went for the honey jalapeo pork chop, but the single chop. I asked to change the sweet potato mash with rice and black beans. Mistake. Again, we had to wait a while for our food. So long in fact that we ordered another round. We didnt want to but we did. We opted for beer this time as neither of us really enjoyed our drinks. I asked our waiter what beers they had. He showed us a list. I asked him for a description of them (Is it hoppy? Malty? Light? Dark?). He wasn't very helpful, answering with shrugs. So we switched to Spanish for the rest of the night. Even in Spanish he really had no clue about the differences in beer they had. I went out on a limb and ordered a local brew by Goosehead Island that I hadn't seen in NYC. Very light, not my type but I still swigged it away. Oh yeah, so long in fact that we finished our second round and then a round of waters. Finally the food came out. My wife's plate was average size. Good flavor, I think it could have used a bit more Sofrito, garlic and fuller tomatoes. Black beans were good but I think a little more smoked pork and garlic. Then they would have been perfect. But then I'm Puerto Rican and know how to make good rice and black/red/beans/gandules. My pork chop was huge. Very tender and juicy. Good flavor. But it was very sweet (the honey) and I could not taste any jalapeos to save my life. What sucked though, is that by switching out the sweet potatoes, they served my rice UNDER the chop. So it was DOUSED in sweet honey sauce. Not fun at all, especially considering I'm not much of a sweet toothed perso n. My beans were on the side. But we were so famished that we finished half our meal by the time the waiter came back out. I dont know what he was doing since we were the second of his two tables. I didn't want to spend more time waiting for another plate of rice. At least my wife was somewhat happy. As we were getting ready to leave, we noticed that it was monsooning outside, so we decided to wait it out by splitting a flan (considering I was still hungry since I only ate half my plate). Flan was average flavor. All in all, the bill came out to $100 including tip. A lot for two at a Spanish restaurant. Finally the rain tapered out and we left. While we were waiting for the subway, we both looked at each other "Good . . . but I/we don't need to go back". I think that speaks for it all . . . And the return trip? 10 minute wait for the subway. 25 minutes on the Brown line. 5 minute wait for the blue line transfer. 35 minutes to Rosemont station. 5 minutes waiting then driving to the hotel in the shuttle. Total trip time: 2 hours and 20 minutes. Shorter than the time we spent at the restaurant.
