We were here at noon on a Friday and didn't have to wait in line at all. We walked right in, went straight to the front counter and ordered. About 5 minutes later, however, the line was out the door. To be honest, I kind of wish we'd had to wait a minute so we could have had more time to look a the menu and figure out how the whole ordering process goes down (it's also very, very loud and hard to hear the cashier). I ordered the Pepito Torta and my friend ordered the Cubana, with a cafe con leche and Diet Pepsi to drink, respectively. We also ordered salsa and chips, two cups of Almendrado and an order of three churros. They ask you if you want to wait for your churros and chocolate until after you are done eating, which is nice. You get a number and then there is someone there to seat you (we were seated at a counter facing the wall that runs through the middle of the room). The tortas were incredible. The pepito was unbelievably juicy and rich, with braised shortribs, caramelized onion, jack cheese, black beans (I couldn't really taste the black beans) and pickled jalapenos. It kind of reminded me of a fancy Italian beef sandwich, and I mean that in a good way. The crusty bread was topnotch. The cubana was possibly even better, with smoked pork loin, bacon, black beans, avocado, jack cheese and chipotle mustard. The pork was also crazy juicy and it had just the right amount of smokiness, with lots of cheese and thin layers of the avocado and mustard. The place is very busy and people are running all over the place, so I had to go up to the counter and ask for my coffee and our chips and salsa. She brought the chips and salsa and then I asked for my coffee again and she asked if we just wanted our churros and chocolate at that point as well, which was fine (the cafe con leche was delicious, but Rick Bayless always seems to have great coffee at his restaurants). The chips and salsa were good, but nothing special. The salsas are the same that you get with the tortas and the tortas are so huge and filling that sides are really unnecessary. The churros were amazing. They were light, airy, crisp and sweet. Certainly the best churros I've ever had. The almendrado, on the other hand, which is a shot of chocolate made from their fresh-roasted cacao beans mixed with almond milk, was way too sweet. I only drank half of mine. It was fine for dipping, but it's actually a fairly good sized cup and it was just too rich and cloying for both of us. Maybe it would have been good in an espresso cup so you had just a taste. I would certainly go back for the super tasty tortas alone, although I want to try the caldos so bad now, and ending with the churros is a must, although I'd try one of the other drinking chocolates.
