I love this bar. I've only been here on 3 occasions (twice for dinner and once for lunch) but each time the service has been fantastic. But even better, at Revolution they couple good service with great beer and terrific food. In my world, we call that a hat trick. Revolution is a two story restaurant with that cool Logan Square hipster vibe. But without the hipster 'tude of some of the Wicker Park or Bucktown places. The building is warm and aged with brick and the upstairs landing wall is covered in whiskey barrel slats. The booths downstairs are comfy and the bar is easy to sit at. They sometimes have a line, but just go grab a beer at the bar. It is a brew pub, so go ahead and try that beer. You'll like it, I promise. But when it comes to food, ooohhh baby! You've got to start with a few appetizers. If I am sitting at the bar, I like to order the Bacon Fat Popcorn. Yes, you heard right, popcorn popped in bacon fat oil. After trying this here, I went straight home and started to keep my bacon fat in a jar just for when I make popcorn at home. I love it. As bar food, I also like their Pretzel. They make them there. They don't grab frozen crap that they reheat, nor do they buy them in bulk in a bag. They bake them and serve them with some dipping sauces. Honestly, I have never tried the dipping sauces because I like the pretzels so much alone. If I am ordering food and its cold outside, I like the cheddar soup. It's good. Now as a main course, I have had the Margherita Pizza, the Farmhouse Burger (lunch) and the Porkchops. All of them were good. Trust me, if there is something to complain about, I'd be the person bitching...I do it so well. At least, when it comes to food. The Farmhouse Burger comes with all kinds of crap on it, and, well, just read my moniker, and you'll know I'm the gal who can't leave well enough alone, so I order mine different. I like the burger, with the egg and add cheese and bacon but leave off the horseradish, beets and spinach. The people here are nice enough to indulge my childishness without complaint. I like that. But, regardless of the main course you order, just make sure you order it with the Garlic Cream Cheese Mashed Potatoes! Oh My God!!! The Hubby and I LOVE them. Hubby says he could go to Revolution, eat nothing but the mashed potatoes and be a happy man. Last meal on earth happy. Yeah...that good.
