I've been waiting to finally find good Mexican food east of California, just a little something to remind me of San Diego. This not only brought me back to San Diego, but gave me a taste of Mexican food that is rare even in the golden state. Beer selection: Very impressive beer selection, especially with the Goose Island Fleur exclusively brewed for Xoco and the Rabbit Ale with just enough hops to wash down those tortas. Aztec Hot Chocolate: Similar to the one offered at Max Brennner's, this is simple yet so decadently guilty - essentially melted chocolate with chili and allspice. Yum. Chips and Guac: Guac wasn't super impressive, but it is Guac so I'm a fan! Tomatillo salsa and Red Chili Salsa were very good, right on par with SoCal. An additional thumbs up for using homemade fried chips instead of packaged dry tortilla chips. Xoco Salad: Normal salad - thumbs up for adding fresh avocado, but thumbs down for the high price of 9.50 Wood-Roasted Chicken Pozole: This is an awesome soup that would be the perfect Hangover medicine of Mexican food alongside Spicy Beef Tripe Soup. Big chunks of roasted chicken, Puffed Corn Pozole (like really large barley) to soak up that broth, and spiced up with a kick of chili and lime. Pepito Torta: Awesome, tender braised shortribs that falls apart in your mouth like pulled pork or brisket, caramalized onions/beans/Jack cheese to further please your umami cravings, and pickled jalapenos to add a little flavor. Top Chef Torta: As if tender braised lengua (beef tongue) wasn't enough, they add in that spicy Chorizo just to spoil you. What made this my favorite Mexican dish I've ever had outside of California, however, was that the whole combo of these two amazing meats, potatoes, avocado, and salsa verde. If they changed that avocado to guac, and added in some pico de gallo/salsa fresca, however, this would quickly be a contender even with SoCal caliber places. Churros with Chocolate Shot for dipping: This is not your Costco or state fair churro. This is the original churro just like those I've had in Spain, seasoned with complex sugars and cinnamon, fried crispy on the outside and smooth on the inside, complete with thick melted chocolate for dunking. Don't get turned off by the long wait, it is well worth the wait. On my next trip to Chicago, this will be one of my first stops!
