We dined at the restaurant on April 30 for an early dinner and found the experience pretty underwhelming compared to our other dynamite eating experiences in Chicago.From the start, it was pretty obvious we were going to be rushed through in order to free up the table for a later reservation. We were encouraged to order quickly and all of our food arrived so fast it couldn't have been prepared to order. One quick note about the ambience. It's very dark and the music is incredibly loud and overbearing, to the point of not being able to hear the server speak. We asked if it was possible for the music to be turned down, but were told the chef sets the level and it couldn't be altered.On to the food. The deconstructed Caesar was artistic and good, but the plate was too chilled and it had obviously been prepared far too far in advance. For the main, I ordered the lamb and my friend the veal. But when two plates of lamb arrived, we explained the mistake. Our server informed us that she "heard lamb", and basically blamed the error on us. Both plates of lamb were taken back to the kitchen. Less than a minute later, the correct order appeared, but the plates were dropped off with no explanation or description.I can't speak to the veal, but my lamb was okay, but everything on the plate was at room temperature. I would have liked at least something to be hot.We finished with dessert and tea, and when the bill arrived, we were charged for two lamb dishes. When we brought this to our server's attention she told us that we weren't charged for the one dish she took away, so it all worked out. You mean you didn't charge us for the dish we didn't order, and the same one you took away and we didn't consume? How generous!We politely explained that the veal and the lamb were in fact different prices. Her response? "Well if there's a difference, it was probably only a dollar or two." Nice. She begrudgingly offered to correct our bill, and then slammed the new bill down on the table without a word of apology or thanks. The veal dish, by the way, was $3 cheaper than the lamb. A small thing perhaps on a $200 bill, but still, why should the customer be charged for the server's mixup?Overall, we appreciated the artistry of the plates, but in terms of taste and customer service, we had much better luck at Table 52, Blackbird and Frontera Grill during our stay. Graham Elliot was the most expensive of any of our Chicago meals and by far the most disappointing.
