My fiance and I were anxious to try this spot, as we love dining out all over the city and watch a lot of Top Chef. Graham Elliot looked promising and modern, so we admittedly went in with high hopes for a delicious meal.Our server was very nice, attentive. They have a very interesting cocktail menu so I asked which he would suggest. He said the Pixie was incredible so I was immediately sold. I received my drink and it tasted like unsweet grapefruit, tequila, and water.  VERY disappointing. I couldn't even finish it.The server then brought popcorn to the table instead of bread or whatnot. This really set the tone for dinner. Graham Elliot is more interested in being funky and unique than actually making your dining experience a delicious one. The popcorn was good - but it was popcorn. It gets stuck in your teeth. It is teh exact opposite of how I would like to being a fine dining experience.We gave this place a shot and ordered lots off the menu. They had fois gras lollipops as a special so we ordered them to see what it was about. It was fois gras on a stick with pop rocks on the edges. yes pop rocks. it was weird.Then we got the oyster flight - which was OK. Certainly nothing to write home about. We got the short rib sliders which were on special. This was the highlight of the night - which doesnt say much considering I could have gotten the same thing but better at English or any bar in the city. We also got the risotto - which was bland. None of this food is seasoned properly. Good food makes you want to keep eating it, it shouldnt feel like a chore.Since we were so underwhelmed by this whole experience, we decided to split an entree. We ordered the monkfish at the suggestion of our server. It was incredibly bland and nearly inedible. Very very disappointed.At the end, the server brought us a complimentary cup of hot chocolate from the chef. It was delicious. A tiny sip of very rich chocolate with a dried cherry and a marshmallow. We decided to go to NoMi for dessert instead of stay there and be disappointed any longer.this place is highly overrated, and really not worth your time.
