This place sucked so bad that I never had the misfortune of having to sample their food. They might just have the WORST service of any restaurant in Chicago. I attempted to take my girlfriend there for her birthday celebration since she had never had fondue coupled with the fact that Geja's has this glowing rep for being the most romantic place on earth ever since I started keeping track. I made a reservation long in advance specifically requesting a booth. So where do they seat us upon entering? We're placed next to a drafty window right smack on top of another table, hardly what you'd call "romantic." I asked the hostess to give us a booth. She replied it would be about an hour wait for one, even with my reservation. Obviously, I'm less than thrilled with this outcome but since it was more about the special occasion then myself, I was willing to entertain this. So we decide to sit at the bar and wait it out. About ten minutes later, I had the great displeasure of meeting rocket scientist/general manager Kirby. He babbles to us that while we could wait the hour for the promised booth that we in fact would be displacing someone else's reservation, so in fact we couldn't have a booth no matter what that night. Huh?!? No offense dear Kirby but I couldn't give a rat's ass about your other reservation woes. All I know is you failed to honor mine. But it gets even better. The coward attempts to blame it on the poor female hostess, claiming that she spoke out of turn and was inexperienced. He then tried to get us to settle on two other crappy non-booth tables. I probably would've taken them but it was my girlfriend who was so incredibly put off by this horrendous service that she stated she'd prefer to eat dog food then be treated like one. I couldn't have agreed more. We walked out, both incredibly thankful I didn't waste money on a place that didn't appreciate my business. And if you're vegetarian, don't even bother coming, their menu appears as outdated as their interior design. I'll stick with The Melting Pot, thanks.
