The moment I heard that Rick Bayless was opening a restaurant with his own take on Mexican "street food," I knew that we'd have another gem in Chicago. I find the idea of street food very enticing, possibly given that Chicago doesn't have an abundance of options in the category. Whether or not XOCO is actually street food is debatable... but the food itself is undeniably excellent. A few weeks ago, I went to XOCO for lunch with a co-worker. We walked up to a line nearly (but not) out the door. I immediately noticed a camera crew and a few Food Network-looking people standing around with microphones. Soon, a restaurant host told us that there would be dine-in service only today, meaning that we couldn't order the food to go. We said that was fine. I assumed it was because of the television program, as it would give the illusion of more customers. After a few minutes, we noticed that Rick Bayless was actually in the restaurant behind the counter. I have since heard this same story from a few friends, so I believe that Bayless was overseeing operations for quite a while during the initial start-up. This is a good sign. After a 20-minute wait, we reached the counter to order. I took a pass on ordering the hot chocolate, which my co-worker later made me regret, as he dragged on and on about how delicious it was. I'll definitely try one of the varieties when I return. Instead, I opted for the spicy, wood oven-roasted cochinita pibil torta with pickled onions. I am an avid fan of adobo-spiced pork, and this torta definitely did not disappoint. The pickled onions were a great compliment to the habanero heat. It made me wish that I had ordered some of the other food, but with the process of ordering, and another long line behind us, I wasn't sure how that would work. I'm looking forward to returning, but unfortunately, so is the rest of the city. It's been packed every time I've walked by. From what I've heard, they still are offering take-out during non-lunch hours only. This sort of defeats the purpose of "street food"-- quick and consistent. I would characterize it more as really delicious and classy cafeteria-style dining.
