Following GEB for a bit, I had high expectations of his new restaurant. Actually so much so that I saved it for my last dinner in Chicago. I can say that it was a great experience, but still left me wanting more. Popcorn: Delicious, nice touch Caesar: I actually was hesitant on ordering this over some of the more substantial and potentially richer flavored dishes, but after seeing it so much I went with it and was not disappointed. First off, it was huge. Secondly beautifully, and deliciously, put together. The Brioche Twinkie Crouton was one of, if not the best thing I tasted. Gnocchi: Delicious, not too light, not to soft (maybe not the way everyone likes it, but I do) with a delicious sauce. Small portion, but gnochhi usually is. Risotto: The thing I was most looking forward to...also the most disappointing. It just didn't work for me, the dish had all very sharp tastes, that just didn't blend well (esp the apples.) Also a small portion Short Rib (I think, some sort of meat): Delicious...perfectly cooked, tender and delicious. Great value as well, this could have easily been my entire meal. Dessert: Very solid showing in the dessert dept....I have no idea what it was, but it was good Drinks: Solid selection, pretty much what you would expect from a restaurant like this. Service: Was pretty decent until I got very upset over the fact that he offered an off menu item to the table next to us and not us. I don't have a problem with not offering it to us, but don't tell the table one foot away about. That was upsetting and offputting in my book. With the service faux paus and the misstep in the risotto, I can't give it five stars. I can't give it three stars on the pure fact that GEB is a phenomenal chef, so we arrive at 4. Bottomline: Great dinner, highly recommended if you are looking for a high end date, or a GROUP to share, and want a creative, yet also delicious experience. It can be on the pricey side, so be careful with the ordering of dishes, as I said there are dishes that are filling. A definite must try for Chicagoans, but I put others above GE for weeekend visitors.
