I can put my life into two categories. Before ZED451 and after. Without hesitation, my life is better having now been to ZED451. A few weeks back the BF and I were stuck downtown during the fluke snowstorm that had all melted a day later, and hailing a cab was a big problem. We wanted to go out for a nice dinner, having been downtown all weekend. Answer? Call the ZEDbus! Seriously. They busted through slushy roads across town to pick us up and bring us to the restaurant (free of charge!) The atmosphere is fantastic. Modern, yet rustic. I immediately fell in love with the clean lines and natural finishes. The music fit the dcor. The fireplace in the center of the harvest table was mesmerizing. The fireplace upstairs near the bathroom... I want to steal it and put it in my non-existent house. The service was impeccable. I love the fact that the chef that actually prepared the selection brings it by the table, although, it made it difficult to say no! When they came around with seconds, I found myself saying "really, it was so delicious, I just can't eat another bite!" I didn't eat anything that I didn't love. The harvest table selections were all delicious, and a large variety of options. All of the protein selections were perfect, there was one piece of meat that was very very rare (almost blue) but the flavor was still excellent, just a little under for our taste. My favorite part was that the proteins weren't all MEATS. There were three different types of fish, a duck and chicken option as well as several different cuts of beef. The fact that many of the proteins came with accompanying sauces or chimmichurri just made it even better. After we finished our meal, stuffed to the gills, the BF walked me around the place, to see the bar, and upstairs patio area (was closed and covered in snow, but I got the idea.) This is definitely a place I will return to to try the bar menu, signature cocktails, and see the patio in the summertime! ZED451, thank you for picking me up in the snow, and changing my life!
