Greek food isn't typically my first choice dining out... nothing against Greeks :-) I love homemade spanakopita or stuffed gyro with tzatziki as much as the next Nia Vardalos or Maria Menounos, but the handful of times I've been to Greek restaurants I haven't been impressed. Generally I just find the food to heavy/greasy and bland. But Greek Islands is a pleasant change! It was my first trip and there was a lot I liked: 1. Service. Outstanding. A+. I volunteer with a mentoring program & I took my mentee here for an early surprise birthday dinner. I've learned that when you dine out with a middle-schooler at an hour commonly reserved for early-bird specials, you can get some quizzical looks and spotty service, but not the case here. So good that our dinner was almost two months ago and I can still remember our server's name, Bill. My mentee spent over 5 minutes filling out a comment card :-) 2. Atmosphere--we enjoyed the decor, just enough without being over done. We sat a table "at the top of the mountain" which was really fun since you can look over the most of the restaurant. 3. Prices: 1 appetizer, 2 entrees, 1 dessert, & "drinks" (soda) for under $35. Good stuff. Plus I took a peek at the wine list when my mentee was in the bathroom & it was super cheap! A bunch of options for just under $5/glass. I see myself coming back here with the girls. 4. Food! Most of it was very good, particularly the two things Bill recommended; I was skeptical of both but they turned out to be our favorite's of the evening: i. Fried calamari. Based on my bias against Greek restaurants being too greasy, and Bill deviating from the two appetizers we asked about & instead suggesting something fried, this is the last thing I would have gone for. Fortunately my mentee happens to love calamari so I agreed, & was proven wrong, was great! Light, crispy, perfect. ii. Ambrosia. So it comes time for dessert & again we name two choices & ask Bill which is better, & again Bill suggests another option entirely. But this time we're both really skeptical & it takes some convincing on Bill's end to persuade us. Yowza! Deeeeelicious! A dense blanket of shredded filo dough and walnuts topped with ice cream & caramel... nothing terribly crafty or couture, but 100% sweet-tooth satisfying. My mentee got the chicken riganati which was very tasty, HUGE serving (definitely enough for lunch or dinner the next day). The potatoes baked with lemon, oil & oregano are also delightful. I got the combo plate, which I'd recommend for anyone going here for the first time. I chose spinach cheese pie (at Bill's suggestion) and the pastichio. The pastichio was the only miss of the evening. I was expecting it to be on the heavy side, but akin to a greek lasagna. It was more like a giant block of baked macaroni with meat, it wasn't very flavorful and was a little overcooked. But I loved the spinach cheese pie. It was everything I could want, which was a tower of spinach and cheese, not too dry, not soggy, topped with a flaky crust. All in all, a very solid 4 stars! Will definitely be back. Especially for the gyros and that cheap wine list :-)
