Surprisingly, the service at Simply It make up for the food and portion size. We called ahead for a dinner reservation and arrived exactly on time (street parking is hard to find!). Although we waited only about 5 minutes, Mr. Nguyen took it very personally and offered us water while we waited. right away.  In less than 5 minutes, a table was cleared and cleaned for our table of 3. Given that this is in LP area, the seating arrangement is very very tight. I would have to give them props for making pretty efficient use of the limited amount of space they have to fit people in.  Although this place is small, they do not skimp on having enough workers to make everything run quick and smoothly. The waiters always checked in on us: were we ready to order, did we anything else at the moment, how was everything, etc etc. We had a hard time deciding what to order but finally settled on starting off with seafood eggrolls, pineapple calamari, tofu and eggplant claypot and king crab pasta. The seafood eggrolls were quite tasty but nothing to rave about. I really couldn't tell what kind of seafood I was eating - all i know was the egg roll was light and crispy with a seafoody-mushy filling. 4 for $6 seems a bit pricey for such tiny eggrolls. Pineapple calamari is definitely delicious! Thank you yelpers. I had done a yelp app scan on what to order and pineapple calamari came up many times so we ordered it. The dish comes with stir-fried veggies, pineapples, cashews and lightly batter calamari served in a pineapple - very creative. My only wish would be that they give a few more pieces of calamari (I think we had 6-7 pieces only for a dish that costs $12).  I really enjoyed the caramel sauce in the eggplant and tofu claypot. I wish that it could have been presented more interesting (it looked kind of sad in the pot) but I guess since I ordered the veggie version of the claypot, there wasn't much they could do. The tofu and eggplant were a bit bland but once you get that caramel sauce: yum yum. The king crab pasta was a disappointment. $14 for some noodles with mushrooms, peas and king crab meat that you can barely see. Noodles were also quite bland. Definitely will not order this again. In addition to attentive service, Mr. Nguyen provided us with free lemonade (plus refills) to compensate for our "wait." Although the portion sizes were quite small, we were surprisingly full after finishing up everything. When we asked for our check, the waiter returned back with free dessert, again per request of Mr. Nguyen. We got fried bananas with ice cream. OMG, the fried bananas are so good! But sadly, I was REALLY full and could only eat one piece. The BF felt like he was treated like a member of the family and has requested this to be a 5 star rating. Mr. Nguyen personally said goodbye to us as we left and asked us to come again. And actually, I really hope we will. I would love to go back to try the lunch specials (seems like a great deal - viet sandwich, soup, salad, dumplings, drinks for $7!) and for dinner, I want to try the pineapple crispy tofu (and maybe order pineapple calamari again). YUM YUM.
