I seem to be in a spate of bad reviews. I wanted to like Nana. It was recommended by a friend, who wanted to meet there for lunch today. The menu looked good. Nice ambiance, despite the worst paintings on earth hanging on the walls (hilariously so). Service was excellent, very friendly, accommodating, prompt, with regular check ins. But the food - Holy Whisk of Julia, Batman! A nightmare. Prices are slightly above average, but then the ingredients seemed to warrant it. It was between "biscuits and gravy" and the "nanadict" for me, the latter being a sort of benedict spin. I went with the biscuits, which was a dish quite similar in concept it turns out. The gravy was supposed to be of duck confit, with poached eggs on biscuits. I love duck, benedict, biscuits, poached eggs. How could I go wrong? Here's how. The gravy was the temperature, color, and consistency of cold snot, and about that appetizing in appearance. There was shredded brown meat strewn over the top of the pile; I think it was duck once. It was slightly warmer than the gravy (ie slightly higher than body temperature), but had a weirdly off taste, as if cooked days earlier and heated in a microwave. The eggs were at least prepared within the hour, but when I cut into them with my fork, water and raw egg white gushed over the plate. Yum! There were some weird slimy pink vegetables mixed in the pile of greyish slop before me - I'm pretty sure they had been turnips at some point; also cold, I presume they were overcooked at some time much earlier in the day or week. Last but not least were "English peas" scattered over the dish. A nice bright green, but unfortunately they were just shy of crunchy, having been (almost) cooked from dried. Not to miss a beat, the biscuits were heavy, doughy, and pasty. In other words, cooks batted a perfect .000. Does no one taste or check anything back there? I really should have sent it back. I mean, it was pretty disgusting. Friends had pancakes - nice sharp lemon tang (trying a bit too hard) but even they were a bit rubbery; and a falafel sandwich, that I had no appetite to try but was told was just fair. I will give it another try at some point when I recover perhaps. Eh, who am I kidding? No way. Really too bad. Friend said that the place can be very up and down. I clearly caught a down day. A very, very down day.
