What a disappointing birthday dinner. I came here on Monday for my special Iron Chef birthday dinner and it was just so underwhelming and failed to meet any of my expectations. Let me start with the good... *We got lucky with our street parking spot. *Our waiter was so well informed about the foods and also the wines. I didn't know which wine to get and he brought me a couple of wines to try. He was just like a sommelier with his vast knowledge of the liquids. However I should have known he would bring me two of the most expensive wines on the menu to try. $16 for my glass of South American vino. *Not on the Iron Chef Monday menu, we had the Cadi Urgelia which was quite good. It's a cow milk cheese platter but honestly, nothing is cooked so if this was somehow messed up, that would be a big shame. *The Serrano Ham & Fig Salad (on the Iron Chef & the regular menu). This had such a creative presentation and was so tasty. I don't usually like salad but this was encased in the thinly cut ham with just the right amount of sherry vinaigrette, plus tasty spiced almonds to boot. Perhaps my favorite dish of the night! *The bacon wrapped stuffed dates, Datiles Con Almendras (only on the regular menu, we ordered & paid for these separately like the cheese plate). All tapas places seem to have these but the presentation and being topped with the sauce make them top notch here. Mediocre which should probably be under bad but I can't say they were horrible.. :P *Truita De Patata Con Espinacas, Spanish omelette with potato, spinach & saffron. Not much I can on this except it was just okay. *Espinacas A La Catalana...Okay spinach but nothing too appealing. *Gambas Al Ajillo, garlic spciy shrimp. Underwhelming. Now the bad...Dun Dun Dun Dun... *some people had their own nice tables, but if you're a party of two expect to be smooshed next to a bunch of other parties of two. Lame to not have the proper personal space while dining. *Nowhere did they say you need to be very specific in saying you wanted the Iron Chef menu. The table next to us went to try the Iron Chef Monday menu and the waiter informed them that was not going to happen, they only had 20 portions! Really? For your special opening night of this you made enough for 20 people? Errrrr. That really sucks. The guy at that table was quite annoyed because he called and asked about it the menu when he made their reservation and nothing was mentioned about having to secure the menu. Thankfully we did note we wanted the Iron Chef menu in our Open Table reservation so we were granted the privileged. The worst part....they substituted menu items and no one ever told us this was going to happen!!! Um....since when can you just change someone's dishes? Especially one of the special Mexican chocolate items! What in the world!? This was just such a poorly executed special menu for Mercat. We never got the Kobe beef tartare or the Canela waffle with chocolate sauce. Ridiculous when that was the whole point of this menu. Argh! *Costillas De Ternera beef shortribs, horseradish, parmesan & bacon Flatbread...we each had one piece of this and didn't finish the rest....didn't even take it home. The flatbread itself was good but the toppings weren't great. *Mexican chocolate tamale and Mexican chocolate Iberian pork loin. Yay I thought! Something from the special menu! The Pork was good, the tamale was not. *Mexican chocolate linguine with smoked duck. The duck was good and I realize duck is greasy but the dish overall was extreeeemely greasy and extreeeeemely salty. Not a fan. *Although our server started out nice, it got extremely slow. He told us the kitchen was backed up and I'm understanding of that...but at this point we were just waiting on our dessert. *Dessert. Well this wasn't the dessert we were supposed to get AND we just waited 30 minutes for it to come out...30 minutes for some cocoa puff things and a bowl of sorbet. Argh. *So after we finished our dessert, we waited another 30 minutes for him to ask us if we needed anything else. Then another 10 minutes for our check. We put our CC right in for him to take so we could leave but it was another 5 minutes before he came back to us. All in all we spent two and a half hours there when it should have been about 90 minutes. *They were also supposed to have Mexican chocolate atole with doughnuts as a dessert but that wasn't on their menu in the restaurant. Check the sites (http://chicago.eater.com) ...it was supposed to be 5 courses but it was actually four & 2 of the dishes listed were not offered. It was tasting sized portions of the middle three dishes mixed with some of their regular menu items. I'm sorry Mercat a la Planxa, but you did not make me a happy birthday camper and you truly failed on the Iron Chef Menu premiere night. I'm truly just so disappointed. :( I feel bad for my buddy who ended up shelling out $140 for a bad dinner for my birth
