To begin with, I've read most of the reviews of this place before even going to the joint; I was totally psyched about going to it. I had been to the hole in the wall on Argyle St. it had been before it expanded into the new place on Broadway. I wasn't much impressed with it back then. I'm still not impressed. Lord knows I wanted to be, but after two visits, I can pretty much state unequivocally that this place only does one thing well. It serves really good duck. It sucks at serving actual customers. The servers cut an entire roast duck at the tableside with a skill that I just plain envy. My own bird-cutting attempts end up looking like the aftermath of a crazed killing spree. I've only had one bad dish - and it is consistently bad: the fried rice. It is treated like an afterthought, and overcooked until bone-dry. The service - judging from the other reviews is and always has been poor. Servers wander from table to table, either unassigned or without discipline (which I specifically blame on crappy, uncaring management). Each time I have been there, I've had at least three different servers. Most of them are sullen, like they would much rather be somewhere else, or simply dislike having to serve the customers. Case in point: the last time I was there, we two different servers (since the first one appeared to have forgotten us) asked for extra buns (I call them "foldy" buns, as they look like little coin purses, able to hold food), the server came back and told me that they were only for people ordering the whole duck. I understand portion control, but this seemed stupidly stingy - one can walk down the street to Tai Nam Supermarket and get an entire bag of frozen ones for less than $2. The first server actually came back with buns and an older Chinese woman (the mother of the owner, I later learned) stormed over and yelled at the server in Mandarin. In front of us. And the rest of the packed restaurant. My dining companion told me that the woman was complaining how he was wasting food on people not buying the whole duck, and that she was going to charge us double for the buns, how our server was stupid, etc. I was aghast. We quickly finished our dinner and left. My friend and I took a moment to speak to one of the owners (Kelly, i think) about the issue, and the young woman seemed to - succinctly put - not give a rat's ass. She looked bored when I explained the problem, and angry when my buddy told her that he spoke and understood Chinese, and what the older woman had said in a corded restaurant was incredibly embarrassing and shameful. Kelly turned and left without a word. Clearly, the management of Sun-Wah is far more interested in clearing tables than actually keeping them filled. Yes, the food is good (except, as noted before, the fried rice), but what good is that if the service is punctuated by an indifferent, disorganized wait staff governed by an old woman who treats them like slaves and managed by her two kids who have zero customer service skills? Thanks but no thanks. There are plenty of other Asian food places in this neighborhood, and they manage to offer pleasant service. It gets two stars because the food is good. Their demeanor is their downfall.
