4th meeting of the Co-worker Birthday Lunch Group (aka my birthday lunch). I wanted to try Sunda for some time and was excited that it was my turn to pick the place. I love these lunches because it's a nice opportunity for some girl talk and a little indulgence. I'm lobbying for the celebration of half birthdays, 6 lunches a year doesn't seem like enough. We started with the rock shrimp tempura and spicy tuna signature sushi. The sushi was fantastic, served like pieces of nigiri; the tuna was minced and served over the glazed rice. There was a nice slow heat to dish and the glaze created a nice, crunchy texture. Sadly, the rock shrimp let me down. The shrimp, served with glazed walnuts and a honey aioli, was too sweet for my liking; I think I would have enjoyed it if there was some spice or savory to offset the sweetness. For my meal, I waffled between the Sunda Set Combo and seared ahi banh mi. I went with the banh mi and had a bit of buyer's remorse watching one co-worker enjoy her combo. My sandwich was fine; the fish was fresh and perfectly seared and the bread was nice and crunchy. The problem was that I didn't glean any flavor from the pickled veggies and spice butter also on my sandwich. I was expecting some complexity of flavors, but was disappointed. The dressing on the accompanying salad was also extremely bland. Like I said my meal was fine, but something I'd make tracks to Sunda for. The combo is quite the steal, for $18 my co-worker got a choice of side salad or miso soup, 3 pieces of sushi, and a choice of 7 hot entrees with rice. There was a ton of food, which all looked quite amazing. The rest of the group got sushi and starters and seemed quite happy with their choice. The space is beautiful, very sleek and modern, but service during our meal while friendly was a bit off. There was a long lag between ordering our starters and our lunch and at lags during other parts of our meal too. It's definitely not an in and out lunch place (or a place you should go without a reservation). We were never offered dessert before the check was dropped, which was disappointing as it's something we usually enjoy indulging in. Overall, I'd give this place 3.5 stars. It didn't live up to the anticipation I had created, but I'm rounding up because I'd definitely come back and give it another crack.
