Not that this place needs another review, but it made me join Yelp just to do it.I took my wife here on a Sunday night, usually places are slow so you get a little better attention, but this place was hoping like a friday all nighter party. We had to wait a few minutes at the bar after getting our car valet parked (only $5) and checking our coats (for free). The bar totally fooled me because it was kind of dark and quiet, with a few people hanging and one very busy bartender. Soon after we got our drinks our buzzer went off for the table.Our hostess walked us from the cave of the bar into the colorful lit party dining room. We walked in and it was so bright and colorful, but somehow not over the top. The waiter was really friendly and gave us explainations of things on the menu without boring us to death about special cream sauces and what not.Anyway, to the food! We started with an assortment of cured meats, there are three kinds you can order, but we could decide so we got the sampler, they were a good starter, the Jamn Serrano was suprisingly sweet, better with the mustard, the La Quercia was pretty average and the Chorizo Palacios was pretty tasted like spicy dried chorizo, which was good.My wife had the Churrasco - nicaraguan style wood grilled beef tenderloin, malanga goat cheese puree, arugula chimichurri, spicy beet salsa. She got it medium-rare, usually when she orders a steak a don't look forward to tasting it because it's so rare it's chewy, which she likes, but when I tasted this it melted like butter, it was so good. I would have been jealous I didn't get it if my steak wasn't so tasty.I got the Bife Angosto - wood grilled dakota farms new york strip, roasted potatoes, spanish chorizo, manchego cheese, chimichurri sauce (medium-well). It tasted like an amazing steak topped with the seasonings for guacamole, sans avocado. The potatoes it came with were just eh, wish you could have gotten a side of more steak.Finally we finished off sharing a piece of Tres Leches, with blueberry tres leches cake. She said she was stuffed and couldn't eat another bite, but it was son enticing she stole two big chunks of it, it was sweet, very sweet, but very good.Anyway, the food was awesome, the best meal since we came back from Paris a few months ago and the amtosphere was like a party but everyone behaving themselves. The reason I took one star off was simply because of the prices, this places seems to do well enough that I think they could afford to drop their prices a bit and bring in a bigger crowd.I would definitely go back and recommend if for a one on one date or a group of people, it'd be a good place to take out of towners to show them some Chicago food culture that isn't pizza or hot dogs.
