Rick Bayless is a genius as his dishes are beautiful and delicious. I am typically not a fan of chicken mole, as I find it too spicy, bitter, and unpleasant to look at, but Frontera's chicken mole enchiladas have changed my mind completely. The flavor is complex, subtle, and yet absolutely wonderful that you just want to keep eating it. On the first bite I was a little "huh?" and then by the 2nd or 3rd bite I found a strange craving for more coming over me. I liked sampling all my family members dishes as well but I held a special place for the mole. The Trio, Trio, Trio is also excellent and a great start to the whole meal. It was another hot summer day and dipping into that guacamole was heavenly. I'm not usually a cilantro fan either(I know, why eat Mexican then?) but maybe they use really good cilantro or know how to do just the right proportions, but anything with cilantro was just fine. I loved every bite and we had to get more chips too because they were just perfect with it. We even drank the left over juices in the cups. Until dessert... Flan!!! FLAN!!! Blackberries and flan btw is genius, and having two flavors was nice. We also had the ice cream(rasberry and fig) with a side of chocolate dipping action going on. Ohh, rasberry and choco heaven~ The fig was good too but I have a special place in my tummy for rasberry so that disappeared faster... Excellent service and we were seated fairly quickly though you may want to send someone ahead and while looking for parking you'll arrive just in time to sit down. The wheelchair accessibility was good for me though and had a nice ramp going to the bar but the door was a bit heavy for me. The staff was eager to open doors for me though when I had trouble. Our server was really kind and funny and posed for a picture while shaking up a drink. He put us in a good mood and was knowledgeable of all the dishes. Overall, a great place for a great time. Expect to dish out a few extra bucks because you will want to try a lot of things. :)
