We were traveling from California to Chicago for the very first time. Prior to booking a hotel we did a lot of research online. Ultimately, we chose to book with Radisson Blu Aqua and I couldn't have been happier. A wonderful high end hotel & residence located in the heart of downtown Chicago's River North district. We stayed for 5 days & 4 nights and every time we entered and left we were greeted by the doormen & other hotel staff. This hotel is state of the art in design and services. It ascends above the city and offers great views of downtown. It offers a sleek, sophisticated atmosphere, refined service and sweeping views at every turn. It's located just blocks from Chicago landmarks, such as, Navy Pier, Millennium Park, Michigan Ave (high end shopping), and the Chicago Riverwalk. We rented a car from Midway Airport upon our arrival but we quickly realized that traveling by foot is much easier and faster. This may sound crazy, but Chicago traffic is 10x worse than in Los Angeles. Another downside, valet parking (with in/out privileges) is $45.00 a day at this hotel. A cab ride from the hotel to anywhere downtown cost us an average of 5-7 bucks one way. Another reason to walk or take a cab is because parking is a nightmare and very expensive throughout Chicago. If the weather was better we would have walked everywhere. Although the Filini bar is located in the lobby of this hotel, I did not factor my feelings into the 5 star hotel rating because they have their own yelp page. With that being said, I give Filini 1 star for food, service, and price of food versus quality. This place is full of hoity toity, pretentious individuals who wear designer clothing and think they are cooler than you. The service was horrible and I think the bartender forgot to put alcohol in our cocktails. Maybe because we were wearing jeans and t-shirts but we just spent the entire day walking around Chicago and wanted to end the night with food and a cocktail.... Ok back to the hotel... Our room had no refrigerator but it did have a coffee pot. There is a CVS Pharmacy directly next door where you can find cheap souvenirs, snacks, and a nice selection of alcohol (to stock up your room). Another great option for snacks, groceries, or alcohol is Mariano's Fresh Market which is located to the south of the hotel (3-5 minute walk). My fianc and I both packed our gym outfits and had good intentions of using the fully furnished gym, but we found ourselves occupied with other activities. All in all, this is a great hotel in a great location. The rooms are beautiful and the views are amazing.
