Seriously??!!!!!!!!!! You are not going to serve me a mimosa????!!!!!!!! Ok, well some gal pals and I ventured to The Bongo Room for some brunch on a bright sunny Sunday.  Their menu options were disappointing to me because I am not one to eat desert for breakfast but hey, if you are all about eating a pancake sundae for breakfast, than go for it. Since none of the overly sweet breakfast items suited me, I decided to go with the original Eggs Benedict and I will say they were VERY delish! the best I have ever tasted. I would love to return to The Bongo Room for that menu item alone. However, the reason why I will very much likely not return to The Bongo Room is for basically telling me and 6 of my friends, "Sorry, you gotta go. we need your table." As we all enjoyed our intelligentsia coffee, scarfed down all our meals which each of us were very pleased with what we ordered, we decided it was mimosa time! "One raspberry pear mimosa for each of us please!" That probably would have added another $100 to our already $100+ bill. After the waitress takes our order, she tells us, "well I will have to check if we can serve you anything else." then she walked away. we were all stumped, and didn't understand why it would be a problem to serve us anything else if we are at a restaurant and have not yet paid our bill. Well our nice waitress did come back and said the Host said no, she was not allowed to put in our mimosa order because they needed our table. so in my mind..."No! No mimosa for you!" Sounds much like the Soup Nazi from Jerry Seinfeld. That alone is BAD service, your customer is dining at your establishment, you serve them until they are done and pay for their bill. Is that lack of common sense or am I the only person who expects to be treated as a valued customer when I am dining somewhere? Its not like we were all sitting there taking up their space. a few of us were still eating. their mimosas are about $10 each... I believe, that would have been an additional $70+ for 20 more minutes. BTW, the time it took that waitress to go ask that fugly host if their party of 7 was allowed to drink a mimosa, then come back to tell us no, then go get our bill, then come back and pick up our money (20 minutes later)... they could have served us our mimosas and we would have been done with them by the time she came back to pick up our payment for the bill. But instead they refused service... so for that I will likely never return to Bongo Room. if I do go back, it'll be a fluke out of nowhere for some odd reason... Ahh... damn you Bongo Room! You ruined such a lovely gal pal sunday... we were so looking forward to those raspberry pear mimosas. Perhaps put disclaimer signs all over your establishment... "Order absolutely everything you want off the menu NOW because we will not add to your order later."
