So my only guess is that someone replaced the original Greek islands restaurant that has a 4-star rating with another, much more inedible, Greek islands restaurant. I can't explain my horrible experience any other way. My boyfriend said of the ambience and dcor, "It's like Las Vegas," and I replied, "More like Reno." Themed within an inch of its life, with fake fishing boats bolted to the walls and lots of "Greek" tilework, it's the kind of restaurant you go to if you have a 3 year-old or a 90 year-old to entertain. A total of 5 waiters and backwaiters served our table, mainly by filling up our water glasses after each sip and continually interrupting our conversation, and by dropping and sometimes tossing plates of food on our table without looking, hopefully on their way to doing something that didn't make them want to kill themselves as much as serving us did. And when there was nothing for the squadron of backwaiters to do, they stood in front of our table with their hands folded, waiting for us to give them something to do. Mainly by drinking from our water glasses. But that's not the point. Horrible service and ambience can be alleviated by good food. It wasn't. Don't be deceived--when the menu says "Family Style," they mean "Cooked Sometime Today and Kept in Buffet-Style Chafing Dishes Until You Have the Misfortune of Ordering It." They don't even hide the system--on your way into one of the back dining rooms, you can pass what looks like a cafeteria line where all your dinner options simmer in their own juices, slowly losing any chance of being edible that they'd once had. For example--bakalao was cold, spongy, and chewy, which is exactly what happens to fried fish when you fry it hours before someone is supposed to eat it. Gyro meat was so dry, all the tzatziki in the world couldn't save it. The pile of rice with tomato sauce actually tasted good, but was so unattractively presented, I felt like I was at a nursing home and it was Greek night in the dining room. The only thing that was enjoyable was our fried zucchini appetizer with garlic spread--the zucchini came out hot and crispy, you know, like someone actually cooked it to order. My theory here--if you want a good meal, order something very uncommon that the kitchen will have to cook to order. Otherwise, you're getting it off a buffet line, and it'll taste like it. Seriously, there's a whole line of Greek restaurants in this neighborhood. There has to be a better one.
