Go to their website and join the eClub NOW! I did that a couple months ago, forgot about it and lo and behold! An email a few days ago 1) reminding me it was our anniversary, and 2) a coupon for a free dinner with my sweets! I suppose it's a nice gesture that TdB offers freshly prepared sushi (with a sushi chef and all), but we found it to be mediocre. No biggie, we didn't come for Japanese food, after all! The "salad bar" is bountiful with a great selection of veggies, cured meats and cheeses, olives, lobster bisque, and several hot items. The soup was average (rich and creamy but not nearly bursting with enough flavor, lobster or otherwise), but the veggies were crisp and fresh (loved that they had quinoa salad!). Now, the meat... ohhhh the meat! The gaunchos seemed to know exactly when we wanted more of it, and we never had to sit around with puppy dog eyes waiting for the next person to come around. The meat is well-seasoned and succulent... MUST tries are the picanha (they called it the "house meat") and lamb chops! Their picanha is so perfectly cooked and just as tender as the filet mignon, but has the addition of a bit of fat around the edges that get beautifully charred and crispy -- soooo good. I normally eat my meat MR but the first piece he sliced was rare. I kept it anyway and I'm so glad I did; juicy, tender, and downright heavenly. The gauncho with lamb chops came around and didn't have my preferred medium, so he told me he'd be back in about a minute. Indeed, he came back promptly and seriously must have read my mind because he asked if I wanted a second piece, to which I enthusiastically replied, SURE! There's hardly anything in the world more delicious than a freshly roasted slice of lamb chop -- but don't let it get cold or it doesn't taste nearly as good anymore. :( But maybe it wasn't the temperature as much as my overly expanded stomach screaming me to put an end to it all. Oh lordy, my stomach still hurts from such good eats, and I'm sure I'll be paying for it in the days to come. Was it worth it? Always. I've been to Brazzaz and the decor and ambiance of TdB is just a world's apart. TdB offers a far more intimate atmosphere, and the acrobat doing flips in the wine cellar is pretty freakin' cool. Definitely a place to take out-of-towners to impress.
