Sunday "Brunch"? Not even close. Worst Sunday brunch I have been to in Chicago. In fact, I don't know who would even consider this meal even close to brunch. And, it was so highly recommend to us too! I guess I should start off by saying, except for bacon, I don't like pork. I would never order pork chops and aside from big star, I don't consider pork belly delectable. But, at Publican, nearly everything on the menu is pork.... waffles with pork, french toast with pork, rye bread with pork, lettuce with pork, pork, pork, pork.... Now: the experience. We arrived promptly for our 1:00 PM reservations, starving. They seated my girlfriend and I at the corner of a communal table. We were handed our menus and seconds later a cylindrical container filled with pork rinds. Our first thought was "sweeeet, free fried things like a Mexican restaurant"--followed closely by our second thought, "holy shit, these are pork rinds, I'm going to puke". It turns out that they mistakenly put them on the table. As it turns out, you actually have to ORDER and PAY for these things. Word to the wise: DON'T ORDER THE PORK RINDS if you have taste buds or are not married to a sibling or close cousin. After clearing up the pork rind mess, we ordered our drinks. Two OJs. What said "fresh squeezed" on the menu tasted dangerously close to Tropicana. And now that you know my feelings about pork, you can assume that we steered clear of pork items on the menu for our entrees. I ordered the pastrami short ribs with sweet potatoes, and my girlfriend ordered smoked trout with rye. On the side we ordered the fries with a fried egg on top. The pastrami turned out to be decent--very tender but not something I would typically categorize as a brunch item. The trout was bland and the accouterments were coleslaw-esque. We expected something similar to lox and cream cheese. The trout was thick and the creaminess of the side items were a little too much for brunch food. The fries actually never came (they did, however, make it to the bill...) so who knows how those taste. The service, as demonstrated by the misplaced pork rinds and the absence of our fries, lacked. Although there were many, many waiters, it seemed like we could never find ours. In my recommendation, if you're not from Arkansas and weigh over 300lbs, stay far, far away from brunch at the Publican.
