Let me preface this by saying that sushi really isn't my thing. It took me 25 years to even taste the stuff and even now (5 years later) I still couldn't tell you what is good sushi and what is bad sushi... it all tastes the same to me. So with that being said, maybe I shouldn't review this place for the food, but I felt it necessary to write something based on our experience a couple weeks ago. My first word of advice, and I can't stress this enough, DO NOT go here if you have 5 or more people. There is literally 1 table for 5-6 people in the entire restaurant and we had to wait an hour to sit down. They don't take reservations so that wasn't even an option and while you can choose to wait right next to the front door, which is extremely crowded, most people wait in the bar area in the other room... which was awful. I don't know if people like sitting in a room that feels like the sketchy asian shop where that dude picked up the Mogwai for his son, that later turned into Gremlins, but that's exactly what it felt like. I almost felt like I should be surrounded by old asian men as they puffed away on their opium pipes. A smoke machine filled the air as incense overpowered any odor of food the place could have possibly had. After about 15 minutes of sitting there I had to get up and go outside to keep my eyes from burning out of my skull. Once we were finally seated I found the wait staff to be sort of cold to us... I don't know if it was something we did, or maybe I smelled of opium, I'm not sure, but our waitress was not the most friendly person in the world. And while I'm normally not a stickler for this, especially in sushi places, it was extremely hard to understand her english. After getting through our initial order things got better. While they have a full bar you can also "BYOB" which we did, wine. They were nice enough to take one of our bottles of wine into the back to chill for us while we were drinking the first one. There is an (I believe) $8 corking fee, which is totally reasonable. After a few glasses of wine the food came out and we were all pretty impressed. Everyone seemed to enjoy what we got, but like I said before I really don't know good sushi from bad sushi, but I was happy with what I ordered. So overall the food was decent, but between the wait and the service I don't think I'll be heading back to the place anytime soon. Although I have to imagine we would have been seated a lot faster had we only had 4 people, but hopefully if this review does anything it warns people about the 5 or more table situation.
