Utterly fantastic. We did the 9 course tasting menu. They threw in three extra tastes, so we ended with 12 courses for $110/person. BYOB, no corkage fee. We brought a half bottle of proseco and a bottles of Vouvray and Pinot Noir. Atmosphere: It is really just a room. 8 tables. Totally basic. There is graffiti outside and it doesn't look like anything special. They were playing a mix of light electronic music and the new Q-tip album (not too loud - it was a comfortable vibe). The dining room is very sparse - 2 floral arrangements and some basic lighting. There is a view in to the kitchen through a large window. The five guys preparing the food also serve as waiters, including the chef. Husband commented that this was what it would look like if his stoner friends from HS opened a restaurant. It was crazy comfortable - the guys talked to us like they knew us and were just so excited about the food they were creating. Courses: 1. Amuse: Grapefruit pulp topped with some sort of citrus sorbet and agar. It was served on this ice cube and you took it all like a shot. Abs refreshing. 2: Red beet risotto. A risotto flavored with roasted beet. Bright color, some "bull's blood" micro greens, a roasted/pickled beet and some beet chips topped with escargot caviar. I did not know snails laid eggs. Delicious. One of my favorite courses. 3: Sunchoke soup. This was amazing. Velvety and smooth. Topped with some sort of licorice and truffle oil and a little salad of sunchoke on the side. 4. Pad Thai. This was crazy. Instead of noodles they used baby octopus. I don't even know how to describe it, but it had this incredible peanut sauce (and I am not a Thai food fan), and lots of fresh basil. 5. Ravioli. An extra course. This was a single ravioli filled with buffalo ricotta and a quail egg. There was a little sauce on top that was super creamy and it was topped with shavings of white truffle and parm regiano. They asked that you not cut in to it, but just pop the whole thing in your mouth. It burst and Justin and I both looked at each other after swallowing and said "I'll take a dozen of those to go, please". 6. Asparagus. This was good, but not one of my faves. It was a piece of house-cured white asparagus on a bed of three separate purees - fish roe, bacon and brioche. There was a bacon chip and a little salad of white asparagus. Justin thought the bacon puree tasted bitter, but we both ate everything. 7. Lobster. OMG. Three tiny pieces of butter poached lobster with a salad of persimmon. I didn't realize it, but I guess I've never had persimmon. It's citrusy, but super mild and delicate in flavor. Gigantic prosciutto chip on the side. Really, does it get any better? 8. Chicken Liver. Almost like a pate, then they encapsulate it in a gelee made of chicken liver. There was a broth made of some kind of root veg - rutabaga, maybe? And little rutabaga balls. And some kind of suds - I think it might have been beer, actually. Topped with a piece of peanut brittle. All in all, this was my least favorite dish and I normally really like pate. I think my issue was that it was chilled. Regardless, everything individually tasted good, but together, I wasn't a fan. The guy that brought this course out was very concerned with whether or not we like it - he said he wasn't sure about it. I thought it was cool how honest he was about it. 9. Duck confit. NUM NUM. Three little piles of duck confit ragu on a pumpkin puree. Each pile was then topped with braised brussels sprout and a piece of grilled duck breast. Then the whole plate was topped with a shower of shaved black truffle and chocolate. Very straight forward but intense flavor. I loved it. 10. Cheese course - extra course. This was insanely good and probably my favorite taste of the night. A tiny circular dish, about two inches in diameter, spread with Taleggio cheese, then a tiny spread of scrambled egg and then a crust of honey. It was like a little, cheesy creme brulee. The chef served this course and told us about how the goats(cows/sheep(?) can't remember) are herded up the side of the mountain to graze and aren't given any water, then when they come back to the farm they're milked and that milk is used to make Taleggio - it's way more pungent than just standard milk b/c the animals have been without water for the whole day. Cruel, maybe, but delicious. 11. Candied sweetbreads. Yes. Veal sweetbreads for dessert. There were three tiny pieces, lacquered in sugary, caramely goodness. A passion fruit sauce on the plate with extra caramel and a sweetened parsnip gelee. I can't even describe how good this was. It's essentially meat and veg, but it was so sweet and salty and perfectly "desserty". 12. Ice cream. A minuscule scoop of homemade green curry ice cream atop a tiny homemade vanilla tuille cone. The cone was filled with homemade root beer foam. All in all, it was an AWESOME experience. The portions are perfectly sized for a tasting menu. Will be back.
