I love steak. And I love Brazil (semi-unrelated). I can't state those two things enough... Having a bias for steak and the country of Brazil I tried so hard not to fall head over heels for this place. It didn't help that there was a hype from my friends and family who heard I was about to dine there for the first time. I tried really hard to find fault. I really did. Well...I just couldn't find much fault with the place. It was near-flawless. I dined here twice - one for lunch and another for dinner. I did not have to wait both times (lucky I know), but I know there was a pretty long wait for dinner. It's a fancy, white-table-cloth-dim-lighting experience that is classy and simple. Nothing particularly stood out in terms of design and layout. Lunch atmosphere was slower paced (more on this later) and quieter of course. Dinner was a vibrant, lively, and of course busier affair. Service overall was excellent and on point compared to other Brazilian steakhouses I've been to. When you have that green card up, you can expect someone to be there to serve you a cut of meat pretty quickly. When I mentioned the slower paced nature of lunch, I meant it as a much more relaxed environment for the servers and waiters. During dinner they are sometimes frantically running around - which is understandable when you have a packed house. That frantic pace can be a "cold" experience to some diners though. However, during lunch the servers and waiters are much more relaxed, not rushed, personable, and even funny. So the lunch experience was of course comforting and warm. Don't get me wrong, dinner service is excellent. Lastly, the food. Ah the food...simply heaven. The choices of meat aren't too exotic but they definitely have a very good selection. For me, I loved all the red meats. I think my favorite was the picanha...or was it the ancho?..maybe the alcatra? Lamb? Ok, so I loved them all. Everything was cooked to near perfection. My least favorite was the pork loin with Parmesan cheese, but my gal pal loved that one. So I guess as long as you like meat you should find something you like here. I didn't do the salad bar (I was here for meat!), but those I dined with said it was ok...not great but just ok. Compared to other Brazilian steakhouses...this is still the best in the city. There was one surprise - I'm addicted to the plantains no matter how greasy and oily they were sometimes.
