I don't remember how I started going to Hot Doug's but I don't really care. This. Place. Is. AWESOME!!! I have been going here for years now. Expect to wait a long time to even get into the place. I drove by it last week and it was open for twenty minutes and the line was already along the side of the building to the alley. For those who frequent the place, you know what I am talking about.  When the hubby and I decide that we will wait for hot dogs ( and you will for at least an hour depending on the time of day), we always look on our iPhone to see what the specials are. We read them separately and then discuss what we may possibly get. If anyone listened to our conversation, they would think we would never to able to make up our minds. All the specialty dogs look great and you just never know which one will be THE one. We both tend to get a Chicago Dog, the classic, and a specialty. And of course, DUCK FAT FRIES. Yes, fries fried in rendered duck fat is worth the clogged arteries, the spike in your cholesterol and ultimately, a heart attack. But wouldn't that be a great way to go? They only are served Friday and Saturday so that of course will add additional time to your wait. But trust me when I say that they are worth whatever wait it is.  The owner, Doug, takes your order. I love this. This is a guy who takes pride in his dogs and his work. He is always pleasant which can be difficult when you have a line down the street. They are also pretty strict about saving tables. You can't. Only when you order your food can you then sit down at a table or the counter. Every time I go there, it is always the same two people dropping food at the tables. When you order your food with Doug (cash only!!!), there is a tip jar next to him. Drop money in there. It is hard work for the two servers to get the tables cleaned and drop food off when it's busy from open to close. They deserve the tip so don't be cheap! With that said, the food speaks for itself. We always bring people from out of town here after they agree to waiting. No has yet been disappointed. This is a place that is a must stop, must experience if you travel to Chicago. It is that good.
