I'm sure this place has absolutely amazing food....if it were open. We walked a half hour to get here to find a sign saying it is closed for a week "for no reason" other than the fact "there is no holiday in August." You can't be featured by Anthony Bourdain and just shut down for a whole WEEK, and then brag about that reasoning on the door. Several other people walked up while we were standing there, with the same reaction. We all left angry and hungry. EDIT: I was just sent this message by Bryan Q, "When I see Doug next, I'll tell him that he should never take a vacation. He should work every day of his life so as not to upset tourists. Funny." In response, how would you like me to edit my review to be more fair? I'm sorry, I'm not saying nobody needs a day off, or that successful entrepreneurs can never take a vacation. He should have a days off like everyone else. I respect him for giving ALL of his workers Sundays off! If he wanted to give them Mondays too, more power to them. I don't care that Doug himself or his workers take a week off, that's not what I was going for; he just has to have enough hired help to cover his business. The restaurant business is not known for being able to drop off the face of the earth for a week at a time; keeping a fair schedule is part of being in the industry, especially for a restaurant that has been featured on the Travel Channel and regarded as Chicago's best and exists as more than a neighborhood favorite. Please tell me, am I wrong? I can't think of too many industries, such as restaurant and retail, who get to just take a week off without making customers mad. And, I think others had a right to know in case they ended up trying to go there in those eight days.... it wasn't like we just picked one bad day, we wouldn't have made it the whole time we were in town. I know things come up. I would have been sympathetic with a needed DAY or two or even three off (not eight), or a reasonable excuse ("My son is getting married on the East Coast", "my grandma is in the hospital", "my wife is in labor!", etc.) ... Or, take a couple days off around one of the the other holidays in the other eleven months! Take four days off for labor day, nobody will question that.   OR, if you must take eight days, less is more: let us wonder if someone died or your kid is going to college or if you've got the plague. For example, "We apologize, we are closed and will reopen on August 15th." The sign was not cute; it was a huge slap in the face when we'd been looking forward to it for so long. Doug, please let us give you the benefit of the doubt!
