Would love to return there. Easy to find location. Valet was $8. Very attentive service! Waiter kept coming back to check on us and another guy kept refilling our water even though the water canteen was on our table (I love when restaurants give us our own because I drink a lot of water!). At the same time we felt pressured to order everything quick and leave. Started off with dozen of chef's selection oysters. I liked the French Kiss the best; hubby liked the Wellfleet the best. For me it just has to not taste fishy at all so others were fishy to me. I like oysters with Tobasco and Horseradish; but I had to ask but I had not asked for horseradish because I thought that was what the included little sauce dish was but it wasn't oh well. It tasted sour and there was a kinda garlic texture ingredient in there. We liked the crackers that came with too; It's a great contrasting taste, cleans your palate. We also got the half order charcuterie plate. My hubby wished we got the full order. He enjoyed the sausage, headcheese, and the yellow mustardy sauce. I liked the headcheese a lot. It was seasoned very well. We both put on top of bread! Next we ordered the Pork Belly and the Serrano Ham. Serrano ham was like prosciutto but smoother and fluffier; very good on goat buttered bread that came with. Melts in your mouth: says the hubs. Oh the pork belly... It was mouthwatering, melt in your mouth, oh so AWESOME! Wow I just ate fat basically with some crisp and lots of flavor! Nah there was meat too which was very tender. Yum. Then we decide to order the country ribs then head out. The waiter warned us it's more like a porkchop but we were okay with that. This was very good as well. It was sweet and sour. I wished there was a little bit more kick to it like spice then it would have been perfect. I really liked the peanuts in there the best out of all the garnish that was on top. I didn't like the dragon tongue beans but hubs did. The meat itself was so fatty again but just melts in your mouth again. Wow. We could have ate more but that was actually the full order size (has 2 porkchop size ribs). A con: portions are small in our books. Could have ate more even after $140 bill w/o tip and quantity of dishes we ordered. About the restaurant itself, the bathrooms are very clean (A+) and looks new. Communal sink on the outside of the bathroom stalls that you share with the men. Communal seating, bar tables where you stand, enclosed seating like pig stalls, and two sestet tables all available at this place. Atmosphere felt kind of weird because staff other than the hostesses were not dressed in the usual waiter/bus boy clothes. That threw me off a bit like I'm not going to a restaurant feel. One more con: very loud in here!
