Fogo is one of those gluttonous treats that I look forward to receiving from time to time without feeling guilty over the consequences, namely a post-Fogo weight gain that can immediately be felt even before you leave the restaurant. But seriously folks, this is a meat eaters paradise and if you or someone in your party can't accept that fact, steer (get it steer, as in cow?) clear of this place, or at the very least throw them towards the top notch salad bar. Between the meat and the salad bar, if someone can't find something to eat, then they deserve to starve. Typically I eat there about once every six months and have been doing so for the past several years. For starters, Fogo is no longer the only all you can eat meat place in town, but from my experience at other the other places, they still have the best selection of meats to choose from. However, sometimes I question whether the quality of the meat has gone down. At times the meat doesn't seem as tender or juicy as it used to be. I do like the way they salt and spice it though and this has not changed, but taste can only hide so much for inferior texture. But given the price to portions eaten, I can't complain. It is expensive, but worth it after several rounds of meat. Service: An example of quality teamwork and service in motion...that is once you manage to get seated. Even with reservations, I have seen walk-ins seated faster than complete parties waiting for a table, and have experienced this myself. I think they do that so they can steer larger parties towards the bar so they can order more drinks. Regarding wait times one time my friend could no longer take it- we had reservations, were early, and had to wait, while walk-ins of the same number of people were seated. She gave the host staff a piece or her mind and we were promptly seated with an apology soon after. Whether intentional or not, if you have reservations, and YOUR PARTY IS ON TIME, keep track of the wait, and be persistent towards the host/hostess if it runs past a reasonable amount of time. And stay away from the bar, you'll easily run up a tab from the very efficient staff. Once seated, you know the routine, green for 'Feed Me', red for 'I'm Digesting.' There are several floor staffers that assist in clearing tables and inquiring about your experience. Here is where the service excels. If you have a favorite selection, need a drink, have a question about the meat, need a sauce, or side dish, ask. Usually they will go out of their way to find what you want. If it's not busy, they may even be able to customize an item to your party's request. A word of advice- soda is served from single serve bottles. There are no free refills. Keep this in mind if you want a soda. Pros: A wide selection of meat, regardless of the source or style selected. A salad bar that will redefine your concept of rabbit food. Eat at your own pace. Great service once seated- staff will go out of their way within reason. Cons: Reservation times are a guide to when you might be seated. Meat quality has gone down. All you can eat meat concept may not be for everyone. Drinks, any drinks, are expensive. An inverse relationship between your the size of your wallet and the size your waistline will occur if you eat here too often. I would've rated Fogo four stars, but the lack of proper service at the door on multiple occasions knocks the rating down a star. To sum it up: Any place that wraps an already tasty piece of meat with a tasty piece of bacon should be not be tried, but experienced.
