Violet Hour is one of those elusive places that everyone talks about, but I've sadly never had the opportunity to visit. I finally dragged a group of 4 here on a Friday night around 9:30. The wait took a good 45 minutes, which was relatively short, considering that the line had stretched down the block by the time we were almost seated. The house rules posted online were fairly ambiguous (what does "proper attire" even mean?) but we dressed all prettily because we were afraid to err on the side of underdressed. Fear not, if you find yourself lined up outside of Violet Hour in shorts and tennis shoes, they'll most likely let you in still because we saw a fair amount of people stumbling out in such attire. We each ordered one cocktail and split some sustenance. It was hard to choose because literally everything looks good. They have a list of house drinks, organized by lightest to strongest within each category, and also another huge book of all the drinks that they offer. We got a chance to try everyone's order: 1. Juliet and Romeo - my choice, and my god that was delicious. It was so incredibly refreshing (mint, cucumber, rosewater, you cannot go wrong), perfectly balance, and just not too strong nor too sweet 2. The Breakfast of Thompson - delicious and very fruity 3. Custom mocktail - fun fact: they don't have a mocktail menu, so instead they ask you what flavors you like and what your mood is, and then they design a drink to suit your tastes. My friend asked for fruity, sweet, and spicy, and the resultant drink was gingery, citrusy, and superb. 4. I don't remember what the fourth one was called lol, but it was also fruity although a touch too strong For food, we tried the salt cod croquettes, which were just okay and maybe a little too tough. My friend also ordered the chocolate plate for us because we were celebrating, and wow. It comes with four delicious truffles, a brownie (just okay, not moist enough), and the most delicious raspberry-rosewater (I think?) ice cream. The ice cream blew my mind, I don't think I've ever had ice cream like that before. Overall, amazing experience with some of my favorite people. The atmosphere is a little romantic, pretty classy, very hipster, and probably way too cool for me but that's okay. Service was wonderful. They have a no cell phone policy, which is nice and conducive to actual conversation, but probably also the reason why there's always a line by the restrooms. This place is definitely comparable to the Aviary; it might not be as creative with some of the drinks, but quality-wise Violet Hour is definitely top notch.
