Basically good, but overrated. My boyfriend and I eagerly drove to this Chicago landmark during an off-peak time. Unfortunately, their drive-in was still completely full and we didn't get to experience the drive-in aspect. We parked a few blocks away and walked to the Superdawg line. For newbies, know that the line looks much worse than it actually is--you order on the far right hand side and move through the middle to the far left to wait. Thankfully, a customer saw the confusion on my face and gave me the heads-up, otherwise we would have been waiting on the far left for an order never placed. We ordered three things to sample as much as we could--the superdawg (of course!), whoopercheesie and whoopskidawg with a chocolate malt and sodas. After a long wait, we were finally able to sink our teeth into all this fuss. The boxes the food comes in are super charming and jammed pack with mediocre crinkly fries and a pickled tomato--quite yummy and different. The superdawg is a little bigger than most hot dogs and was okay--it was a hot dog and we didn't feel like there was much that was spectacular about it. The whoopercheesie, same story. The whoopskidawg was the one we were both fond of and while we generally do love polishes, we felt it was the 'special sauce' that may have charmed us. The whoopskidawg was also the messiest/craziest polish we've ever encountered. If we come here next time, we're totally eating that with a fork and knife, no matter how Seinfeld it's going to look. The malt, I was very sadened by. I'm a huge fan of chocolate malts and there's even a little disclaimer on the outside of the malt that said that you can't sip their malts through a straw, but they put one in there anways so you can try. Of course, reading something like that, I got very excited. After my first very easy sip, I was very dissapointed. We both considered whether or not we had erroneously gotten a milkshake instead, but it WAS in a malt cup. By the time we were halfway through stuffing our faces, it was pretty much chocolate milk. So sad! We might come again for the whoopskidawg and to try some of their sides, like their superveggies or superonion chips, but we've realized that there might be better places to get a Chicago hot dog (Weiner's Circle on Clark or any Home Depot, for some reason) or a chocolate mail (Portillo's all the way!). At least we got this experience under our belt.
