My friend has been going to this place since she was a toddler so when I asked if we can meet up for Mexican food, she recommended we eat here. I've read several reviews of this place and asked her if we were going to have to wait an hour for food but she said, "It's only crowded on the weekends." So when we walked in on this relatively warm night, she was shocked at the line. She said, "I've never seen this place so packed and I've been here like 50 times." The gentleman in front us said, he's used to nights like these so I guess this is the norm now. Luckily, we didn't have to wait an hour to get seated but only 20 minutes which did enough damage as we saw the waitstaff walk by with delicious plates that made our mouth water. I managed to look over the menu online but also asked my friend her recommendations and she advised to go for the Carne Asada or Carne a la Tampiquea. I opted for the Carne a la Tampiquea which is broiled skirt steak with cheese enchilada, guacomole, refried beans and rice. However, I wanted appetizers and my friend recommended the nachos dias which either come in 6 or 12 chips. Since we were already provided with chips, salsa, mole, and two small plates of tortillas with pork and beans, we really didn't need 12 chips. The chips and mole were fantastic as the mole was spicy enough to satisfy my taste however, the salsa was watery and flat. Then the dias nachos came to hold us over until our entrees came. My friend told me the nachos are homemade so it was a treat to have chips that weren't stale. Usually nachos are bunched together topped with cheese, sour cream and guacomole however, the plate was presented with 6 individual chips, ranchero sauce, sour cream guacomole and cheese. I only had two since as I was more into the mole and plain chips. I was still working on the nacho dias when the entrees came and didn't realize that my plate could have been split with my friend. I asked earlier if she wanted to split the entree but said she preferred the enchiladas. I had a slab of the skirted steak seasoned and cooked medium well and sliced a portion which I gave to my friend and she gave me a bit of her enchiladas. The skirted steak was juicy but could barely finish it off since the refried beans, rice and cheese enchilada took up most of the room in my stomach. The rice didn't have much seasoning however, I was trying to figure out how they made the refried beans since it wasn't dry like most places. I think they would have cooked it in some type of oil or meat fat to give it some flavor. Overall the price of two entrees, an appetizer, and a sprite and coke was about $27. Chips, salsa mole, and tortillas with the pork and beans came complimentary. Not bad for two people especially for a bustling night at Nuevo Leon! I'd love to come back and try the rest of the dishes! FYI: Meals are paid at the register and parking is validated there as well.
