Okay, so here's the deal: I would give the place five stars, except for the fact that it doesn't have a great selection of vegetarian-friendly fare (not that I'm a vegetarian, but I don't want every morsel of food I eat to be smothered in bacon) and that I think the place is mildly cursed. Not TOTALLY cursed. Just a little.  In the time that I worked there, Glenn's Diner was forced to close its doors to the public numerous times for a variety of reasons that were beyond its control. Most recently, the giant sinkhole on Montrose Avenue, caused by a ruptured watermain, rendered this beloved Ravenswood eatery temporarily useless. I feel bad for the place, I really do.  It's frustrating because the Diner has great food. Eclectic, tasty and a menu as vast as the sinkhole on Montrose. It's cozy and quaint, and the owner treats everyone that comes through the doors like an old friend. He's always reminded me of Santa Claus, if Santa was a pirate. Watch out for his handshake. The man has a good grip. He's also got an excellent handle on seafood, his specialty. For a place that isn't near the ocean, the fish is fresh, and prepared in some incredibly inventive ways. Want some Walleye? Encrusted with pretzels? Yes you do. In addition to a slew of fish, you can also get breakfast anytime. Well, anytime they're open. Egg dishes should come with a shovel. The portions are massive, and the prices are reasonable. I could go on and on about the food, but I've gotta tell you about the atmosphere. By day, it's a casual and quirky neighborhood eatery. By night, it sheds the laidback personality and turns into a place you'd want to go on a first date. It can be intimate and classy without the frills. Check out the wine list, which is pretty expansive, and give yourself a chuckle while you're at it. The descriptions are informative and funny. Like the staff.  I've got a few qualms with the service, but only when I'm close enough to hear them chatter amongst themselves. Sometimes inappropriate, but usually entertaining, they (we) could sometimes forget that it's a job that requires a bit of discretion.  Overall, a great place to grab a bite of, well, most anything.
