First off, the Peking duck here is outstanding. We just got back from a trip to Beijing where we had Peking duck at one of the top duck restaurants in the city at DaDong. The duck here at Sun Wah gives DaDong a run for its money. The duck here seems to be prepared 100% authentic, with very crispy skin, juicy meat, and roasted to perfection. Each bite was amazing. We had 5 people at our table and ordered one large duck and the was enough, although we did have 4 other dishes, soup and an appetizer. Keep in mind that when you order the whole duck, it also comes with a plate of buns, small plate of radish, scallion, and carrot slices, and duck fried rice and duck soup. The other dishes we ordered were excellent in and of themselves... Singapore rice noodles - Authentic and had a very nice spicy curry flavor and plenty of shrimp and scallions. Mapo tofu - Flavorful bean sauce with plenty of minced pork, water chestnut and onions. The dish wasn't as spicy as I would have liked, but it went great with some white rice. Soft shelled crab appetizer -I thought the batter they used was a bit too thick, however the crab was surprisingly large and they had cooked it perfectly...one thing I absolutely hate is overcooked soft shelled crab, but they were careful to retain the all subtle flavors of the crab meat at Sun Wah.  Hot and sour soup - Awesome. I think the way you can tell a good soup is by the texture/thickness. It can't be too watery, nor too thick. Sun Wah definitely got the thickness right and the spiciness was superb. A+ Duck fried rice - This was superb. Very light with plenty of beef and pieces of duck leftover from the duck carving. Not as much of the egg flavored fried rice, but not oily either. Very nice light and tasty fried rice. Duck soup - After the more intense flavors of the duck and other dishes, the soup seemed a bit bland to me, but I can imagine some people loving the subtle flavors of this soup. Overall, we had an awesome dinner at Sun Wah. We walked right in at 7pm on a Saturday night (albeit it was 16 degrees outside and the place is massive). We also BYOed a couple of bottles of wine, which I can't remember how much the corkage was, but at about $25/person for the entire meal with tons left over to take home, this was an absolute steal!
