First stop for me as soon as I landed at the O'Hare airport. I really wished they allow reservations but I had a nice little stroll down Michigan Ave while waiting for my table. - Bottle of William Fevre Chardonnay: light, crispy. Paired perfectly with the small dishes to come and gave me a nice little buzz - Roasted bone marrow with herbs: I've tried the bone marrow dishes at many restaurants and needless to say, many butchered it and the bone marrows turn out to be overly oily and unappetizing. But the bone marrow here is SO GOOD. It smears nicely over the toasted bread and the herb salad cuts through the fat nicely. The sea salt that they serve on the side also enhances the sweetness and flavor of the bone marrow. - Prosciutto di Parma: Fell in love with cured meats after Barcelona. Prosciutto here was good, really wished I ordered some cheese and toast to go along with it - Shaved Brussels Sprout Salad: Opted for the healthier version of the brussel sprout and went with the salad instead of the fried brussel sprouts. Nothing spectacular here, good old fresh brussel sprouts and parm. - Milk Braised Pork Shoulder with Mashed Potatoes: MY FAVORITE OF THE NIGHT. The pork shoulder melts in your mouth, flakes with the slightest touch of your folk. So so good. The mashed potato on the bottom is so smooth and creamy, pairs perfectly with the pork shoulder. I really should have ordered another serving of this just cuz it was so good. - JLT: Anything with an egg on top is honestly good, especially an open-face sandwich like the JLT. - Pork & Sweetbread: I ordered this dish cuz I hope it was served in one of the little piggy bowls so I can take a picture of it. But it wasn't. Huge disappointment on that part. It was good, nothing amazing and it wasn't served in a little piggy bowl =[ - Sicilian Iris - Ricotta & Chocolate Chip filled Fried Brioche: Ah yes, the perfect finish to a good night. The ricotta and melted chocolate chip go together so well that I wanted to lick every last drop off the plate. The server definitely gave me a 'good choice' look when I finally decided between this and the panne cotta. The fried brioche was delicious, perfect for sopping up the liquidly ricotta and chocolate! What a way to start off a Chicago trip!
