Wow. I'm only 21 years old, so to some this might not mean much, but this was the best meal of my life thus far. My father and I are from Miami and were passing through Chicago on a road trip, deciding to make a reservation at The Publican due to our love for charcuterie. The first thing I noticed about the place were the community tables and the tall, circular standing tables. The restaurant was loud but the atmosphere was fantastic, perfect even. The large painting of a striped pig on the wall brought a smile to my face every time it caught my eye, as did the other two similar paintings on the opposite walls. Maybe I'm easy to please, or maybe this was just my kind of restaurant. While gazing at my menu I didn't even bother to look at the seafood (although many tables ordered the mussels, so they must be pretty damn good), instead fixing my gaze on the glorious meats. To start we ordered the charcuterie plate, which was one of the best decisions I have ever made in my life. If you come here, this is a must-order. Of the five meaty treats on the plates, my ranking goes thusly: 1. guinea hen galantine (fucking incredible, second-best thing I ate all night), 2.bresaola, 3. head cheese, 4.pork pie (spice overpowered the meat, but I'm a sucker for pastry), 5. morteau sausage. Just to clarify; I loved all the offerings and one could take these rankings as a spectrum of "great" to "good." Next came the tripe gratin. This was the first time either of us had had tripe, so we didn't know what to expect. It was definitely a pleasant surprise. The flavors of this dish were very Italian-American, with parmesan cheese, and what tasted like a tomato sauce. The tripe came with sourdough bread, but it was much better without it. Combining the two diluted the delicate flavors of the dish. For our main course we had the feijoada. At this point I thought nothing could top the charcuterie plate, but man was I wrong. I was assaulted by a trio of pork: tongue, rib, and chorizo, accompanied by shell beans that absorbed the porky broth on the bottom of cast-iron serving plate. Chorizo being one of my favorite foods in the world, and never having experienced the deliciousness that is tongue - I chose to dig into the rib first. Oh. My. God. Heaven. The rib exploded in my mouth, unleashing a torrent of rich, meaty, porky deliciousness that was completely unexpected. This was the best thing I ate all night. Next came the tongue, with its supple texture and vinegary kick. Finally came the chorizo. Living in Miami I've had some damn good spanish sausage, and this was just as good if not better. The portion sizes were very appropriate for the price, but after sharing all of this food we had room for dessert. The sweet corn tart and chocolate cream pie were both good, but nothing special. What is special though....is the beer list at this place. I left this for last because it deserves its own section. We were completely overwhelmed, so we deferred to the better judgement of our server. He did not fail us. Our first round was two different belgian beers - both of them were excellent. The one I enjoyed was apparently brewed by monks, which I found very interesting. For our main course he brought us two completely different brews. My father had a somewhat lighter, lemony beer and I had a very dark, extremely smoky beverage. On its own it was like nothing I'd ever tasted before, but chasing my pork with a sip of this beer was a revelation. The smoky flavor complimented the meat perfectly and reminded me of great barbecue. Also, I saw many reviews complaining about the service, which my father and I found to be very good. We were not left waiting for uncomfortably long periods of time, and our waiter was helpful and made excellent recommendations. Next time I'm in Chicago I will definitely be back.
