Tru is short for truly fantastical. From the moment you walk in and hand the keys to your Benz (or in my case, a hotel room) to the maitre d', you feel as though you want to kick off your shoes and unbuckle your belt. Trust me on this, though, it's better to wait until you are seated.  The setting is very spacious, dimly-lit and perfect for couples or small groups.  There's enough room for cheese and digestif carts to be wheeled from table to table while allowing for servers and patrons to walk past without difficulty.  Carts are also very handy for wheeling you out of the restaurant once you've been suitably plied with food and drink, as is inevitably the case at this Bacchanalian temple.  It's true that the service is impeccable; the choreography textbook French, but the attitude...surprisingly unstuffy. The wait staff achieved the perfect blend of civility, appreciation, attentiveness and almost (almost) a sense of humor. I got the manager to crack a smile, but the servers refused to go off script.  Tru stands out from the pack of Chicago food Meccas for its creativity and imagination. There was little room for doubt that each dish was given hours of thought, twice as many hours of trial and error, and what is finally delivered to you with alacrity and painstaking attention to detail is a culinary triumph.  The tasting menu is well worth the hole burning in your wallet/purse, and if you're as much of a glutton for financial punishment as I am when it comes to dining, then I'd suggest the wine pairing. The sommelier, Chad Ellegood, knows his cellar, and he'll pick some truly wonderful - and surprising - compliments to your meal.  As for the food...where to begin? The "faux" sturgeon caviar was a playful and beautiful alternative to the real thing; ramp & rabbit risotto with morels and marscarpone was heavenly, with perfect starch consistency and a beautiful blend of flavors; the spring lamb with daikon and star anis jus was plate-licking good; and the salt-crusted venison was absolutely gorgeous, especially when paired with the flavors of cocoa and orange. Rick Tramonto has taken some very challenging flavor pairings and methods of preparation and combined them to make unique and highly memorable dishes.  But it doesn't stop there. Gale Gand, not to be outshined by her partner, presents cartwheel inducing flavors. The almond-violet mousse with rhubarb and lemon was eye-rolling.  The explosive mint chocolate truffle was one of the happiest endings to a meal that I can recall in recent memory. I was half tempted to pull a "When Harry Met Sally" diner scene after the fact, but I settled for seeking out the chef and kissing her firmly on the lips. No, wait, that didn't actually happen either, but the thought crossed my mind.  Tru is a special occasion experience. For me, it was my first time in Chicago in years, and Tru had been on my "must try" list for almost a decade. It lived up to the hype, and the food is in fine company with the artwork that adorns the walls of the restaurant. Now, if I can just swap my room key for one of those Benz's...I'll have what she's having.
