Although the place was very crowded, we actually got seated within about 15 minutes (despite the cited 45 minute wait time) because everyone on the list before us wasn't there. Lively, boisterous, with communal seating as well as some smaller tables, the atmosphere is definitely very upbeat. The wine list is extensive, and there are several options from all parts of the list where you can choose to order by the glass, quartino, half bottle, or full bottle. Wine options are available from around the world, including many bottles from Greece and Portugal, which are not typically available in other restaurants. The food is meant to be shared, which I love, and they usuallly recommend ordering 2 dishes per person, which I agree was the right amount. My friend and I were full by the end, but not stuffed, and even had room to share a dessert. We had: - Salt-roasted beets with whipped goat cheese and pistachio vinaigrette: Great balance of sweet, salty and tart, with a nice combination of fluffy, soft, and crunchy textures. Very good, but I wouldn't say it was as amazing as other reviewers have rated it. - Prosciutto "smear" with basil and grilled figs on toast: Also had a good balance of flavors and textures, with sweet plump figs against the salty prosciutto on crunchy toasted bread - an overall good combination, if not a particularly new and inspired one. - Pork blade steak with 'Nduja and fresh greens: My favorite of the night perfectly tender, juicy pork with some sweetness from honey, and the delicious smokey-salty-porky-fatty 'nduja, one of my new favorite discoveries from a few months ago in London's Borough Market that I've been obssessed with finding. - Homemade greek sausage with rapini and grapes: The sausage itself wasn't bad, but it was the bitterness of the vegetables and sweet juiciness of the grapes that brought out the balance of contrasting flavors.  - Sicilian Iris dessert: Fried dough stuffed with ricotta and chocolate chips. Our waitress highly recommended it, citing how it amazing it was and how it was by far the best dessert on the menu. Overall, though, I wasn't particularly impressed with this dessert. But as a caveat, I have found few desserts that really get me hooked (the torija at Degustation and chocolate-peanut butter semifreddo at Gramercy Tavern, both in NYC, being two of the notable ones) Overall I really enjoyed the entire experience, and will definitely be back to try more plates, and definitely more wine. I'll just be sure not to drive next time so I don't have to worry about how much I drink!
