The Gage! I wanted to visit you for a friend's birthday brunch earlier this year, but plans fell through and now I seriously regret the decision. We arrived for Day 2 of (epic) Restaurant Week, and after a disappointing dinner last night I was concerned about how lunch would go. On entering, I was happy to see that there were young couples, older couples, and families all here for brunch and a good time. My boyfriend, the wannabe pediatrician, was delighted to see crayons and paper topped tables for the kiddies to scribble on. Read: do not confuse family friendly with screams and cries interrupting your meal, everyone was extremely well-behaved and it was as if the children were not present. We examined the brunch, lunch, and RW menus, as well as the drinks list. There's definitely a mark-up (we call it the Millenium Park tax), but the food we saw around us looked tasty and reasonably-portioned for price. We still opted for the RW prix fixe menu ($22), and started with the celery root puree (soup) with pork confit and braised cabbage. Light, creamy, and very, very subtly tart, I loved the contrast of the sprout tendrils with the soft creaminess of the soup, and the rich, buttery shreds of pork that would pop up every other mouthful. For lunch, we opted for both the duck confit, fried egg, and focaccia sandwich and the whitefish with rye gnocchi. I was in love with first bite. The duck confit (purportedly barbequed) was buried in a flash of spicy, bitter greens, an over easy egg, and a pungent, spicy sauce, and I was impressed with the use of toasted focaccia instead of traditional sesame seed buns. I thought it was a better pairing with the duck, but The Boy disagreed and felt it absorbed too much of the oil from the fillings. The whitefish was EXCELLENT, and I am not amused by what much of Chicago considers well-prepared fish. It calls to mind the Chinese tradition of steaming the fish before finishing it with a hot blaze of scalding oil -- tender, flaky (while avoiding being overdone), with a delicate, seared crisp on both the skin and the surface. It laid on a bed of yummy greens that while sweet, interesting, and new, I felt were slightly too greasy to be overlooked, especially when paired with a light fish. The gnocchi was light and savory, without acheiving the chewy rubberiness that is the bane of all gnocchi consumers' existence. And finally....oh, dessert. We usually skip when we dine out, seeing as it's an extra, unnecessary push towards diabetes and we don't see desserts we're interested in anyways. They hit home with homemade fritters and a dollop of butter pecan-y ice cream. I don't think this is included on the menu available online, but if there is a reason to skip breakfast or do an extra mile on teh treadmill, this dessert may be worth it. Served warm, it's best eaten with a smearing of the ice cream and a dusting of the caramel, toffee bits served on the plate. The anticipation, as Phyllis Lapin Vance would say, is exquisite. When you go (and you MUST go), be sure to try their homemade sodas. The grapefruit soda is tart and sweet, the lime soda more obvious about the simple syrup. Be sure to check out the postings on the wall as you go down to the bathroom, as they pay homage to the Gage buildings formerly housing a millinery and what kind of advertisements were popular at the time. One word of caution: drinks are pricier here than even in the Gold Coast, so I would go elsewhere for these. Service: our server was attentive, cleared the table quickly, and knew that we needed more time to muse over the menus without being annoying. I also appreciate her noticing we had not tasted our plates yet when she came over to check on how we liked them -- too often that is a reflex question in the service industry! Score: +1/1 for service +0.5/0.5 for ambiance +3/3 for food +0.5/0.5 for value Final tally: 5 stars. I fully plan on returning with out of town friends and family, and am (not so sheepishly) considering a triumphant return as soon as I finish digesting lunch. Thank you for such an excellent time!
