During my heavily food-oriented visit to Chicago, I had a strong desire to compare two allegedly legendary local burger and beer strongholds, Kuma's and the Bad Apple, especially as they seem to be quite customarily compared to each other. The first stop was Kuma's (yesterday), which was remarkable in its obscene noise level and unpleasant bum's-rush-at-our-backs vibe as we sat attempting to enjoy ourselves in the roar of the bar. I enjoyed my food (mac and cheese and iron maiden), though I felt the toppings in both overwhelmed the innate taste of the ingredients. However, as this is a review of the Bad Apple, I will complain no further about the atmosphere or cheap ingredients I experienced at Kuma's. That's the preface! Here's the non-industrial meat of the review: I liked the Bad Apple much better. One plus, perhaps one that dates me (I am an old-timer in my 30s), is that non-shouted conversation is possible. I loved that. I also loved the encyclopedic beer selection--and that was just the draft list. What surprised me somewhat more was the thought and care that also went into the cocktail list, so we also tried some of those. When I see "house infused" ANY liquor, I know that a caring "mixologist" is involved at some stage. But while the drink selection was stunning in its length and diversity (from Sri Lankan to "across the street" beers), I would like to give special notice to the burgers and fries. They are not like Kuma's. They are notably better. You can taste the quality of the meat. You can taste the quality of the not shoveled on ingredients. The balance is harmonious. I had the Left Coast Reuben (suitably, as I live on this "left" coast) and my friend had the Red Spruce Springsteen. Both were lovely. When I say "lovely," I mean I spent one hour slowly savoring this burger with frequent exclamations of joy (that became somewhat repetitive). I hear the ketchup had a sketchy history, but it seems the recipe has improved since the vulgar days of patrons "bringing their own." If you are looking for a corn-laden sludge, you will not like this. I detected no corn notes. Instead, the ketchup has a subtle spiciness (perhaps allspice?)--but if you like curry ketchups and the like, you will probably like this. The fries, I would like to add, are not very salty. If you like to taste potato, you will like these. If you prefer salt flavor, you may want to relocate. I may have become long-winded in this review; however, I am still glowing in the "aftermath" of this meal, which I am already excited to repeat. Essentially, I recommend this restaurant/bar to serious drinkers who like to discuss their favorite libations with a thoughtful, attentive, and intelligent staff--none of whom dropped the ball at any time in the five hours we were delighted to spend at the Bad Apple. I equally recommend this place to people who prefer burgers with high quality, non-industrial ingredients who are not tempted by gimmickry. I thank the entire staff at the Bad Apple for such a delightful and memorable experience. Tot ziens!
