Tru competes in a league of extraordinary restaurants and I felt lucky to be enjoying their world-class service. The menu provides pre-fixed menus of 3-8 courses as well as a vegetarian menu option that was not a second thought to the meat centerpieces. The wine pairings were thoughtful and the sommelier was extremely knowledgeable. To leave room for my future experience at Alinea and because of a few minor execution issues, I'm going to give Tru 4.5 stars. white sturgeon "caviar", avocado, hazelnut - I loved the frivolity of this innovative dish. They pureed sturgeon and mixed it into cream. Then with a dropper, they submerged the cream droplets into highly chilled grapeseed oil so that they formed perfect round balls. They served the crme fish balls as 'caviar' on top of avocado puree in a caviar dish. For the vegetarian menu they kept the same concept but used cilantro essence instead of fish in the cream balls. Great start to the meal. chilled kohlrabi contained within itself, curry oil - A play on chilled potato soup, vichyssoise, but exchange potato with kohlrabi. Kohlrabi tastes like the stem of broccoli and can be found at many summer farmers markets. The soup was refreshing but a little over salted. The presentation was impressive with the carved out kohlrabi sitting on a bed of dry ice. duroc pork belly, yellow sweet corn, black truffle - This may have been one of my least favorite dishes. The pork belly was dried out and pounded into the shape of a flat lollipop with its meat and fat layers mimicking flavor swirls. Some of the accompanying sauces were tasty but I missed the juicy flavor that makes pork belly so amazing, as well as acidity on the plate. Also, the black truffle was good but could have been substituted with a flavorful funghi. roasted wild striped bass, banyuls brown butter emulsion, daikon - The plate had a minimalist appeal to it. Unfortunately the fish was overcooked and so lacked the tender flake that you expect with a morsel of fish fillet. jidori chicken, foie gras, wild mushroom, salsify - A beautiful dish with the tender chicken breast slice likely cooked in a sous vide method. The chicken rolled around a foie gras mousse which cannot help but be delicious. This was a lovely dish. poached quince, wildflower honey, cassis - Again, beautiful presentation. I have never eaten a quince fruit whole but rather only in its quince paste form. I could have this dessert multiple times and maybe will attempt it at home. Thanks chef!
