Overall, the Purple Pig was a great dining experience, and I loved the comfort food served here and their large selection of wines (offered in 1/2, 3/4 and full). I ordered a rather full-bodied bottle of chianti, and it went really well with most of my dishes. Ordered: pig ear, devilled egg, pork neck gravy, bone marrow, pork shoulder, brioche donut Would definitely order again: pork shoulder (easily the best thing I ate here, and you have to try it!) Deep fried pig ear: This dish was somewhat disappointing. I got the feeling that the chefs were trying very hard to mask the pig ears rather than having the ingredient speak for itself. The ears were thinly sliced and deep fried to a crispy, there was probably more batter than ear, and it could have been just batter sticks, and I probably wouldn't know the difference. The intricacy of the pig ear comes from its natural textural contrast: the bone/cartilage is crunchy and the meat/skin is jelly-like and a little chewy. Unfortunately, none of this was present in the dish. The runny egg was definitely the star. As I've mentioned earlier, I love a runny egg on almost anything (except fish apparently), and the batter was in fact very good dipped in the runny yolk. Deep fried devilled egg: This was supposedly be one of the most amazing things served at the Purple Pig and it ran out frequently. I was delighted to find out that it was available and ordered one immediately. The egg was... rather average, nothing wrong with it in particular, but it was definitely missing a "wow"-factor. I would actually much prefer a scotch egg much over this one. Neck Gravy: The night turned around from this dish. The "gravy" is actually a spread, and it was loaded with pork from the neck. The bread was in fact very tasty and thick, perfect for loading up tons of the delicious spread. The dish also came with a little cup of fruit compote was comprised of gooseberries, peach and raisins, which went extremely well with pork and gave it a sweet and salty tasted. Bone marrow I love bone marrow, or "nature's butter" as I like to call it. This dish definitely had the right idea: bone marrow, salt and herbs on bread, however, the bread was toasted with quite a bit of oil, and the cilantro was drenched in dressing, making this dish incredible heavy to eat. I ended up not using the herbs at all, and it was still very enjoyable. Milk braised pork shoulder This thing was freaking amazing, easily the best dish of the night! The pork was so tender, and (almost) melted in my mouth. Flavours were good, the sauce was delicious, it was just a simple dish that was executed extremely well. Deep fried brioche donut Okay, this wasn't called a doughnut, but that's what it was in essence. Yea, I love brioche, and using brioche for a doughnut was just a brilliant idea. The outer dough was crunchy and aromatic (think of deep fried brioche), and the filling was delicious, but the layer of dough immediately under the filling was unfortunately raw, and I had to eat around that. It was a very good concept, and could have been an amazing dessert had it not for the poor execution.
