This is a contemporary American restaurant with French technique and a lot of Japanese influence.  We had the 8-course menu. 1. quail lollipop: this was a brilliant starter. The quail was perfectly cooked, and the Asian spices worked really well. Though I could have done without the kumquat brulee, which, while interesting, didn't really add to the dish.  2. Tasmanian ocean trout: The fish was poached too a tee, with great flavor from the coriander butter. The fava bean and fennel pudding was refreshing, as was the Bloody Mary rhubarb.  3. scallop motoyaki: this dish had great flavors - richer than traditional motoyaki. The contrast in texture was great. My favorite dish.  4. fully-loaded potato: rich and rustic flavor profile, accented by the celery crystal. It reminded me of my mom's double-baked potato - very nostalgic.  5. assorted cuts of pork: great execution, with a nice sake broth and cherry-ramp chutney.  6. prime-rib tonkatsu: this was a misnomer, because the cutlet was actually beef, not pork. The katsu technique was a bit different from what I'm used to (this was less breaded and fried at lower temperature). There was also connective tissues in my cuts, which was quite distracting. I liked the black-bean gravy, and the biscuits were great. If it was pork, it would have been a great interpretation of the pork-chop biscuit classic! 7. reverse cheese and cracker: the cracker was made of cheese, and the cheese was (I assume) made of ingredients similar to cracker mix. Cool idea, but the reverse cheese was very bland and the texture was too mushy. A complete throwaway. This felt like a forced concept in which taste was sacrificed. My least favorite dish of the night.  8. eight dessert presentation: a plate with 8 bites of different desserts/cookies. All were quite good, with the highlight being the white chocolate truffle - the flavors just exploded in your mouth, wow! This course left me wanting another course of dessert from them. Alas. Service was relaxed and friendly. Waitstaff was very knowledgeable and responsive to questions. The decor was minimalistic and contemporary with a slight edge evidenced by the exposed brick wall. It's BYO, and the vibe reminded me of Schwa, sans the darkness and the loud music. One thing that bothered me a bit was the glassware, as they looked cheap and were not properly polished (we had to do that ourselves).  Overall I was quite impressed with the level of cooking here - definitely worthy of a Michelin star. The Japanese influence was more evident and assertive than that of Takashi and was handled beautifully. Even though there were a couple misses, there were enough highlights in this meal that make me want to return for the summer menu.
