Okay, the gloves are off.  I went back for brunch today and have to remove a star, partly for service. Let's listen in as a drink order is placed: BR: "I'll have an iced tea." K: "We're out of iced tea." [Pause to digest that in the 60 minutes since opening, they have run out of iced tea.] [Pause again to give the waiter the opportunity to offer one of their hot teas over ice, or juice, or absolutely anything else. Still pausing? Yeah, he didn't offer.]  BR: "Nothing for me." (Scene.)  Really? Iced tea, a combination of water and a tea bag, was missing in action and could not be procured? For better or worse, I wasn't the only thirsty one who had to send flares into the sky for attention: coffee cups sat empty and the beer list was never offered. Server quick tip: there is alcohol on the brunch menu and the beer list is known to be extensive (the staff wore shirts with the definition of "cicerone" on them) so it's safe to assume you will be selling some, even at 11:00 AM, if you give your guests the chance.    The menu is still the same: MEEEEAT. It's like it was created by someone who just broke up with a vegetarian and hurts so bad they want to make the pain (and pig) go around. So obviously I knew what I was getting in to, and it seems to work for those who love everything but the oink, but would it really cost them so much to put one item not loaded with fat and cholesterol on the brunch menu? Okay, there was a salad and a pretzel, but for those of us looking for more of the b and less of the unch from our brunch?  I ended up with the omelet, which had a couple broccoli heads on the side, and way too much red onion on top. The eggs (it seemed like about 8) were rolled into a fat and oddly smooth tubular shape, with none of the ingredients incorporated. Luckily, the toast was good. But like on my previous visit with the tea, it's sad when the best item is a supporting character.      I wish I didn't feel this way because I know how much other close friends like the place. But it's going to be the place they can go without me when I have a migraine or am out of town or have done something horrible and they want to give me a time out. Because life is too short for bad mood food.
