Thank you Steve M. for such a fantastic recommendation!!! We almost didn't go here. Considering we only had one night in Chicago and had already eaten a whole pizza and had our very first White Castle experience, we really didn't need to be eating dinner. But you only live once my fellow gluttons, so to Wildfire we went. I like it here. A lot. Our waiter Marcos was SUPERB. Super super nice. Didn't flinch when we decided to share a meal. Had a thick accent I couldn't understand. Most of his teeth were capped in shiny gold. Love that. My man started with wine flight #1 ($7.50!!! four glasses!!! I am so moving here.) and I went with the martini flight at an equally well priced $14.00. Ooooooooh, the martinis. This is how to do it, people. You get a standard Cosmo (crisp and perfect), a sour apple (yes, it's played out, but some things are cliche for a reason. like when they are deeee-licious), the "wild raspberry" (similar to a Cosmo, but sweeter, dangerous), and my favorite, "The Stormy Night". Right then and there, I decided this drink was going to be one of the signature cocktails at my wedding. Black Cherry vodka and watermelon Pucker are combined with a few other ingredients I can't remember, (I had just drank three martinis people, so sue me) which made for a lovely cloudy violet cocktail. Some might liken it to a Jolly Rancher, I'll just call it "mommy juice" even though I have no children he he. The drinks went great with a shrimp cocktail (shrimps a little overcooked but fine and a very good spicy cocktail sauce) and the filet sampler with parmesan, bleu cheese and horseradish crusts. I have to be honest, I'm not really feeling the "crusts". The only one you could really tell the flavor on was the horseradish and the whole thing just seemed unnecessary. Don't get me wrong, it was tasty but I think next time just a regular filet or sirloin for me. Got my man to eat creamed spinach, which is decadently evil. After his first bite he says, "hmmm... it tastes like cheese". Well duh honey! Any good steakhouse vegetable in no way shape or form resembles anything you'd find in your local produce section. Too good. The dessert trio put this meal over the top and completed the third trimester of my food baby gestation period. Love the ice cream sandwich, filled with Snickers-like cold creamy happiness. Chocolate peanut butter pie... no description necessary, this is an "eye-closing" dessert. As in, you have to close your eyes once you take a bite 'cause it's so amazing. The palate cleanser of the three was the key lime pie, oh your thick graham cracker crust I will long for you until we meet again my sweet. Hmmm, must fit in a wedding dress in six weeks. I think we're gonna need a bigger boat.
