I'm a Chicagoan transplanted to Arizona via Boston/New York who makes frequent trips to LA for Korean food and, of course, Disney for the kids. My wife and kids are totally Korean, and we can't go on a trip anywhere without having Korean food at least once a day. I won't boast, but I feel that I have a pretty good feel for excellent Korean food given my frequent trips to LA and Seoul.  We were recently in Chicago staying on the Mag MIle, and Yelp kept steering us to Crisp. We met up with another family there and ordered about ten items off of the menu family style.  The food was just phenomenal! For chicken, we had the Seoul Sassy whole chicken, Wacky Wacky Wings, and Chicken strips for the kids. For sauce, we did the Seoul Sassy and the Crisp BBQ. The chicken was moist and perfectly cooked. Oftentimes, we will go to a place like this and get chicken that is dry...that was not the case here at Crisp. As their name suggests, the outer portion was crisp and tasty while the inside was moist. The sauces were...amazing. I preferred the Seoul Sassy because it had a slightly "deeper" taste to it. If I had not had the choice, I would have been happy woith the Crisp BBQ sauce too. We had some amazing rice dishes too...the Buddha Bowls and the Seoul Sensation. The Buddha bowls are like Korean bibimbap with more "American" vegetables which, I thought, made it tastier and more easily palatable for the kids who LOVE veggies. The sauce was a touch sweeter and tangier than regular gochuhang which yielded a better result, in my opinion. The Seoul Sensation seemed to be a Buddha bowl wrapped in a tortilla (reminiscent of the Southwest for me).  The service is great, and the guys that work there were friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu.  Even though we looked and acted like tourists with our questions and hesitations, we never felt pressured (we had kids too). They made a special effort to make sure the kids were made to feel welcome and happy (which is a huge plus for us as a family on vacay). By the way, we traveled with a 5 year-old and a 14 month-old. Overall, I would give this place an A+ for phenomenal food and friendly service.  BTW, when I say service, I don't mean the kind you find at Charlie Trotters. I just mean a friendly place where there is no pressure and the guys are make you feel welcome and relaxed for a superb meal.
