Well, B-soiree has certainly earned their stripes (and stars), eh? They tag themselves as "a revolution in BYOB." Well said, boys. Long gone are the $24 prix fixe on Sundays (see previous review) of summer 2007...and hello to the decadent, simply sinful 7 course for $85. (March 2009, it changes regularly). Yes, they've raised their prices, but they have also raised the bar... I know what y'all are thinking..."Colleen paid $85 (plus tip) for a meal!?" Indeed. I did. Ya know what? That tax return doesn't do anyone any good sitting in the bank, mmmmmk? Now pour me another glass of (my own) bubbly while I regale you with vignettes of food ecstasy...listen up. (see, I'm still schlepping my own bottles, I haven't totally flown the frugal coup). A couple of notes before I begin: 1. Still BYOB, make a stop on the way. 2. Still small, make a reservation. 3. Still amazing, hang tight. Arguably one of the better meals I've had the pleasure of consuming...and the fact that I paid my own way (no Splenda daddy up in my house, get it straight), made it seem THAT much lovlier. Does independence have a distinct taste? Well it does when you dine with six lovely ladies on seven blissfully designed courses, paired with six bottles of wine, served by some of the youngest, most talented (ahem, and cutest) chefs in Chicago. Huzzah. Ok, so...after several rounds of champagne, red wine, etc...I may be a *tad fuzzy on the details, but I shall do my best. Please reference other reviews if you are looking for intricate details of each plate...as I am simply not much of a foodie (but can still enjoy the pleasure), and do not generally recall the smallest details. A whirlwind of flavors, a myriad of meats...trout, bacon-in-a-box, a soup that made me want to liquify and live my days out as an appetizer. Some sort of "sancho berry" that literally threw a party in my mouth. A pastry crust so soft and flaky, it made me rethink my hatred of citrus desserts. Cunning combinations, fabulous energy, and poignant presentation. The passion in this restaurant is evident from start to finish.... Splurge. (note: they do also have a smaller tasting menu for $55). Take a date here. Experience it once or over and over...it's the poor man's version of Alinea...and it's likely as close as I'll get to it. Truly, a revolution in BYOB. Well done. Well done.
