3.5 Stars First of all, a big thanks to all the Chicago Yelpers who pointed me here before my trip to the Windy City. I really liked this place, but didn't love it. Two weeks later, I'm inclined to think it wasn't so much the VH's fault. What started as a small gathering turned into a motley crew of nine (probably shouldn't have asked "Who wants to go to the best bar in Chicago?" during my business dinner). After entering the unmarked door, I sashayed through the two velvet curtains (not my first rodeo, people) up to the host, Demetrius. Apparently I wasn't channeling my inner Hermia that night. "Excuse me, could you and your party please step back past the curtain, and then I'll explain how this works?," he said. Whoops. We were put on the wait list, and Demetrius told us he'd call me when our table was ready. Fine with me, but one of my (slightly over-served) companions wasn't having it, as expressed by an audible "This place sucks!" outburst while Demetrius explained. Charming. Somehow, we managed to get the call back, and were seated at a spacious booth in the back. Then our cocktail binders arrived. That's right. Binders full of libations classified by the main spirit. Good stuff: http://www.theviolethour. Here's what I had: 1) Juliet & Romeo - Gin-centric, if you like the East Side Cocktail, you'll be into this Beefeater, Mint, Cucumber, Rose Water 2) Chicago Flip - Brandy-centric boozy milkshake Frapin VS, Whole Egg, Dow's Tawny Port, Cream, Nutmeg Fortunately, most of the nay-sayers in the group were silenced when the cocktails arrived. Let me take this opportunity apologize to our lovely waitress (Aiden, was it?), because at one point I overheard one of my companions punctuating a "joke" to her with the word "tampons." Whatever that was about, I'm mortified and terribly sorry. Two minor complaints. First, they forgot about our order of snack sandwiches and when they arrived, they were badly burnt (maybe the servers were pissed at us)? Second, I get that "The Violet Hour" is a lovely literary reference, but the place is BLUE (lavender blue at best, but mostly robin's egg). Those of you who know me understand that I'm obsessed with the color purple, so this was a let-down. Cocktailistas, you'll definitely still want to stop here if you're in town, but even though it's bigger than NYC Petraske establishments, keep your group small (and sober) upon arrival. And if you don't mind, ask them to throw a little Violet into the color palette.
