We just got home from a two-night stay at the Blu Aqua. Overall - the experience was terrific. The staff goes out of their way to be friendly and helpful.  We had a Groupon for a king room. I had asked for possible upgrades - including $9/night for park view. On check-in, we were told we got that upgrade. I'm not positive the view we had was really what was meant by "park view". We were in 1007 - facing north. Looking straight out - we looked into an office building. If we looked right we could see Navy Pier and the river. Looking left - we could see a sliver of the Wrigley building. We did not face the park. I'm not sure if that upgrade included Navy Pier views OR Millenium Park, so we didn't say something. I'm not sure the view we had was worth $9 a night. The room was relatively compact - but nicely laid out. I loved how clean and new it was. There was a wood-laminate floor - with marble floor in the entry area and bathroom. We had a king bed with great bedding. It was very comfortable (though the pillows were rather "mushy" - it was good we had 6 of them). The bathroom was beautiful - with a separate soaking tub and walk in shower. It was also very spacious.  The sliding door to the bathroom was fine for us - but I could see if you were sharing a room with someone other than a spouse, it could be a problem privacy-wise. It definitely didn't muffle any noises from the bathroom!  The closet area was laid out nicely with three drawers and a good-sized safe.  The hanging area, however, was a bit small. It was ok for us for just 2 nights - but for a longer stay with 2 people or more - it'd be tough.  There was a good-sized flat screen TV and desk area.  The public areas were very nice. We enjoyed the bar - and had breakfast one morning in the restaurant. The food and service were excellent.  We didn't use the indoor lap pool and spa or health club. The health club area was very large with great equipment and even a half basketball court.  In the lobby area - there were a lot of areas to sit and lounge.  We were rather surprised by the $51/night charge for parking. That seems rather high to me, particularly as we didn't use or ask for in/out privileges.  We would definitely come back. It could be nice in the summer with that outdoor pool area.
