Husband & I made a point of getting a reservation while visiting Chicago over Thanksgiving weekend from the Bay Area. Since we visited on Sunday, we had the set-menu Sunday Dinner, which at $45/person, was priced pretty accurately, even if the portions were on the small side. It's a bit misleading in that each dish that was brought to us (minus the dessert) was served in a shared for-2 fashion, instead of separate dishes for each person. Might have been more accurate to price it as $90 dinner-for-2. Anyway, on to the dishes themselves: baby greens salad - It was the first menu item we'd seen in Chicago that even had avocado, so that was noteworthy. It also had grapefruit supremes, and a tasty dressing. (Husband is allergic to grapefruit, so they brought that out in a separate small bowl) This was good, but I had to refer to the iPhone photo that I took of the menu to remember what was in this salad, and the meal wasn't even a week ago. loup de mer - This was some type of small fish served whole, we weren't sure what kind. Perfectly roasted, super tender and juicy, but lots of small pinbones. choueroute: basically a big pan full of porky goodness. smoked pork chop (OMG tender and delicious), pork belly (a little more fatty than necessary, but also tasty, but WAY too small a portion for 2 people) & knackwurst on sauerkraut. I'm not a big sauerkraut fan, but it was pretty mild and enjoyable. The knackwurst was also smoky and delicious. apple tarte tatin: Again, tiny portion, and the pastry was much closer to a puff pastry texture than a tarte. Only 3 thin slices of (very tart, yay!) apple on top. The kicker with this was that it was topped with a vanilla ice cream studded with whole mustard seeds. WOW. It took us a minute to figure out where they'd hidden the mustard, but that flavor really enhanced the dessert. I also had a (very small) glass of an ice cider with dessert, which was delicious and didn't taste nearly as strong as it was. This was also served in a very boring small juice-glass type of vessel that reminded me of my college cafeteria's glassware, so that was odd. Vibe: Service was great, very attentive to refilling your water and such, but really, could they put some lemon in the glass if they're going to serve tap water? No offense, but Chicago tap water just doesn't taste that good by itself. But... the whole vibe of the place was a bit precious. [And look, we've eaten at just about every gastro-pubby eatery on the west coast, so what does this tell you?]  What's with the double doors on the booths? It's not like they afford any real privacy, since they're so low...yet they're just high enough that the waitstaff has to keep opening them to reach over to clear plates and deliver dishes, so they're just kinda silly. The whole place seemed to be trying to straddle a line between upscale/sustainable/artisanal and salt-of-the-earth-workingman's cafe (which would match the neighborhood), and not doing either one especially well.  The much-vaunted beer list was, disappointingly, mostly comprised of imports rather than regional micros. I really wanted to be bowled over by the Publican, but I just wasn't.
