This place sounds different and very intriguing but it's missing a huge part of what is mandatory for a great dining and drinking establishment. This is about the customer. I visited the Violet Hour last night and experienced several different reactions. At first, the place was difficult to find and obviously designed to be that way with the speak easy concept. The boarded up entry is I'm guessing the way to stand out so I was curious. As we entered the place it had a very nice feel. Nice dcor, nice music, and a bit dark. So far, so good. We met up with the rest of the party for a total of nine and all was good. Cocktails were order and despite claiming a full bar, the selection of liquors was somewhat limited. I have read other opinions about the prices but not too bad for the concept they were trying to achieve. The bartender took pride in the fact that they were different and not aware that he was annoying. He actually told a lady at the bar that they didn't have her type of vodka and but she could get it across the street and some other place. The space provided for the party was not large enough and so six of us sat at the booth and the others stood near the bar. Because we were sat at the last booth and near the end of the bar, this didn't appear to be a problem. Apparently they have a no standing rule there. I'm just glad I didn't have to line up to use the washroom with the other kids in my class.Food was ordered and received. The menu was a version of a chef driven home economics class. Deviled eggs, waffle fries, deep fried green beans, etc. It was comfort food but at the lowest level. Very County Fair comfort.As the first hour progress, the service got worse, the music went from classy Rat Pack 1960's to Waylon Jennings, and the attitude got nasty. For a place in Bucktown that wants to have the atmosphere of the Four Seasons or the Park Hyatt, it's really missing the mark. The part that is missing is at those other places, the customer is the main focus. I've never received a bad attitude or poor service at the five star venues this place is desperately trying to mimic. We left before we should and spent another $1000.00 a block down the street.In summery, the Violet Hour has a great concept but would avoid this place at all cost until:The servers realize that they are servers and just because they were special to there parents do not mean that the rest of the world will automatically assume this.The Chef makes a menu that is better than Waffle House.They hire people that have managed a bar/restaurant before. This part of town is great and if you want intended pretentious, you can find it all over but with good service and food.
