I love old. The history, the people who have gone there before me, the beauty and grandeur of a time gone by, these are all things that draw me to historic places and hotels. The Palmer House Hilton is no exception. Its perfect location close to Millennium Park, nearby shopping, theaters and all that Chicago has to offer makes it a perfect choice when in Chicago. Built in 1871, the Palmer House still exudes the charm and grace of an era gone by. The lobby is breathtaking with it's soaring ceiling painted in 1900 (one of the most photographed ceilings in the world) and the gilded figurines done by Tiffany oh so many years ago. It's quite splendid. As for the rooms, they are okay. They have been upgraded over the years but know given the size of this hotel (over 1600 rooms) that this place gets alot of use so some areas feel a little worn out. On this visit- my room with the soaring ceilings had a large king bed (with some comfy linens) and the bathroom was recently redone. On the down side- there is no coffee maker in the room (it's a Hilton- what Hilton doesn't have free coffee?) they charge a daily fee for Internet use, the TV is bulky and old, there is no mini bar, and because it is an old building, the rooms can greatly vary in size. But here's a trick. If you want those big fluffy towels that I've come to expect from the nicer hotels, tip your housekeeper. The first day I was here- the towels and toiletries were functional but not fancy. Day 2, after I tipped the housekeeper? Sumptuous thick towels and upgraded toiletries. Coincidence? I think not! If you want a drink- try Potter's Bar. And for breakfast, lunch and dinner- Lockwood Restaurant located in the beautiful lobby is open. While there may be a line for weekend breakfast- tell the hostess that you are fine with the communal high top table and you will be seated immediately! Room rates vary so do a bit of negotiating and you should be able to get a competitive rate to other places in the city. And leave the car at home. Valet runs $61 a day (with in and out privileges) or you can park it yourself for about $15 less at one of the nearby parking garages (my favorite is one block south on Adams) It's a piece of Chicago history- still vibrant today. I love the photos of all the famous people who once played in the Empire Room that line the halls of this hotel. I love the opulence and grandeur that are the public spaces. I love afternoon tea in the beautiful lobby. And if I close my eyes, I love that I can almost see the generations that have gone here before me.
