My meal here is an example of when borderline stalking on social networking sites pays off. A certain someone came here for their Sunday brunch and all I read was "$24 all you can eat... chicken and waffles". I screamed, ran out to inform J that we were going to be eating here the following Sunday and made reservations right then. A week later: I set multiple alarms. We find easy parking on Clark. The hostess compliments me on my shoes AND shirt. And we feast. Did I mention the Sunday brunch here is only $24?! And this is what you will get: 1) Harvest Tables aka the salad bar. But this is no ordinary salad bar! There is a fruit station with fresh cut mango. There is a pastry station with too many chocolate desserts and cookies. There is a prepared salads station with all sorts of different mixed salads - pasta, potato, veggies, noodles, etc etc. There is a charcuterie station with breads, meats, cheeses, flavored butters, olives (can they move this to my house please?) And finally, a station featuring some tasty vanilla infused oatmeal and brioche french toast. 2) While you are at your table eating your Harvest Table plate (you can always go back for more but I recommend watching your pace for this mammoth meal) servers start to appear with tiny cast iron pans of food. What is this?! Maple glazed bacon? Cinnamon rolls? Hash browns? Frittata? Is this really happening right now? 3) After Step 2, any normal person would be exploding at the seams but this isn't over yet. Whenever you are ready, by placing a rock on your table, you allow for a stream of brunch deliciousness to be brought to you. Craved meats in the form of sausage, turkey, beef. Corned beef hash. Crab cake benedict. And the star of the day: CHICKEN & WAFFLES. This is no ordinary chicken and waffles. This is buffalo chicken and waffes - so salty + sweet + KICK IN THE MOUTH! 4) (Optional) Cleanse palate with fruit and/or dessert from Harvest Table. Honestly, where can you eat that well and much for $24? Our "waiter" did ruin our experience a little though. He basically disappeared for most of our meal. Never brought us plates, kept us hostage for over 20 minutes getting the check (and someone else had to get it for us in the end). Unacceptable. Everyone else who worked there was a dream - chicken & waffle serving man (!!!), meat craving men, hostess, manager. Please remember the rules of successful buffet eating: - Eat breakfast! A small one, to get your stomach working. - Scout out all the options. - SAMPLE small amounts. - Pace pace pace! Enjoy folks. :)
