Full disclosure: This review is for a "10 course" meal with wine pairings on New Year's Eve. I haven't eaten at Sprout on a "typical" night yet, but, despite the putrid review I am about to offer for our experience on New Year's, I will go back. What astonishes me is that another yelper gave a five star review for the experience I am about to write about. We must have been in different restaurants. (Though I am very glad that they had such a nice NYE!) I made the NYE reservation at least six weeks in advance. Two to three weeks before NYE someone from the restaurant called to tell us that they had decided to do a ten course extravaganza with wine pairings. $200 per person, and you needed to give them a credit card to reserve a space. Ok, that's fine. The call was very professional and pleasant. A week before the event someone called to ask about food allergies, and I was very impressed by that. My girlfriend is allergic to shellfish, and that can create real problems at restaurants of this caliber if they aren't prepared for it.  We arrived at 8, and we were seated promptly in the front of the restaurant in a very nice room. "Course" ten was a cocktail - champagne, with ras al hanout and raspberry. It was quite tasty and a nice start to the evening. It was all down hill from there. Course nine was rabbit, and it was tasty but not particularly memorable. This was the best course of the evening for me. Course eight was a prawn dish for me, a whitefish (halibut?) for my girlfriend. Her fish was the best dish of the evening for either of us. It was the only dish, literally the only dish, that was served at the correct temperature. The "hot" dishes were never hot from that point on. The other difficultly that presented itself during this course was that we had to ASK for our wine pairings. By the time the wine (sake, in this case) arrived we had finished our food. A common theme for the evening: Rarely did the server offer us any information about the wine pairing. I didn't learn a thing about the wines beyond what was printed on our "souvenir" menu.  The remaining courses were generally "blah" with two exceptions. (The food was blah due in large part to it not arriving at the table in a timely fashion. At least I think that was the cause.) The Ono was just terrible. I literally have no idea what the dish was trying to accomplish, but it came out as poorly cooked, bland, and at room temperature. It was a huge disappointment. Dessert, however, was the absolute low point. It was listed on the menu as "Foie gras: beet: chocolate: pistachio" In a recent review of Girl and the Goat I commented on the fact that the chef had put together ingredients that I would never have combined - to amazing effect. This dessert, on the other hand, is what happens when a chef combines ingredients to try to be clever yet manages, instead, to outsmart himself. Perhaps the chef was counting on everyone being so drunk that they wouldn't notice that these flavors are totally incompatible. Who knows. But, this dessert was literally inedible. On top of the disappointing food, the mediocre service, and the price tag, the evening also managed to take absolutely forever. We finished with our final course - a gift box of cookies (which were also terrible) - at 11:30. That left us with very little time to get anywhere else in the city before midnight, and we (clearly) had no interest in remaining in Sprout. To get us out of the restaurant as quickly as possible so that we wouldn't be in a cab at midnight I had to go up to the bar and get our bill. $400 plus a twenty percent tip and we've just spent $480 on a truly mediocre meal. If my recent experience at Girl and Goat represented the best value I have ever enjoyed at a restaurant, then this was the absolute worst.  So, with all of that, why would I go back? Well, Dale - the owner/chef - seems to be a really nice guy, and he certainly CAN cook. (HIs performance on the Top Chef finale the first time through was truly inspiring.  This man certainly knows how to make great food.) He came out into the restaurant to greet the customers on several occasions. Also, some of the dishes (had they been hot/warm) seemed very promising. It wasn't the food per se that was bad, it was that they couldn't get the food to the table quickly enough. The staff seemed to be totally overwhelmed.  Sprout, you are getting a second chance. For now, you stand out as the worst value I have ever gotten from a meal in a restaurant. I really can't believe that happened in Chicago...
