Wow, what a disappointment. This place is right in the neighborhood and we passed it a million times over the years so finally we took the kids in hopes it would become our cozy, neighborhood mom and pop Italian place. We were SO ready to love it. It SEEMED exactly like what were were looking for... total neighborhood feel, lots of regulars who knew the waitresses by name, pictures of news anchors and policemen all over the walls, a full menu of all the favorites, a warm cozy low lit feel... but that's where the good stuff ended. The waitress was INSANE. I don't mean she was super busy or full of energy. I mean INSANE. It was a pretty slow night and we were one of maybe three tables full of people. Every time we ordered something she told us exactly how long it would take to come out... each item a different time. You would think after our third or fourth "um, sure that's fine..." she would get the point we didn't need really need arrival times.. When she wasn't pinpointing the time of each dish, she was full on up-selling us in a very obvious and tacky way. This resulted in way too much food for the table and it seemed like she knew it as we ordered. It also seemed like all she was worried about was upping the total on the bill while calculating her tip. After our order was in, one of the kids decided they wanted calamari so we asked her to add it to the order. It was as if I asked her to inhale a piano into her nose through a straw. She actually looked hurt when I asked. She was speechless for a few seconds. She then of course went on to tell me exactly how long that would take to prepare and that it surely would not come with the rest of the food. I told her I understood and that that was fine.. but she must have misunderstood what I said because she went on to explain to me again in a different way that the item ordered after the rest of the meal was ordered would come some time after the rest of the food. I really do understand such things. I'm a pretty smart guy when it comes to ordering food and waiting for it to arrive. There was a ballon animal guy there that night too... the kind with loads of quiz questions for the kids at the table... I probably would have been more annoyed by him in any other circumstance, but all my annoyance energy was being directed toward the waitress... so the balloon guy got off easy. Our bill ended up just so ridiculous for what we ordered and for a family of five. If I'm going to spend that sort of money, why wouldn't I go to Sabatino's a few blocks away? This food here was OK at best... nothing special... nowhere as good as Sabatino's but yet just as expensive. As you can tell, I am still feeling the burn from this place.
