I have been to Gilt approximately 18 times since it opened. If I didn't love this place, I wouldn't keep doing it. I have come here for just drinks, but almost always for dinner. The concept makes it. I know that some people find it pretentious or too stylized but I really like the Sodikoff aesthetic in general. However, there's something about this place that feels more magical and in my element than any other. It could be the lighting or the looks of the place. I know for me it has a lot to do with the music too. I have had nearly everything on the menu, with the exception of shellfish, at least once (and some dearly departed dishes that I guess don't get carried over through seasons). The bone marrow is spectacular with the onion relish. Other consistent favorites are the truffle pasta, the new bleu cheese fondue (which is crispy on top, not like fondue as much as a caramelized cheese dip bake) the spicy orrechiette with sausage, the blackened cauliflower, the pot roast.... they had a really killer salmon awhile ago. I have tried other people's pork belly and the fries, which are fried in pork fat, smell so good that I have seen dutiful vegetarians break their vows to eat them. Their beer selection is generally good, but I come here for cocktails. The Vodka Smash (ginger beer, tito's vodka, lemon, lime, muddled mint) is one of the best, second to some of the ones at Drawing Room (I put some of Gilt's cocktails ahead of Violet Hour on a good day). There was one cocktail, with reposado mezcal and honey, that was a favorite - but I think that may be off the menu for awhile. Don't feel limited by their list, either. If you ask nice they'll make you anything you want, or think of something for you. I have come here on many nights, from midweek to the busiest hours on Saturday, and usually get very efficient service by good sharp people. Most recently I had my birthday here. However for this one I want to give a shoutout to Mike B. for being one of the best guys I have had here. He took my embarrassing friends' request to load up an apple cake (which is great) with as many candles as it could fit. He returned with dessert, candles not only all over the cake as promised but in an amazing show of effort also melted and stuck upright around the plate too. Why are these people at Gilt so awesome? Because their restaurant is really cool, and they are part of that fabric. I have yet to have bad service here (Curio, on the other hand, has annoyed the crap out of me with the wait times. Also, the crowd gets kind of trashy on Saturdays, which is surprising). Highly highly recommend. I can't really cook and blow a lot of money on trendy dining in this city, and this is one of the few spots I would be willing to hand it over to every time. My only complaint is that they need to post a live version of their playlist somewhere, like a radio show stream, because I always want to know what song it is.
