I ate at Alinea again last night, nearly two years after my first visit with a fleeting concern that my second visit wouldn't live up to my first. All but one of the dishes was new - Hot Potato, Cold Potato remained on the menu. They must have listened to my prior review as they picked the right one as their trusty stand-by :) All in all, this experience was even better than my first!  1. We started the meal with Char Roe accompanied by carrot, coconut and curry. This dish is not too memorable.  My friend has a salmon allergy, and they substituted Mango for Roe and impressively even printed up her menu with this substitution. 2 - 5. Oyster Leaf, King Crab, Mussel and Razor Clam. Brought out on a piece of driftwood from the ocean, this was one of the more unique presentations. The concept of the Oyster Leaf was unique - the oyster flavor was subtle and more present in the after taste. The Razor Clam was prepared in an Asian sauce of shiso, soy and kaikon and was the winner of these four preparations. Note that it wasn't clear to us until they brought out our printed menus that this was treated as 4 dishes as it seemed we completed our meal a few short of the 19 promised.  6. Wooly Pig served with fennel, orange, and squid. - served on a metal stick and meant to be eaten no-hand's, this again was a unique and fun presentation. The fennel flavor, fortunately, was subtle and worked with the pig and squid. 7. Scallop. Served as a mouse rather than an actual scallop, the scallop flavor could have been stronger. This was probably my least favorite dish of the evening. 8. Ice Beet. The centerpiece on each table is a brick of ice with test tubes filled with a deep purple liquid. During this course, you slurp out the beet juice. If you like beets, this is awesome.  9. Black Sea Bass. This was the most traditional dish served all evening and one of the highlights! This is a healthy portion - a whole fish split between two people. Reviews had said to be careful to not eat too much of this to save room for the rest of the meal. At the end, we wished we had cleaned the bones on this Bass. 10. Hot Potato - as good as I remembered it! The Parmesan and Truffle really make this dish. 11. Wild Mushrooms - I loved this dish but also LOVE mushrooms.  12. Venison - this was another of my favorites. You basically make a cabbage wrap with mustard, bacon, venison, and a few other accompaniments, and the flavors explode in your mouth. 13. Black Truffle - Another masterpiece and debatably as good as Hot Potato. I'm partial to Truffles.  14. Squab - the waiter arranges a bunch of forks and spoons on the table in front of you, one of which has the squab and the rest have different bites to go with it. You eat them one by one, dropping the forks and spoons into a bucket. This dish was more about presentation than substance (though wasn't bad). 15. Anjou Pear served with Brie. I was excited for this dish as love warm Brie. I feel like the Brie could have been stronger as I only tasted the Pear. 16. Ginger. Five small pieces of ginger with varying intensity levels. A nice pallet cleanser.  17. Winter. This was delicious! See the picture for presentation but basically the white "snow" was minty and melted in your mouth. So light and refreshing! 18. Balloon. A green apple, helium infused balloon. Fun to talk with helium, especially after all the wine pairings!  19. Dark Chocolate. Much written about, one of the chefs (Grant wasn't in the house) brought out a hollow chocolate ball filled with crackers (?), cotton candy, and more chocolate and smashed it on a table drizzled with three sauces (butternut squash, lingonberry and stout). I would have much, much preferred that the sauces be salted caramel and peanut butter as I am a freak and don't like chocolate and fruit together. Great concept and a fun end to our 3.5 hour experience! My friend and I both had the wine pairings though I asked for "short" pours as Alinea has the reputation for pouring heavy, and I wanted to remember all of the meal! Neither of us felt like we had that much wine by the end of the evening, and I wouldn't be scared to get full pours next time! There were a healthy number of sweeter wines. I'm usually not a fan of sweet wine or port but these seemed to work well with the food. In terms of service, what I especially appreciate about Alinea is the lack of pretentiousness of the waitstaff. They're engaging and unobtrusive.  My only complaint was when the bill came, we had been charged $16 for a coffee and espresso. Seems a bit steep, no? What separates Alinea from other restaurants of this caliber is the uniqueness in the food and preparation. Pure genious...
