At the first sign of a clear and sunny Friday evening, we ventured off to a little gem on the northwest side called 90 Miles Cafe (on N. Clybourn, south of Western). Cleverly named for the rough distance from the U.S. to Cuba, this place serves up only the most authentic Cuban cuisine. In fact, we overheard the owner saying that he had lived in Cuban until he was 11 so these recipes are genuine. The place on its own looks like a little shipwrecked hot dog stand with South American flair. The menu is written in Spanish (half of it I couldn't understand, but some words looked familiar). You walk in, order, and find a spot at the counter - a U-shaped deal that has about 12 spots tops - or take a seat at the spacious outside patio seating. The menu here is pretty simple -- some breakfast stuff, sandwiches and sides, and dinner platters (your choice of steak, chicken, pork, etc). that come with fried plantains, black beans and rice. But sometimes, the simple things are the best. Lois went for the chicken dinner -- good stuff. The large chicken breast was lightly marinated and topped generously with sauteed onions. The black beans, which came in a small cup, were flavorful and particularly good when mixed with the sticky white rice. But the plantains were the best part -- slightly crispy on the outside but nice and mushy on the inside. And all of the portions were the perfect size, so you didn't have to worry about loading up on one thing and having to skip the others. Clark ordered the beef steak dinner, which came with all the same sides as Lois's dinner. The quality of the steak was excellent, and the overall taste was delicious. What stood out was the marinade that they use, which consisted of a vinegar mixture that gave it a tart taste. None the less, it was excellent, and was topped with grilled onions and some type of green garnish. But I would have to say that the black beans and the plantains made the meal. I'm not usually the type to request black beans on anything, but this dish came with them on the side, and they were the first to be cleared. And the plantains -- yes, like Lois said, they were delicious and crispy, but full of fresh "banana" flavor. To wrap it up, the food was good, the setting was excellent, the owner is friendly, and authentic, and this place was really kind of interesting in general. We dropped about $25 here for two dinners and two sodas and it was pretty much worth it.
