I used to live in Boystown, my fiancee eats vegetarian out and yet I have never been here till this week. Weird. Anyway, I trooped out here with the fiancee and another friend. We all keep Kosher and eat vegetarian out. To have a restaurant where you can eat anything? What a concept! A restaurant where three jews can get pulled pork if they wanted and think it hilarious? Even more fun. We sat outside and it was nice to be out there except for these ridiculous fast moving large ants (obv not a fault of the restaurant as we were outside, but those things were nuts!) You did have to ask for ice for your water, which was a little strange yet European? We shared the hot "wings" They were in stick form, which was hilarious as no chicken would ever come in a stick (though I did have a star shaped chicken nugget at Hardees once growing up) They had a good amount of spice and a little weird texture but were good. I had the Jerk Chickin with red potato salad which was good (the portions are huge!) but I would have liked more fixings in my wrap. (And less wrap, let's focus on the yummy inside part!) There was just a little tomato and too much onion, I would have liked more with the chicken. The potato salad reminded me of my moms, big chunks of potato and green onion, but not really oniony (which was good.) He had the Dagwood, and as someone who doesn't even eat real red meat, I wasn't a fan of the fake red meat. Also it was red. Like red red. Scary!! My friend had delicious sweet potato fries and the gyros. The company was great and the atmosphere was nice. I would come back and try for brunch or try another meal. I was intent on trying the fake meat as I can get Mexican or a bean burger pretty much anywhere. The service was fine, our waiter helped us order and he wasn't pushy or anything. They refilled the water (with no ice) pretty frequently. It is definitely a fun place to go in a neighborhood that I love. I would come back (but have been warned by my dessert loving best friend that their desserts are not up to par.) We will see!
