I wanted to love Purple Pig so much as many friends love this restaurant & frequent it often. But after a rather disgusting dining experience & disappointing customer service from the manager, I will definitely be urging friends to try other great establishments in Chicago, such as Girl & Goat, instead. Ok, so here we go w/ the review... After much anticipation, we popped into the Purple Pig for an early dinner bc we wanted to avoid the dinner rush & have a chill dining experience when it wasn't crazy busy. We ordered a handful of dishes but before we could dig into the second dish delivered, there was HUMAN HAIR in the food. We just flagged down an employee & told him there was hair in our food. He was one of the guys bussing a nearby table & was really nice about it. He said he'd have the manager come over (standard protocol for a restaurant). I saw the manager walk by, flag down a server & point to us while whispering in the server's ear. Instead of coming by like any manager would, he had a server do the dirty work for him. I felt bad for the guy bc it's not his responsibility to come deal with customers who are unhappy with finding hair in the food. It's the MANAGER'S duty to take responsibility for & address what is I'm sure a HEALTH CODE VIOLATION. He wasn't busy, he was standing by the front chatting with the hostess & stopping by tables around us asking how their meals were. IF YOU CAN MAKE TIME TO GO TO THE TABLE NEXT TO ME & REFILL THEIR SODA OR ASK THEM HOW THEIR MEAL IS, YOU SHOULD PROBABLY MAKE TIME TO ADDRESS HAIR IN YOUR FOOD. I can't even say the food was by some grace of god so good that I could suck it up and eat it, human hair & all. The milk braised pork was really salty. We all walked away feeling like we chugged down some MSG or sucked on a salt lick. The roasted corn antipasti (w/ hair) was pretty legit since I'm a HUGE fan of corn :). The flavors were subtle and it was a light dish. The eggplant parmesan balls were also really light in flavor and had a nice crunchy texture on the outside. You can't really go wrong with fried. And the last dish I can remember were the sweetbreads. The server said they were very "McNuggety" & he was right. Soft on the inside, crunchy fried on the outside. It came with some sauces/smears but I didn't really feel it added much depth to the dish. The food was fine, but the experience was pretty much ruined because the customer service (aka manager) SUCKED.
