"Seinfeld! Four!" It goes without saying that you don't expect to be seated right away when visiting a brunch spot in this city during peak times. That being said, I expect said business to show their patient customers a bit of respect by treating everyone equally and seating them on a first come first serve basis (although depending on how hungry I am, I will agree with a certain Ms. Benes that it should be based on who's hungriest). When I used to frequent Meli, there were several occasions where I put my party's name on the list, and I would see parties clearly arriving after I did and getting seated before me.  "Oh, Mr. Cohen, always here. Very nice man. He live on Park Avenue". Unless Meli really had adopted the "Who's Hungriest" policy and they had a machine that accurately measures your level of hunger, this is just one example of their poor customer service.  This didn't keep me from coming back however, as I enjoyed the food and would frequent quite regularly, until the last time I visited this place about a year ago. It was a Sunday morning, and I had a craving for pancakes, so The Husband and I decided to go to Meli for blueberry pancakes. I had always ordered eggs there in the past, so I was pretty excited to try their version of my favorite sweet breakfast. Husband was a little disgruntled at the service he experience the day before (see Meli review by Teddy C.) on account of a certain rude hostess who refused to give him quarters so that he can fill the meter and spend money at their establishment, but he took me anyway.  When my pancakes arrived, I was so excited I could hardly contain myself (what can I say, food makes me happy). I had 3 gorgeous blueberry pancakes before me, lightly dusted with powdered sugar, but wait--one shot glass of maple syrup? I knew this couldn't be, so I summoned the waitress over (this was an emergency) and asked for more maple syrup please. She replied that she would charge me $.75 for each additional ounce of syrup. I asked for 2 more (bringing my grand total of money I have spent on the world's cheapest breakfast food to about $10), and my pancakes were still dry and I unhappy. The straw that broke the camel's back was when Husband asked for honey to put in his tea and was charged $.75 for that too.  "Where am I? Is this a dream? What in God's name is going on here?" This nickel and diming on top of already overpriced meals is precisely the reason I will not come back to Meli. Scratch that, maybe I will come back one last time, armed with my own "outside maple syrup" and a bag of quarters.  When the check arrives, I will throw the bag of quarters at the rude hostess and say "here's your money!" All right, maybe I wouldn't actually throw the bag...
