This place is awesome. I'd use an exclamation point, but that's just not my nature, but I could, it would be appropriate here. In fact, stop reading this and just get some. However you want to get it, take-out. They have an online ordering system that is just so easy to use, though on Grubhub it might a little daunting for a newb to order, but go directly to their site and see pictures and detailed explanations of everything, and you can still order directly without Grubhub. You can dine in, the service is like you are dining in someone's house and they just can not tolerate you leaving without feeling welcomed and stuffed, and perish the thought of your glass going below half empty. The dinning room itself is gorgeous. This is a fantastic place to take a date or impress the folks from out of town. If you are worried about said folks being intimated by Persian food, relax, they speak the universal language of Rib Eye (only in Persian it's called Chenjeh) and I'd say it's a must-get, but you really should try one of each. Really. I regularly ordered the Rib Eye, Ground Beef, Ground Chicken, and Chicken. I see there are lamb and shrimp kababs, and realize my horizons need expanding. I've tried the Filet Mignon, but am so addicted to the stuff that costs even less that I usually don't bother, but that doesn't mean it isn't good either, I only need to save my $$$ the rest of the menu.  And what a rest of the menu it is. The breads are fabulous, made on the premises and worth saving room for and the $0.60 to get extra if you are ordering humus. If you are still reading this and haven't place your order yet (why, I'm not sure, but thank you) even the RICE is good. The RICE, seriously, who writes a good review about RICE? That's just ridiculous! But it's the truth. The Dill Rice is worth writing home about, as I am doing now, and they give you a ton of it. Though I like mixing it up and having one order one dish with Dill and one dish with plain, naturally you need to eat family style here to sample everything.  Everything I've had here, is something I'd order again, right now, if it wasn't so rich for my wallet. I've tried the Persian salad, Baba Gannouj, Caspian Eggplant Salad (that converted my wife to eggplant), Dolmeh, Lamb Shank, and of course, all of the desserts. The Baklava is a must!
