I've only had one meal here but I'm pretty sure this is my new favorite Chinese restaurant, not just in China Town but in the entire city. I actually stumbled across Lao Sze Chuan at the Taste of Chicago. Unfortunately it was near the opposite end where I'd entered and after eating my way through the maze and stopping at almost every booth I just did not have any room left to try their stuff. What i saw though was fantastic! I nodded at the booth and whispered in my sexy voice that I reserve for ordering food, "We shall meet again." We, in fact, did meet again and it was glorious! I got the Dry Chili Chicken , Crispy Shrimp with Lemon (both of which were on their Taste menu) and the House Special Clam Soup (which was chosen at random from their huge menu). All 3 things were delicious. My boyfriends favorite was the shrimp which were covered in a sweet sticky sauce. The thing that originally drew me to these shrimp is that they were not covered with breading like you usually see in dishes like these. Instead they appeared to be void of breading altogether but still managed a light crisp on the outside while being perfectly cooked throughout. When I ordered it, I half expected it to be a smaller portion but we had so many shrimp that we didn't even have to fight over the last one. I would kill to have that clam soup every day. The clams were served in the shell and swimming in a perfectly spicy broth. This dish also overdid itself with the quantity of clams. My takeout order came in a large soup container and was packed so full of clams that the lid barely closed over the top. I ordered for carry out and while I was standing at the register waiting for my food I had the opportunity to check out what was on all the other tables and coming out of the kitchen. Everything I saw looked fantastic. A few times I contemplated snatching a potsticker off the waitresses tray. I seriously wanted to eat ALL of the food i saw. If you're familiar with China Town then you know it can be hard to find parking so navigating a food pick up can be tricky. The only warning I have is to beware of the red peppers because they are burn your face off hot. The Dry Chili Chicken came with so many that we had a pile leftover after eating. Who can really eat all those? Really?!?! I can't wait to try EVERYTHING else from the menu.
