I sure liked Frontera Grill a lot more than I did its swank attack L.A. cousin, Red O. I came for lunch on Friday with Michael K., walking over from Janice K.'s apartment in a snowstorm. We were welcomed by a warm and festive restaurant, decked out in colorful Mexican art-themed decor. We didn't have reservations, but after we checked our coats, we were seated right away. We were served by a young woman, and I wish I'd gotten her name because she was fantastic. She looked like she could be a disaffected post-teen, but she was actually very competent and friendly. The meal ran smoothly with her at the helm. Towards the end of our lunch, we caught a glimpse of Rick Bayless running around the kitchen. Unexpected, actually, and very cool. We kicked off our meal with a couple delicious margaritas, one traditional and one with a twist. The Topolo Margarita was the classic, with Sauza Conmemorativo tequila, Torres orange liqueur, and housemade limonada, rimmed in salt at our option and shaken tableside. It was splendid, well liquored and very smooth, with a citrus juiciness that kept it appropriate for lunch. The Tamarind Margarita was also delightful, made with Wahaka Joven Espadin mezcal instead of tequila, along with Cointreau, fresh tamarind, fresh lime, and a bit of chipotle. It was less bright than the Topolo, but I loved the smokey mezcal, the flavorful but not quite sweet fruit of the tamarind, and of course, the meaty chipotle salt rim. The best part of the meal came first, in the form of a ceviche trio (or Trio, Trio, Trio, if you're reading along with the menu for some weird reason). This brought a beautiful presentation of Coctel de Atun Tropical, Ceviche Fronterizo, and Ceviche Yucateco in three little cocktail glasses, side by side, with crispy tortilla chips strewn at their base. All three were spectacular. The tuna cocktail came with sashimi-grade Hawaiian yellowfin tuna with an avocado tomatillo guacamole and a tangy mango grapefruit salsa. The tuna was silky and fresh, and the salsa and smooth guacamole provided a lovely base. My favorite ceviche, as well as the high point of the meal, was the Ceviche Fronterizo with lime-marinated Hawaiian albacore with tomatoes, olives, cilantro, jicama, and green chile. This was vivid and refreshing, with bright tangy flavors and a nice textural contrast between the tender sashimi albacore and the crunchy jicama. The Ceviche Yucateco was great, too, with steamed Mexican blue shrimp, calamari, lime, orange, habanero, avocado, jicama, and cilantro. The shrimp and calamari were fresh and supple, and I enjoyed the heat and citrus in the mix. Alongside our ceviches, we also shared a tamal de puerco. This was another highlight of the meal. The tamal consisted of bacon-studded corn masa filled with smoked pork, all steamed in a banana leaf and served with a grilled frisee salad, a pineapple morita salsa, and a rich dark red chile adobo sauce. The corn was not quite sweet with a delightful grain, and the pork was moist and tender. The frisee made the dish feel less sinful, and I loved the way the sweet pineapple interacted with the layered heat of the adobo sauce. I actually preferred that red sauce to the mole poblano, though that was also quite good. For our larger dishes, we went for the enchiladas de mole poblano and the carne asada a la Oaxaquea. The enchiladas were quite good, homemade tortillas stuffed with moist shreds of free-range chicken, all doused in a dark brown mole, served with creamy black beans. The tortillas were nice, softened but not soaked, and I did like the dark sauce, but it was overwhelmingly salty. It still tasted good, but each bite introduced a long parch to my mouth after the swallow. The carne asada was good, but the least memorable dish of the meal. We got the rib steak cooked medium rare, and it came very tender, bright pink but not too chewy. The meat was marinated in spicy red chile then wood-grilled, and it had nice flavor. It came with black beens, sweet plantains, sour cream, and guacamole, and we also got fresh tortillas and two salsas to make tacos. These tacos were great. I especially liked the cilantro heavy green salsa, and the plantains were excellent. We saved just enough room for what we hoped would be a bright, light dessert. We ordered the sopa de frutas - avocado lime sorbet with blood oranges and tangerines, floating in a sparkling pomegranate broth - and it bombed. The sorbet was weird and not refreshing. It was okay flavor-wise, but the texture was weird and gummy, especially when it met the pomegranate soda water. The fruit was fresh and lightly bitter, but none of the flavors really came together. This was a disappointment. Still, we left Frontera happy customers and spent the better part of the afternoon walking off our lunch. We'd decided beforehand to try both Frontera and Topolobampo, and the first meal left me excited for the second. Hasta la vista, Sr. Bayless.
