For months now I've found myself salivating in our home office, as the smell of fried chicken wafts in through the window and fills my apartment with deliciousness. For those of you who know well the smell I speak of, you know there's nothing like it in all world. Even if I had just eaten an enormous dinner, I'd smell the eu de crispyness and say to my other half, "Man, we've really got to go to that chicken place. It smells SO GOOD". So, finally we made our trek over their last week. I decided it was the perfect opportunity to partake in fried goodness, as I needed to 'lay a foundation' pre-Nisei drinking or, as the boyfriend calls it, 'harden my arteries'. I thought I was very clever about the whole thing and was super excited to dine.....and totally missed the fact that we were both in blazing white shirts. Not exactly the wardrobe choice for barbecue fans the world over. Not so much. Luckily, I decided to play it safe and just get their 'plain jane' wings with the sauces on the side. My shirt survived unscathed. Mike got the 1/2 barbecue chicken. Everything tasted good, but we both found the meat to be a little lacking. Now, this may be due to the fact that, unlike KFC, Crisp uses real animals when making their food and not genetic-mutant-headless-full o' meat-freak birds, but worth mentioning anyway. I liked the communal seating, how everything was super clean, the choice of beverages, and the BYOB option. The owner at the counter was extremely friendly and nice, and offered to show us some of the orders coming out so that we could gauge what size/ type of item we should get. He also followed up and made sure to ask us what we thought of everything, which I really appreciate. The next time I go back, I'm going to try something a little bit more adventurous and bring some beer or wine to enjoy. Of course, it's worth noting that Mike's white linen shirt did in fact die a sudden, messy, and bloody (looking) death. All down the front of him. It was terrible. We dropped the shirt off at the cleaners yesterday, with Mike explaining it as a "possible gone-er" to the nice little lady behind the counter. Lesson learned- wear something you're wiling to stain and/or throw out, or big up and wear a bib! ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- *update 5/8/2008* Mike's shirt is confirmed dead. Got it back from the cleaner's and, well, it's done for. Thanks for your letters of support and concern in this trying time.
