Your life is a countdown ever since you're born. This is your life and it's ending one minute at a time. It's just money, charge it or sell a kidney or forgo college. You surely have four hours to spare. Con your old-guard boss with aviator glasses in a polyester suit to let you off an hour or two early. Everyone has defining moments in their lives. Birthdays. Trips. Graduations. Weddings. Births. Deaths. Break-ups. We all have things that help shape who we are as an individual. We all have experiences that are out of this world and make you sit back and just think. Alinea is one of those experiences. But it's so powerful because it evokes those of your past, basically everything, or at least a lot, and brings it to the present. I recalled memories of my childhood in Antioch, Illinois at my grandmother's cottage. I recalled summers and late nights at my childhood home. I recalled a trip up the coast of California I did with my family in 2003. I recalled cakes and desserts I ate as a kid. I recalled previous meals and dining experiences. I was so pleasantly delighted. I wasn't overwhelmed, although I could see why you would be. I laughed. I smiled. I got a little nervous. I don't want to elaborate too much on courses, atmosphere, or service, except for to say that it's all essentially perfect. You will not "love" every course, but most will stand out to you. Classics like hot potato cold potato, and black truffle explosion will surely stand out, and seasonal touches like the tomato dish will certainly be a highlight. There might be one you don't like. I didn't like the fishbowl course. But I wouldn't change it because it reminded me one time of eating a hot dog as a kid and hating it (little did I know I'd go on to consume ten thousand hot dogs at Hot Doug's about 15 years later). All I have to say of the atmosphere...I was freaked out, delighted, oh, and surprised by the entryway. Amuse-bouche included. The waitstaff is friendly, unpretentious, helpful, funny, and all around amazing. You'll laugh with them, they'll joke, they'll instruct you, they'll help you determine wines or beverages, and if you're lucky, they'll take you to the kitchen afterwords. The essence of Alinea and the finale, is the dessert. Do not ignore. Pay attention. If you're lucky (I was) Chef Achatz will prepare it for you himself. I feel ridiculous for ever saying anything was #1 in the past. This fucks everything up, this defines everything, breaks rules, sets new standards, and all around marks a time in history in your life. The aftermath will overwhelm and delight you and make you speechless. This is a metaphorical acid trip. This is what living is... This is Alinea. I'll probably never sit on the hallway of my condo building floor and purchase tickets for a restaurant again. I love you, Alinea. I really, really do. You are a part of me forever.
