I clearly am not getting something here. I'm missing something. I don't get the high reviews. I thought it sucked, overall. The setup is cool, I'll grant that. But otherwise, the food sucked. I've tried 4 different things here on different occasions and nothing impressed me, at all. On a hot summer day I was craving a lemon bar- so I headed over to Alliance Bakery! It sucked. I'm sorry, but it was the WORST lemon bar I've ever had. I've had better lemon bars from hotels at work meetings. It had zero lemony flavor, and the consistency was totally dry. Dry Dry Dry. It was way gross. I couldn't finish it and tossed it in the trash. Then I had a pecan bar of some sort. It was blah. It was truly blah. Again, I didn't finish it and just tossed it. I tried a third time with this bakery. This time I got 2 cupcakes- one red velvet cupcake and one yellow cake with the vanilla frosting. The verdict? They both wound up in the trash. The red velvet was better than the yellow cake. But the cream cheese frosting was actually too airy. Which I rarely say about frosting- usually with a cupcake I feel like there's just too much frosting- it overwhelms the cake. In this case it was just airy- cool whip airy. Like cream cheese cool whip. The yellow cake/vanilla frosting- SICK. It tasted EXACTLY like Jewel grocery store's cupcakes. EXACTLY. The frosting was identical and the cake was exactly the same. Not to mention the cake was D.R.Y. Not to mention the people working there are too cool for school. The people I've met refuse to make eye contact, or greet you or smile. I get that they are super duper cool, skinny pant wearing, tattooed, pierced dudes and dudettes, but come on. That's not how you run a business. Smile. Greet a customer. Make small talk. Something- some sign of life... please? Give me some reason (other than the lousy baked goods) to return. I will never ever return. I've given this place 3 chances, I've ordered 4 different things, and I've disliked it all. I can't figure out why people rave about this place. Lucky for Alliance Bakery, I seem to be in the minority. I just don't get it. When there are bakeries like Dinkel's's and Molly's Cupcakes in this city, who in the world would rave about this dump?
