I was really bummed out by nana. I've been wanting to go here *forever*, and finally wrangled up a buddy to go treat ourselves to their lovely-sounding dinner menu. I'm just going to do this bullet style. My heart hurts. The good: -The space is really quite lovely, with a homey, outdoor patio perfect for a late-summer cocktail. -The michelada was one of the best I've had. Their spice mix is clearly homemade, and while I think I'd probably use a crisper, less sweet ale than Red Pig, I couldn't deny that the drink was damned tasty. The not-so-good: -The beet watermelon salad with burrata is a combination of my three favorite food items ever, and I'm sorry to say that it was not good. Our impression was that it had been prepared the day before because the watermelon had the dry, mealy texture consistent with melon that has been sitting in the fridge for a bit. Had the dish been fresher, I think I would have loved it. As it was, we didn't even finish it. -Next up was the mac 'n cheese. Decent, with the the perfect amount of thyme and well-cooked pasta, but came out lukewarm enough to where the cheese had started to congeal. Again, like it had been sitting out too long to serve.  -Lentil tacos. These could be yummy if executed well. The tiny lentils were mixed with a really great sauce, and the coleslaw was fresh and tasty. The pineapple salsa was probably excellent the day it was made but was slightly off. The tortillas were dry and cold, which I don't get at ALL, but was consistent with everything else we ate. The rice was lukewarm. I wouldn't pay fifteen bucks for it again. -Collard greens. These had good flavor, but on the second bite my friend got a crunchy mouthful of dirt and grit that signified the greens weren't cleaned very well. Those didn't get eaten. -I know what you're thinking. "But why didn't you SAY something, fool!" Service was distracted and even a bit chilly. I think it was a busier night than they had expected, so we weren't surprised when we remarked about the dirty greens to someone clearing the table and there wasn't much of a reaction. He kinda sped off and didn't return. I'm not even sure I could describe our waiter, as he was so frenzied and brief that he remains but a blur in my mind. We weren't about to get dessert after the rest of the meal kinda blew, so we dropped seventy bucks and called it quits. Again--I think they were truly just having an off night, but it was off enough to where I don't at all intend to return.
