At some point, when my jedi skills are sensing an unusually low number of tourists on the Mag Mile, I will go back for the extensive and affordable wine list. I think it said 40 bottles under $40--many of these are available by the glass and in 2 different sized carafes as well. It kind of reminds me of Quartino in that sense ("where the wine is cheaper than water," as they say). It gives you the opportunity to try a few different things, which is nice, because that way you can get into experimenting with pairing things to all of the small plates that you will order. I give the server points for letting us sample a wine (that is available by the glass) before we placed our final order for a full bottle. That was nice, and she didn't have to do that -- but I didn't find the service to be amazing all-around. I found myself hunting for her on a few occasions, but I didn't resort to standing up or raising my hand in the air for 5 minutes, which, for better or for worse, I have had to resort to elsewhere. The lack of attention could possibly be, in part, a function of the communal table action. Being sandwiched in between others can mean that the deficiencies are less visible to the server. All in all, I think the service was still satisfactory... but we definitely over-tipped. The restaurant itself had a more peasant feel than I expected, having overheard things about the type of food that is served. It's not to say it isn't pLeasant, but it's more "country" ... you know, proletariat. It's more casual in that sense, yet it has that Michigan Ave neon-type glow and vibe to me, that makes it feel like perhaps you shouldn't go in a ratty t-shirt. The overall image of the place starts with the discovery that there is no valet parking, which is mostly odd and inconvenient, given it's strange location right off Michigan Ave (at Illinois), but it's not really on the street at all. I suppose that suits those staying at the nearby hotels quite well. The banner-like sign above the pedway to the restaurant is the only indication that the place is there, at least by night, but it isn't that polished; Not sure if it's the font or the way it is lit or what. I will go refresh my memory, but come to think of it, the web page isn't that impressive from a design perspective either. There appears to be covered outdoor seating out front; not sure what it overlooks, as we were seated indoors. Food was good -- we ordered the marinated olives b/c we were starving, and those were just fine and included a few meaty monsters. I also requested the heirloom salad with cucumbers and feta (basically a greek), but the whipped feta smear came instead. I was trying to go the healthier/fresher route, but as the crostini that accompanied the smear looked nicely brushed with olive oil and charred, we accepted that instead. Aside from the bread aspect, I am not sure if I am really that into the smears, and I'd probably prefer more solid food, personally. The greek sausage was tasty (and Chicagoans love their encased meats), but the pork shoulder really was delicious and tender. My only slightly negative comment about the latter is that it felt very wintery to me, having been accompanied by more or less mashed potatoes and gravy. We ordered it, and we definitely finished it. Perhaps someday I will wander back for the wine and to satisfy my curiosity as to how you deep fry a deviled egg.
