Big Jones Big Frog Legs Big Deep Fried Mashed Potato While Big Jones likely is known for its brunch, I made an online reservation courtesy of their web site (http://www.bigjoneschica) that set it up through Open Table for dinner. Upon arriving for 7:30pm for dinner my jaw dropped as there was only one other group eating in the restaurant! Had Yelp been wrong? Had my hopes been dashed? Should I have gone for brunch instead of dinner? Some Big Easy music played in the background and I sat waiting for the rest of my group. The problem of emptiness soon rectified itself as people started filling the seats, mind you it was a snowy mess outside and difficult to park with all the mess out there. I ordered a Jasmine Blossom Tea for my hurting throat and it was magnificent. Brought to me in a small glass teapot, there was a Jasmine Blossom in hot water and the water turned to tea and I was delighted with bagless tea! Now to the nitty gritty: Fried Frog Legs: $12 These four frog legs came in a delicious orange sauce breaded crisp like Popeye's without sacrificing the integrity of the reptilian meat. Reptilian these legs did nary taste and delightful it was to sink my teeth into fried crispiness of fine southern frog legs! The most amazing thing of this dish is not the frog legs or the sauce itself. I found myself savoring every last bit of mushroom that accompanied my frog legs because the mushrooms packed a dense flavor of sweetness, sourness, and a saucy air of miracle about it. Mad props to the wizards of Big Jones as I wish I had ordered two or three orders of frog leg! Tallgrass Beef Burger - $14 The burger came with a healthy portion of cajun fries loaded up with herbs and spices that was a bit overwhelming. Fortunately for me, these fries came with garlic aioli similar to what you'd find at Hopleaf, so I could dip the fries in and not be inundated by the multitude of herbs on these fries. The burger itself was large and came on an interesting roll/bun kind of tasting like potato bread. The burger was very soft and tasted delightful. The softness of the burger and the onions made it comforting to eat. I took it home for leftovers and ate it cold since it was so tasty! Deep Fried Mash Potato - $4 Generally, these mash potatoes come with the steak, but I couldn't feel good about myself if I left without trying some! They made me a giant helping of deep fried mash potato as a side and I was able to split it with the other four people sitting at my table so that we could all have a little. Delightfully breaded but a bit oversalty. This dish would be ideal with some gravy to offset the saltiness of the crust. There was so much food all around I got to sample some halibut, gumbo, and some of the free cornbread. For dessert we rocked the cool Sweet Potato-Sorghum Pie with some ice cream in it and some fresh out the oven Mississippi Mud Pie. During dinner I can swear I drank 12 cups of tea and ungodly amounts of water. I really can't remember the last time I ever went out and had a 2.5 hour dinner on an idle Thursday for no good reason at all. Marvelous food and a great time to be had in these doors. Big Jones FTW!
