I really, really wanted to love this place. If I were rating only on the food, it would be 5 stars. But alas, I must take in to consideration our service (or lack there of). So, here goes... We went here for my birthday. Made an online reservation and that was A-OK. I put a special request about my birthday in the special request part of the online reservation. I really thought someone would notice this special request and take action. I'll talk more about that later. So we get to the restaurant around 6:30PM. We are obviously a little early compared to others and the restaurant is about 75% empty. Although it's empty, we are seated in one of the worst spots in the restaurant: right by the door to the kitchen. Someone in my party does not like this seating arrangement, so we asked to be moved. We wait a few minutes and get the OK to move to another location. Fine. We are given bread, with no bread plates. OK, fine. Our server comes to greet us and runs through a super long list of information in a very monotone voice, further annoying people in my party. So far, my birthday isn't off to such a great start. The server continued to make fumbles, like giving unnecessary and demeaning information about how to read the wine list, throughout the entire meal, so that was definitely a minus. The food was great, so no complaints there. Moving on to later in the meal, we are of course very full and are asked by the server if we want dessert. It's my birthday, so I assume they are going to bring me something out (considering we are paying around $65 a plate, including drinks). Well, no birthday dessert makes it over to my seat, despite the fact that we notated it in the special request of the online reservation. This leads me to believe no one actually read the special request field. Minus one again. Finally, my hubby tells the waiter its my birthday and she offers to bring out a few complimentary scoops of ice cream with a candle. I've had a fancier dessert for my birthday at $15 per plate TGI Fridays. Then we wait 20 minutes for them to bring our car back from the valet. That whole valet system obviously needs a makeover. 20 minutes? Longest valet I've ever experienced. So, we just expected more from this place. When you are paying that much money for a meal, there are certain things you are looking for. Aside from the food, Texas de Brazil missed the mark. If you are debating whether to go to Fogo de Chao or Texas de Brazil. The choice is a hands down Fogo de Chao. Food is about the same, but Fogo delivers on service (I actually went to Fogo for my birthday last year and they brought out a delicious chocolate dessert with happy birthday written in chocolate sauce - very pretty and tasty).
