If you are a nerd in love with food this is the place for you. Our evening started out with a greeting from Graham Elliot himself at the reception desk. This mad cap with crazy spectacles reminded me of my mad scientist chemistry teacher in 10th grade. The over prevalence of breakers (as decanters, soup serving 'bowls') only added to my suspicion that here is a gastronomy expert and we were in for a ride tonight. Waiting for our friends to arrive, we then sat down at the bar for some cocktails. I had the anise in wonderland (I've been on some sort of an anise craze lately) and my wife had some other sort of citrus goodness with a whipped egg-white to boot. When we got to our table, I was first impressed that every ingredient in the food were things that I truly enjoy to cook. I was a little saddened that we could not order the tasting menu (my wife, a pescetarian did not want the Wagyu beef) but we all seemed to order enough of the menu to get a feel for what Chef Bowles is trying to accomplish. The meal, as always starts with his playful popcorn infused with truffle oil and parmesan. As an homage to chicago, I ordered the caesar salad with the deep fried twinkie (a lovely fried Brioche infused with goat cheese). My wife ordered the spring pea soup with a mint marshmallow that added a lot to the flavor. The wines we ordered were just as exciting as the food itself. From small batch wineries in Europe we picked out a nice bottle of white and red wines. Onto the scallops- they were cooked to perfection with a lovely caramelized crust. Underneath these scallops was a lovely green bean and almond smoke. The flavors worked perfectly. It was gone in seconds. I then had the Wagyu beef. It was so tender, I did not need to chew it at all (not sure why they gave me such a manly knife). My wife's Halibut was again perfectly cooked and the morel and peppercorn dust made for a great dish. Desserts-what can I say- you can't go wrong with almonds, chocolate and apricots. The marzipan was lovely as was the little chunk of chocolate. Our friends had the strawberry and lavender ice cream/ chartreuse which was a lovely way to end the evening. I can't wait to get back to my kitchen and cook! Graham Elliot, you are a true inspiration to all of us nerds out there that truly love food. Do you sell bolos with your logo on them?
