My aunt and cousins asked where I would like to go for a post birthday lunch this past Saturday. I knew I would be downtown so I thought this popular Rick Bayless joint would be a nice selection. The long line in front can be very deceiving as it is for Frontera....the entrance for XOCO is actually on the side of the building. While waitng on my family members to show up, I actually had a chance to briefly say hello to Mr Bayless outside. He seemed to be in a hurry, but was polite enough to say hello back to me as he walked back inside the building. The hostess (whom I was told was his daughter) informed us if we were dining in then we would have a 10 minute wait for a table of 5. There seemed to be a separate line for takeout as well. No one really stopped to tell us about the whole dining process. We had to look at the menu on the wall and pay before we ate so we looked pretty lost while in line with others behind us. I consulted with a buddy of mine (Dylan D) via text message to ask him about the delicious sandwich he had here months ago and he told me the Pork Belly sandwich was the one that blew his mind. He also said the Cubana was tasty as well. I found out they only serve the pork belly joint on Wednesdays. I went with the Cubana which was decent. It came with a very tasty salsa which made the sandwich much better. To drink, I went with the Lemonade which was sweeter that sweet (pretty good though). We ordered the churro as well...I hear everyone raving about them, but they taste the same as the ones from most carnivals. I guess most people have never had a decent churro before or maybe because it is associated with Mr Bayless it tastes much better to them, lol!!!! Pretty decent spot. Would not mind going again, but I don't know if it is worth standing in the long lines I keep hearing about everyone standing in. I guess I was lucky enough to show up on a late Saturday afternoon to avoid their long lines. Place is pretty small so I can understand it being a wait at times. They have outside dining as well which I would have taken advantage of, but it looked like it wanted to rain. The people that work here seem pretty nice and got me everything I needed (to go boxes/ water/ churros).
