I've been wanting to go to this place for a long time and finally got the chance to last Thursday night. I've had fondue before, but never been to a fondue-specific restaurant, and my friends had talked this place up so much that I was pretty excited to check this place out. We made a reservation for 8PM and when we got there were given the option to hang out at the bar and wait a little bit longer for a booth because they were more private. No biggie so we grabbed two seats and two glasses of wine at the bar. The atmosphere was much like everyone has said; dimly lit, soft overhead music, 6-inch voices of people, etc. The decor was straight out of the 70s (well, what do I know since I was born in the 80s, but that was it seemed like!) and I took particular notice in the bartop which was covered in little tile hearts. Ooo la la. The wait was a little longer than we expected so we ended up ordering a bottle of the Geja's house cabernet at the bar and took it to our table. The hostess came up to the bar and took us to a booth. It wasn't entirely private, but much better than being right on top of another table. It was difficult to read the menu because of the poor lighting, so I'd suggest taking a look online beforehand to plan ahead. Depending on how hungry you are, you can order things a la carte; if you are hungry, order one of the premier dinners because it comes with the cheese fondue, a salad, your meats/veggies, and the chocolate dessert. We were hungry so we went with two premier dinners: the beef tenderloin and chicken, and the beef tenderloin and lobster. The cheese fondue was awesome. The waiter brought out a post of hot cheese and a decent-sized basket of breads, grapes, apples, and other various foods. I LOVE LOVE LOVE apples dipped in cheese, and I'm a HUGE fan of pumpernickel bread, so I went to town. It was quite filling, but I couldn't stop eating, and hoped that I would have plenty of room for everything else that was coming. Once we were done with the cheese fondue the meats and veggies came out. WIth that came a huge pile of assorted veggies and 8 dipping sauces (props to the spicy garlic sauce - YUM). To be honest, I was a little surprised at first because it didn't appear to be a lot of meat. There were the 4 rows of meat and about 4 chunks per row. Since I'm a big eater I expected a bit more, but once I started digging in I was pretty fulfilled. Since the meats and veggies take a few minutes to cook in the oil, it was a slower eating process, so by the time we were done I was full. They said to cook the meats for 3 minutes or so, but to get mine closer to well-done I let them sit a little longer. I also made a new discovery - broccoli is super tasty when you cook it in oil! A few minutes after finishing the meats the chocolate fondue and goodies came out. I am not a big fan of chocolate, but seeing it right in front of me with a plate full of pound cake and assorted fruits was too tempting not to indulge. After we made it through about 2/3 of the plate we hit the wall and were DONE.  With two premier dinners, a bottle of house wine, 2 additional glasses, and a $40 gift certificate, our bill still came to about $85... so assume about $75 per person with tip if you dine like we did. The experience was top-notch, the food was great, and the staff was friendly. It an every-so-often type of restaurant, and I wouldn't suggest bringing large or loud groups of friends to this place. The only oddity of the night was the couple to the far right of us in a booth on the opposing wall. I couldn't help but notice the awkward lack of conversation and staring over at our table. I'm not sure if it was a bad first date, a breakup, or what, but that being said, Geja's really isn't a place to stage either one of those two events. Hopefully everything worked out between the two of them!
