Hands down the most disappointing meal I have ever had. This place is the pf changs of mexican food. Came here a few months ago after hearing how great it was (Rick Bayless did win Top Chef Masters, as I was told), and since I was feeling homesick (I'm from Austin, tx) and really really wanted some good mexican food, decided to give it a shot. I came here with two friends and we were all less than satisfied upon leaving. Their margaritas were pretty good, I will give them that. Anyways, we ordered the appetizer sampler which came with guac, empanadas, jicama, and some other unmemorable things. It was alright, but not great, the empanadas tasted one step better than stuff from the freezer section of the grocery store. The real disaster came when I got my entree, the mole duck breast with corn fritters. When it came out everything just looked limp and sad (I questioned whether it had been sitting under a heat lamp). I had a bite or two and it was not good. The texture of the duck was meh, the mole was too too sweet, with no flavor, and the fritters were soggy. I was willing to give it a few more bites before giving it it axe, but at the next one, I chewed into something that had the texture of what I can best describe as a thin rubberband so I spit it out. Upon inspection of all the other slices, I noticed this thick white ribbon going through all of them (what I assume was just really thick silverskin) so when the waitress came back, I told her about it and she took by plate away and didn't charge me for it (which was very nice, I will give them that as well). Any legitimate restaurant should know to remove silverskin from meat before cooking. Even though she took the duck off our check, we still ended up paying about $200 between the three of us in the end. There are much better mexican places around town at cheaper prices. I'm hoping that the reason it was so disappointing is that Rick Bayless is doing so many other things that he doesn't have time to check the quality of all his restaurants regularly and not that he doesn't know how to make mexican food worth shit.
