On a summer Friday night, I met up with a friend at Sunda New Asian at 110 W. Illinois on the corner of Lasalle downtown. I was expecting fabulousness after reading about the restaurant on Perez Hilton (Jeremy Piven apparently dropped his phone into the toilet there and made a waiter fish it out!) Well I decided that if it was good enough for Jeremy, then it was good enough for me! The restaurant did not disappoint AT ALL. Luckily, my friend went to the restaurant while I was driving into the city so, by the time I arrived and gave my car to the valet, our table was ready (a 30-40 minute wait because we failed to make reservations in time). The crowd was very well-dressed, young, and fun. Our waiter came over to us right away and was very open and attentive. He told us about the specials for the evening and I was sold right away on the lobster roll with avocado, mango, and jalapeno inside with bacon and tempura on the top. Oh. My. God. It was the best sushi I've ever had. My friend bought the spicy tuna roll and it was equally delicious. We also shared an appetizer of oxtail pot stickers that were meaty and flavorful. The other highlights (let's face it...what was NOT a highlight???) were the drinks and dessert. They had a beautiful list of cocktails from which I ordered the Rising Sun (Ty Ku Soju, Macadamia Nut Liqueur, Pineapple juice, Black Cherry Brandy) and the Blushing Geisha (Tequila, Pama, Domain de Canton, Guava Juice, Calamansi Soda). My friend ordered the Go Go Berry (strawberries with Absolut Mango, St. Germain, Triple Sec, and Mango Juice). They were all superb. We also chose the Mochi ice cream dessert. It came with the following flavors of mochi (ice cream wrapped in rice paste): green tea, mango, vanilla, red bean, and strawberry. The green tea ice cream was the best green tea flavored food I've ever tasted. The flavors were clean and bright and just plain delicious. The prices at Sunda are not cheap. But the quality of the service and the food were well worth what we paid and I would definitely go there again! Maybe next time, I'll see some celebrities! I think I'll steer clear of Jeremy Piven, though. I wouldn't want him to ask me to fish his cell phone out of the toilet. Correction: Tim from Rockit Ranch Productions let me know that Jeremy Piven actually fished the phone out himself. I hope he washed his hands after!
