The short version: We really enjoyed our evening at Carnivale. Glad we experienced it but if we had the same amount of money to spend on a night out, we'd probably try a new place rather than going back. We had a great evening and very good food, but nothing knocked my socks off.  The long version: We had 8pm reservations on Saturday night for our anniversary. We arrived at 8pm sharp and checked in at the hostess stand. "Oh great, she says. Here's your buzzer. Your table will be ready when it goes off." She didn't give us any sort of time frame, so we walked over to the really crowded bar and tried to flag down a bartender. This took approximately 20 minutes. Finally, we flag one down, order our drinks and as we're closing up at the bar, our buzzer goes off. So, expect that your reservation will mean that you only have to wait 30 minutes vs an hour. Boo. They take us to our table, which was in a smaller dining area behind the bar. It wasn't in the large room, which we liked because it was a little cozier and romantic and we were celebrating an anniversary. We still had our mojitos (raspberry for me, regular mint for him- both were Delicious!) from the bar, so we ordered the cheese sampler of 3 to start while we looked over the menu. We had the Rosemary Manchego which was delicious, the hook's cheddar, which was also very good, and the pleasant ridge reserve, which was my favorite of the three. For the next course, we had a ceviche sampler of 3. We had the special of the night which was a white fish, which was nice and mild, the shrimp- which had a great flavor to it and the Hiramasa, which had cilantro, so I was happy. All three were very fresh and good, but the portions of the sampler were a bit smaller than I expected. Next we moved on to the main course. My husband ordered the Costilla De Res, which he loved. He said it was one of those meals that if it was socially acceptable, he'd lick his plate. I had a few bites and agreed that it was very good. I had the Churrasco. It was cooked perfectly, and I loved the beet salsa and the spiciness of the dish. I wish I could have tasted the goat cheese a little more, but it was good. Not lick-my-plate-good, but good nonetheless. Over the course of our meal, we had a bunch of different drinks. After our initial mojitos, I went with the traditional mint mojito and my husband ordered a flight of the aged rum. All were good, but we definitely liked the Ron Zacapa, which had a great hint of honey in the aftertaste that went really well with our cheeses. We ordered a bottle of Cabernet to go with our main course, which was delicious and reasonably priced. We finished our meal with an order of the Churros. One order was enough to split between the two of us. These were just ok. I would probably skip them next time or try something different. Our server was very good and knew the menu well. We asked for a lot of suggestions and had a lot of questions and he was on top of everything. He'd come back to check on things and ask us about particular items, comparing notes on the flavor, so we felt that he was really well versed in the menu and did a great job helping us choose items. I will say that there were a few times during the night, particularly after we got our ceviches, that he didn't appear for a while, and because we hadn't ordered our entree yet, we were worried that it would take forever for our entree to come out. But our food arrived about 15 minutes after we ordered it-faster than the other courses, which was amazing. So, all in all, we had a very good experience at Carnivale. I'm glad we went and we really enjoyed everything we had. That being said, it was a place we were happy to try once but probably won't return again.
