I suggested to my friend to meet me at the Devon restaurant due to its location. I had fond memories of Uncommon Ground in the past: good mac and cheese and a very comfy bar. My experience yesterday was bad, however.I asked for a rose' wine. I was given a choice between a sparkling rose' or a bottle. Not wanting a bottle for myself, I ordered the sparkling. My fault for not asking the price first...$12.00 per glass.My dining friend showed up and ordered the $5.00 Mimosa special, listed on the chalk sign at the front door. She was told by the bar staff that it was a mistake - the cost was $6.00. If so, it is easy to change a chalk price to the correct price. As it turned out, the bar staff was wrong - the correct price was $5.00.At the dining table, our waitress was very nice. At one point in the context of the conversation with the waitress, I mentioned that my dining friend and I were on opposite ends of the food continuum - she liked a small amount of food, and I liked mounds of food. I ordered a linguini dish that had shrimp in it and little, edible, blue flowers. The waitress said it was one of her faves. I could not believe it when the dish was put in front of me - I have never seen a smaller portion of pasta. There was literally 6 strands of linguini in the bowl. The shrimp had no taste at all - how shrimp tastes when you thaw already cooked shirmp - just a texture in your mouth. The cheese on the pasta was minimal; the blue flowers were very pretty but had no taste. All in all, the dish was completely tastless and the portion was truly embarrassing. It was the serving amount my 2 year old niece would eat. My dining friend was also stunned at the portion. After I ate my dish in 3 minutes and then sat not eating while my friend ate her regular portioned meal, the waitress came over and acutely said, "Are you stil hungry? Would you like to order something else?" Now I was truly angry. I said to her that yes, I was still hungry, but no I would not be ordering any thing else. And I also wonder why our waitress did not tell me the portion was small, considering our conversation about how I liked a lot of food...it would have been a better gesture than asking me later if I was still hungry.This entree cost me $12.00. For this money and when I want a good linguine, I'll find another restaurant where the portions are adult size.
