Came here on a coworkers recommendation. Was really surpised to find a 25 min wait at 9:00pm on a Tuesday night. Luckily the hostess told us we could grab food at the bar upstairs. I gotta say the bar tender was great, very cordial, great with recommendations, she aptly warned us when we might be ordering too much but didn't impose when we didn't go with her recommendation. Ok, maybe it's cause I'm from LA but the prices are a little steep for Vietnamese food. Then again, there didn't seem to be whole lot of Asian food in the area. Flavors were spot on though. Here's what we had. 1) Ca Chien Saigon - Crisp, seared whole red snapper with a light, spicy-sour sauce - market price (about $35 see picture in gallery) Apparently this is one of the dishes they are know for. The waitress recommended this. Nice spice, not overly hot. Goes really well with the rice and deboned so you have very accessible fish fillets. You may want to steer away if you're not used to asian corn starch sauce. 2) Ca Hap - Steamed fillets of Chilean sea bass, with cellophane noodles, oyster mushrooms, tomatoes, scallions, & fried ginger in a light ginger broth - market price ($33 i believe). A good dish, but not as flavorful as the Red Snapper.  3) Bo Luc Lac - Salad of warm, seared filet mignon over watercress with red wine vinaigrette $12.00. Well seasoned, not a lot of places keep the beef warm on this salad. Vinaigrette was nice, not overly potent. PHO - Hearty oxtail soup with rice noodles, beef tenderloin slices, & aromatic herbs 6.50. As a rule of thumb you don't order Pho from restaurant in LA if it's not the first item on the menu (probably mean's it's not their specialty). Not sure if that applies in Chicago and my coworker was sick so we let it slide. Noodles were a little on the soggy side and the broth was a little week but acceptable as far as Pho goes. We ordered a dessert as well. I know it was an ice cream but apparently it that was as memorable as it gets. Food: 3 Service: 5 Value: 2 Ambiance (bar only): 2 (it's a little dark, could hardly see the menu) Overall: 2 (This might be pretty good for the area but I'm just a little bias from all the good and better value asian food in LA)
