I ate at Schwa when it first opened, once after he re-opened the restaurant after Chef Carlson's sudden close of Schwa and recently during last thanksgiving week. In summary, I think it has gone down severely in terms of food and service. When it first opened it I thought it was some of the most innovative food with flavors and preparation that were nothing short of mind-blowing good. It reminded me of Mugaritz with its bold and intelligent flavors and food combinations.After Carlson shut down and re-opened, I had another fantastic meal which was actually better than our meal at Alinea which we ate at the following evening. I have eaten at Alinea at least a half-dozen times and always thought Carlson was or could be in the same league as Grant in terms of sheer cooking talent and his deep understanding of flavors. In addition, the small atmosphere and unconventional setting at Schwa was always more to my liking than a 'big statement' restaurant.However, my last experience dining at Schwa was awful. The food preparation and presentation was sloppy at best and most of the dishes simply did not work compared to our past dining experiences. Although there was some interesting ideas, most of the dishes were clearly not refined yet and there were large inconsistencies on the same dish between each of the 4 diners at our table.The service was beyond awful. When we asked if one of the ingredients in one of dishes of the 9 course tasting menu could be substituted because someone in our party was allergic to it, our server laughed in our face and rudely say 'no fucking way'.  That sort of set our expectations for the rest of the evening. It then became quite apparent that our server, a rather larger person, BO was overpowering the food. In addition, he rarely told us what each dish was and if we dared to ask, he seemed annoyed. Although Chef Carlson did greet me when we first walked in, he was busy serving other 'local' diners who were obviously getting extra dishes and much more personal service.The quirkiness of Schwa is one of the things I did love about the restaurant and although consistency was never a term that you would attribute to Carlson, I think the restaurant has gone down in terms of service and especially the food and we will unfortunately have to skip it for a while until I hear if things have improved. The good news is that there are quite a few other great places to dine when visiting the Chicago area.
