It seems that I only go to Sprout for birthdays. And that's a good thing. It just makes every one of these occasions all the more special and memorable. Ok, so the negative, to get it out of the way first. I've always felt that the interiors at Sprout is somehow disconnected with the food and service. It's the rustic stone-and-dark-wood variety that is just blah. Seems it could be better, but nothing worth picking a fight for. Although I really liked how they enclosed the open front porch. Also, at last night's visit, we were seated at the chef's table. It is now an enclosed alcove evoking a rustic country home nook. The small porthole window looking into the kitchen is a touch of whimsy. Chef Levitski continues to impress with his creative interpretation of global cuisine. A few knockouts of the evening include Seaweed, walu, sirloin, mussels, chile. Beef and fish both presented carpaccio-style, topped with a few steamed mussels, with a very nuanced seaweed broth poured tableside. Lamb, grape, fennel, cucumber, olive, mint. So traditionally Greek, but very clever interpretation. One side of the lamb duo had pieces of barely seared loin crusted with herbs. The other was a patty that reminded me of falafel on first bite. It turned out to be a patty of shredded braised lamb shank. The menu is interesting in how it lists ingredients, but no clue on preparation. It is a testament to the waitstaff's skills to give all the explanation and steer you to the right dishes. Our waitress last night was really well-versed in that sense. The witty repartee between her and our group were priceless too. Why 4 stars? Stellar food. I put Sprout alongside places like Sepia, Blackbird, Takashi. It's fine dining in a relaxed atmosphere. For when you want outstanding food and great service, but without all the hush hush formality. I was asked by a friend who hasn't been to Girl and The Goat on which I would pick between the two. It is an apples-and-oranges question... but I said Sprout. As much as I enjoyed Girl and the Goat, I think Sprout has the slight upper hand. Or leg? Boy, them fighting words. Sprout has become a go-to birthday celebration spot for me, and will continue to be so. Oh wait... when I run out of people l know to take there for their birthdays, what do I do?
