Chicago q is a fun venue to have dinner with friends or for a date night; the atmosphere is lively, the food is great and q turns BBQ into an upscale and modern experience. You even are offered a choice of black or white napkins so depending on what color clothes you are wearing the napkin will not leave noticeable lint! Never had that option at a BBQ joint before. At Chicago q they start you off with a basket of delicious BBQ flavored potato chips and a basket of sweet pickles. They are quick to replenish these treats. There are a half dozen appetizers and our group of six shared the BBQ Flight and the Hush Puppies; both were delicious and a great way to kick off our feast. The BBQ Flight (and the entrees) come with four different homemade BBQ sauces so you can doctor up the meat to your liking (a sweet sauce, a spicy sauce, a mustard sauce and a vinegar sauce). Most of us preferred the sweet sauce, but they are fun to experiment with. I went with the pulled pork shoulder for my entree, but sampled some of my wife's St. Louis ribs. Both were quite good; not only is the ambiance upscale, but the food is much better than your average BBQ joint. The portions are bountiful and only one of the six in our party had a clean plate at the end of the night. Our table also shared a trio of sides including the Kobe beef baked beans (my favorite of the sides; the Kobe beef was succulent and the beans the right combination of spicy and tangy) as well as the buttermilk mashed potatoes and the bruleed mac & cheese (which were both hits as well). The entrees come with your choice of two types of cornbread, slaw or fries - take my advice and go for the cornbread. The meats are excellent quality and well cooked and seasoned. My skinny jeans barely fit by the end of this meal! Chicago q has a nice cocktail list, lots of bourbons, several beers (though I do not believe any are on tap) and about thirty wines; one of my favorite inexpensive wines was on the menu, Girls in the Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon ($34 per bottle) and our table shared three bottles; this went well with the BBQ. Most of us were too full for dessert, but two brave souls ordered the Chocolate Mousse with Pretzel Crust and Salted Caramel which they seemed to enjoy and devour. Chicago q has a nice ambiance; it was a much larger space than I anticipated but even on a Tuesday night it was packed. I definitely recommend making reservations (they are on Open Table). The dining room is a little on the loud side and our table was a tad small for six people, but everybody seemed to have a fun time and we talked about coming back to partake in the $305 Whole Pork Shoulder dinner carved tableside (that serves about ten). Our server was fairly good and her assistants made sure our water glasses were kept full and our table clean. While q is a bit on the pricey side for BBQ (our tab came to about $55 per/person including the wine, tax and tip), it is worth paying up for. Chef Lee Ann is definitely Whippen up some delicious BBQ and this restaurant is well worth a trip.
