I'm not normally a fan of tapas only because I tend to favor places that give you larger portions for lesser prices. However, Having had such positive experiences at 2 other tapas restaurants in Chicago, why not go for 3 for 3? I was set up to come here to meet a guest. I left the burbs an hour and some change early, got there 20 minutes late anyway. Word of warning for those who are coming from the burbs...either plan ahead or...plan ahead. That's all there is to it. Traffic in downtown Chicago is brutal (to say the least) and coming during dinnertime is a verifiable nightmare. Anyway, enough about my travels, let's get to the grub. The table "bread" is amazing. I think it was some kind of bruschetta, but it was absolutely delicious. I could have gorged myself on just those alone. My dinner companion and I elected to go with the "Chef's Selection", which is cornucopia of food. Be warned, however, it because it IS the Chef's selection, you are going to PAY for the chef's selections. Very impressed with the types of flatbread, cheese and spread plate. As well, I loved their dumplings (I think that's what they were). About an hour into our meal, we still hadn't finished anything and the waiter brought out steak knives. At that point, we were both stuffed...but we managed to get some more food down anyway. I think it was more than 7 different types in total, but my memory is somewhat hazy. We also elected to go with a pitcher of the white sangria. However, since they were out of pitchers, our waiter instead promised us 3 glasses of sangria apiece. Since this was an option, we decided to try all three types out and we were very happy that we did. The white was very weak (emphasis on VERY), the red had a very strong wine flavor that didn't overpower and yet still left you with a pleasant tingle, and the seasonal was nothing to write home about. Can you guess which sangria we liked best? Check time came and I realized why we had gotten so much food. I remembered rather suddenly why I don't eat out very often. I'm not complaining though...we had an exemplary meal being served by a top-rate waitstaff. While I'd love to come back often, it's the price tag that makes me realize that perhaps often is a little much. Save up a little and make an occasion of this trip. It's also important to note that it can get a little crowded, making navigation to the bathrooms a little difficult. That and some of the prices were the only things that knocked off a star. (Hey, have you SEEN gas prices? How does one afford to eat AND drive these days?) End result: Parking is available through valet, food is pretty pricey, but with good company it's a great dining experience. Highly recommended for the more casual dating scene as it's not overly pretentious (I thought) and the staff is very friendly and helpful. Great times!
