This hotel is a historic landmark. I feel like I'm in a old Black and White Mafia Movie! The room has a great view of Michigan Ave. The first room I had was on the third floor as well. It was very cold and I had to call the front desk and they mentioned the heat was not turned on and mentioned they will bring me a portable heater and small blanket. It took a very long time to receive the heater and extra blanket and I had to be at a meeting; so I left and when I returned to the room the heater was sitting on the dresser and extra blanket on the bed. When I attempted to take a shower there was no hot water nor warm water. I had another meeting soon and I needed to shower so I went downstairs and spoke with the manager and she changed my room to the ninth floor. As I entered the new room I noticed a big difference. The bed was a California King from a King in the room on the third floor. The furniture was newer and nicer and the new room actually had a desk and the room was bigger, cleaner, and more modern looking. The bed are still generic brand that I never heard of and the bed is not that comfortable where you can feel the springs and the linen is scratchy. The television channels are basic and the Internet is Ethernet and cost $9.99 a night. No microwave. No fridge. The heat works in this room. If your room faces Michigan Ave or the Lake you will feel the Windy City through your windows. In the new room the water takes a while to become warm and never turned hot and the water was brown at first as well. I believe it's time for my investor friends or any investor to come along and buy the Congress Hotel and tear it down like a old hotel on the Vegas strip and build a new one. Wasting renovations on the current hotel is not helping and giving 20% spring discounts for a rate of $79 per night does not assist me wanting to stay another night! I have stayed at this hotel two prior times checking in after 4a with my significant others after a long night of partying and I guess I never noticed anything not worth staying here until I checked in sober for the first time. The highlight of my two nights at this hotel was being taken care of at Enclave Friday night and having complimentary entry with PASSWORD=MAVERICK and Enclave Saturday with PASSWORD=MAVERICK then we headed to V Live where we purchased our tickets with this link: http://ticketdriver.com/
