Las Tablas Ruined Father's Day. We will NEVER be coming back. So me and my girlfriend ate at Las Tablas a few weeks ago and thought it would be a good place to take her father for Father's Day. We heard they had a great brunch buffet and decided to definitely go with Las Tablas. The Friday before Father's Day I decided to call Las Tablas and ask them about their Brunch Buffett. They were kind enough to tell me all the incredible things that were included in the brunch buffet. I told them I was sold and asked them if we could make reservations SPECIFICALLY for the brunch buffet. They said yes and gave me a reservation for 1:00pm on Sunday. The Saturday prior to our reservation I thought to ask if we could still order off the menu ON TOP of the brunch buffet and they said yes. Please make note that I phrased my question as "Hi, I made a reservation for the brunch buffet tomorrow (Sunday). Can I still order off the regular menu with the brunch buffet?" This will be important to remember in my next paragraph. So Father's Day arrives and my girlfriend's parents meet us at the restaurant. It's an hour away from where they live. As we walk into the door we see a handwritten sign that there will be "No Buffet" today and are immediately confused. We walk up to the host who is on the phone. The host doesn't even acknowledge our presence and continues to talk to the person on the phone. Even if he was on the phone with a customer he should have taken a second to say "I apologize, I'll be with you in a second." Another host arrives for her shift and finally asks if we can be helped. I tell her about our reservations and immediately ask for clarity on the brunch buffet due to the sign on the door. I tell her I asked SPECIFICALLY about the buffet and that I only made reservations BECAUSE of the buffet. She goes to ask someone and comes back to tell me "sorry, we don't have the buffet today. There must have been some confusion or miscommunication." This was insulting. What confusion could there have been? I called TWICE about the brunch buffet! So they did not offer us anything for "miscommunicating" to me that there was going to be a brunch buffet and all they could offer us was the table I reserved, which really wouldn't have mattered since there was no one in the restaurant at 1:00pm on a weekend. Hmmm, I wonder why it's so empty. We told her that this was very upsetting and that we don't even know if we want to come back. Obviously our business doesn't mean much to them because even while we threatened to leave they did not do ANYTHING to make it right. Because it must be US who got it wrong. We told them we were leaving and we left to eat somewhere else. I don't appreciate being called "confused" because I know these things happen and that's why I asked for clarity TWICE. The only people who are confused are the staff at Las Tablas. Horrible customer service. We are never coming back and will make sure to warn all our friends about them.
