I'd probably give this a 4-star rating, if not for the fact that it's a $500 meal after wine and should have absolutely knocked my socks off in the same way other meals of that caliber have. I went in with high expectations -- in terms of inventiveness, those expectations were met, but in terms of food, there was a great deal of inconsistency. The mushroom dish, the brook trout and the sea bream (for which he ventured away from modern cuisine) were all excellent dishes. The rest was merely overwrought and engineered for engineering sake, often at the cost of flavor. For example, the scallop acting as agedashi tofu was a perfect success in what the chef had sought out to do, specifically that a scallop had been robbed of its texture and flavor and rendered into a non-vegetarian imitation of tofu (though the table-brewed broth was very nice). The yuba, while relatively well-flavored and craftily served, was not up to the standards I would expect for such a meal. Hot potato, cold potato was overwhelmed by truffle in a way that so many chefs feel the need to do with truffle dishes. The venison, let's face it, is basically a game-meat version of a lettuce wrap with just a fancy rack. The first dessert had okay flavors, but most seemed to have been lost in the cubism. The final dessert -- a dark chocolate "pinata" filled with liquid nitrogen frozen pumpkin pie, fluff, and meringues -- was the final in spectacular presentation with too little flavor; not even the dark chocolate shell offered much for the taste buds. The wine pairings were good but not superb.  The ambiance was inappropriate for a culinary experience like no other. We were seated at a very strange table -- over-sized for two to sit across from each other, but not appropriate for two to sit at one corner due to its banquette location. The lighting was over-bright, which was surprising given the entrance and foyer lighting was quite the opposite. Generally speaking, I'm not sure that I would ever consider using the downstairs front dining room as a dining room except for private functions. The service staff was aloof and haughty, and not in the way one would expect for a world class restaurant -- and certainly not in the way one would expect for an innovative restaurant. All in all, my suggestion for a far better meal in Chicago would be L2O for a 10 or 12 course tasting, though I understand they lost their founding chef. If you'd like to see some spectacular presentations along with your meal, maybe take in a chemistry show beforehand.
