Offal is a beautiful thing, especially when served in a setting like the Publican. I find the other reviews of this place to be very interesting, mostly because of how varied the criticism is, and I think that is an important thing for a restaurant in its infancy. I hope they take it to heart, because the Publican is a really unique space with an excellent offering of menu items. I like Publican for 4 stars (with an asterisk). Food: I think we accidentally ordered everything on the menu (party of 8...ordering process got a little carried away, more on this in "Service" section). The portions are very generous, every dish we had was the size of a standard entree at an Applebees type restaurant (please take that reference with a grain of salt)...in other words, I would not agree with reviews claiming portions to be small. Every single item on the table (veal heart, sweetbreads, ham, oysters, skate, potee, fish fry, pork belly, rutabaga, chicken, bread, pickles..ya there was a lot of food) was delicious, with the exception of the country ribs which were dry and not very interesting. My favorites and what I would consider a must try if on the menu: pork belly, sweetbreads, and veal heart. The preparation of the meats in each of these was excellent, and I felt the accoutrements were very well matched (farro and pickled cherry for the heart, squash for the sweetbreads, artichokes and tomatoes for the belly). Service: The service caused the loss of the 1 star (with an asterix). Our waiter made me sort of angry, because he insisted that the food HAD to be shared family style, even though everyone had sort of indicated that they were planning to pair up to share a dish or two, and that we would need at least 2 dishes per person...he later recanted that statement after we each ordered 2 dishes and he told us we had ordered too much. Inconsistent...and sort of arrogant. It worked out in the end because we got to try everything, but it did wind up being way more expensive as a result of his recommendations/orders. With that said, the waiters who served us at the bar were friendly, knowledgeable about the beer, and menu, and actually set us up with some discounts on the wine. So in summation, not sure what crawled up our waiter's butt, but on the whole, service is very professional. Beer: The bottled beer is pretty overpriced (at least the American crafts), I can see the Belgian bottles being worth it just because of you may not be able to find them elsewhere. The draft beers, and the wine is where its at. I had a smoked stout which was very good with the meat items on the table, and reasonably priced. My fiancee had an excellent white wine, and another few of our party had a malbec which they really liked. Ambiance: Easily the best designed restaurant I have been in, it fits my style perfectly, and the pictures of the enormous pigs on the wall are a surprisingly subtle touch. The bathrooms (namely the sinks) are also really cool...but try not to spend too much time in there...people may get the wrong idea. My fiancee really loved the decor, the long tables, mixed flatware, ornate silverware, long old fashioned bar and textured walls. In summation, way cool.
