The very second I got back to my hotel room I wanted to review this place. But I practiced restraint and thought better of it and knew it would be best to think this through. Alinea is a 3 star Michelin rated restaurant and worthy of it's praise and plethora of 5 star reviews. Buuuuut, I write reviews for me and this is about me and I write reviews for two reasons. Number 1, to support places I really believe in (see Toto review) and 2. To give the MANY readers of my reviews a fair snapshot of what to expect. With this being said, if you love steak and baked potatoes and do not consider yourself an adventurous eater do not even think of dining here. If the thought of pigeon parts and flaming tree branches brought to your table make you cringe do yourself a favor and make a reservation at Ruth Chris instead. This place is a culinary adventure full of twists and turns which will challenge your taste buds. 27 interesting and "what the hec is that" courses placed in front of you that made me feel like I was back in school and studied each complex flavor and trying to figure out which ingredients are in each dish. Actually "dish" isn't accurate, each course is just a mere taste. But trust me, that's what you want here. The dining room is easily the quietest I have ever been in. I felt like I was in a library during finals weeks. Usually I equate a quiet dining room with a stuffy or intimate setting. This was a mix of the two, I did not feel at all uncomfortable and found it be a nice experience. Other reviews describe this place is being innovative and groundbreaking. It might be here, but the food preparation reminded me a place back in UK which the name escapes me at the moment. Was it the Fat Duck? Big Duck? Awkward Duck? I am pretty sure it had Duck in there somewhere. In the end I can honestly say this place is a 5 star restaurant but I am not giving it five stars even though it deserves it. My main reason for not doing this is fearing that I send someone here who comes away disappointed. Bubbles has a sophisticated palate and would absolutely love it. My friend who lives up the street in a house with no furniture and empty pizza boxes on the kitchen counter not so much.
