I came here to add another chicken joint to my list since this place has garnered some positive reviews, so I braved the hellacious parking in the area. The service was very nice and friendly, set up is small, clean and communal, but perfectly fine if you are not super intimidated by strangers. The spot seems mostly set up for take out at any rate. They have coolers full of a wide variety of drinks for you to purchase as well. Alright enough of that, onto the chicken. Crisp uses two sizes of chicken here. For those ordering whole or half chickens here, they use small frying chickens, for those ordering wings they use the super large variety. I sampled the plain, seoul sassy, and korean bbq varieties (hey I take this seriously). The chicken is cooked very well, nice and crisp but not overdone, they do not come out very oily (which is a good sign since food only absorbs frying oil if the oil is not hot enough or if the food has run out of moisture) the oil used is very neutral. The plain chicken is subtly spiced and has a nice light coating and crunch, I can't really place the spice, but it definitly has a korean twist to it, even plain. The thighs here are cut into two pieces and the breasts are on the small side as well, so it makes for a very different eating experience than your standared fried chicken cuts. I do suppose the small piece size aids in reducing cooking times and avoiding burning or undercooking when different sized pieces are cooked together. The plain, reheats quite well, possible due to to its relatively light battering. If you order the "wings" here, you get the whole wing, all together, instead of just drumettes and flats. The larger wings are cooked very well and are gargantuan, and a very good value for the price, whereass half/whole chickens are priced a bit steep considering the size. The Seoul Sassy was my favorite sauce, its nice a sweet, with some nice flavor, the sauce is golden (reminiscent of glaze) and comes with some green onion bits as garnish. The Korean BBW is a fiery red, it is also sweet, has a nice hot kick (somewhere between a medium an hot) and comes sprinkled with sesame for looks. I have not sampled thier take on buffalo sauce yet, by I suspect I will sooner or later. Impressively neither of the sauces ruin the crispness of the wings (at least when fresh), which is quite important with the crisp style of the wing. Other observions. Had the mushrooms, they were good and plentiful, but not really exceptional, the breading is dense and sticks to the mushroom itself, which is nice. Ordered a side of rice. The rice is of the very sticky variety like Japenese sushi rice. Very good. I'm intrigued by the beef bulgogi on the menu (I love bulgogi), I'll be back to try that. All in all I give the place 5 stars for selection, sauce, and quality of the cooked chicken, specifically the wings. If it was the whole chicken alone, then maybe 4 stars, but this place excels at the small details; packaging, service and selection all factor in to making this a 5 star chicken joint.
