I really loved Big Jones! Everything about it was beyond my expectations after reading some of the less than kind reviews here. My husband and I along with a couple of friends went in Saturday night for dinner. We did have a reservation and were escorted to our table right away. I was a bit hesitant as the host sat us in the backroom(very small, but cozy)but was put at ease when our server greeted us and asked "how did you guys manage to get seated in the VIP room?" I quickly got over my slight claustrophobia and settled in nicely. We had many questions, as we were not familiar with 'Southern Coastal' cuisine and our server was not only knowledgeable, but extremely patient and kind, as we took up a lot of his time. We were told of several specials that ran out his mouth like he'd been saying them for years, & without even a peek at a special card. We started out with some specialty cocktails. All were good(took a little long) but a bit on the stingy side for the price. On his recommendation, we ordered the pulled pork grit cakes and the potato & herb fritters for appetizers. Both were absolutely delicious and set our stomachs up for much anticipation. For our mains we ordered three of the specials. Soft shell crab w/ corn bread stuffing, pork chop w/ spicy mashed potatoes and okra and seared scallops w/ ratatouille and asparagus. My husband had the braised pork hock. We asked for wine recommendations and were sold on our servers advice. Prosecco for me and my girlfriend and a delicious red wine blend for our husbands. All of the entrees were incredible and were paired beautifully with our libations. Although we had no intention of sharing, we simply had to because we felt guilty not allowing each other to experience such heavenly treats. We finished the evening off with a rich & dense red velvet cake which was perfectly executed. To say WOW about Big Jones would be a great understatement. This little Andersonville star is not to be missed! And by far, the best server in all of Andersonville. We will be back and we will be sitting in Danny's section. We loved it!
