As with most sushi places in Chicago, this place is super mediocre with awful service.  I don't know how it happened, but Japanese places in Chicago have become these weird fine dining, night club, BYOB experiences. I have no idea why or how I get roped into patronizing this place again and again, but it's usually for someone who's not so concerned about the authenticity of the cuisine, or it's for a big group for a birthday or some other large gathering. I've had similarly sub-par experiences in other Chicago sushi joints like Bluefin and Wabi.  Often times I'm taken here by someone who is genuinely interested in eating sushi and who thinks this place is going to bowl me over.  First off, the bad....  No matter when you come to Coast, if you have no made reservations, expect to wait upwards of an hour or more. If you have the patience to wait that long, your waiting will take place in a small front area with limited seating and no bar.  The constant influx of people and their brown bags of wine into the overcrowded gets a little tiresome especially when all you want to do is eat something. Also, don't forget to pick up your booze before you head to Coast as it's BYOB, which blows my mind. What kind of self respecting Japanese restaurant doesn't have a sake and shochu menu? And, to make matters worse, everyone in here brings in bottles of red wine!  Sushi, sashimi, and most Japanese casual cuisine is meant to be drank with sake and beer.  Don't believe me? Head into a sushi place in Tokyo or Osaka and try to get yourself some red wine to pair with your raw fish.  It's great how Bucktown/Lincoln Park diners try to fancy up food that was originally meant to be eaten WITH YOUR HANDS. Anway.. once you finish your interminable wait, you are taken through the perpetually packed maze of tables where you will likely sit for an extended period while you wait for someone to come and go over a list of specials that you have already read off the board behind the sushi bar.  In my last visit there with a group of 9, it took 40 minutes before we even ordered appetizers and it wasn't until we had FINISHED our appetizers that we started ordering our main dishes.  Needless to say our orders came to us missing things, or with extra pieces of stuff that no one had ordered. Not to mention the miso soups which came in regular and spicy varieties were ordered and served to us entirely as spicy misos, much to the dismay of some of our spice non-lovers.  One of the things I had ordered, which I really enjoy having at the end of my meal, was an ame ebi. For the unfamiliar, ame ebi is sweet shrimp with the body served cold and raw and the head deep fried. It's a pretty common thing to prepare and its almost always served at the end of the meal. When mine didn't arrive until after some desert had already been served I was told that they were "still defrosting the shrimp heads for you" and that they'd be "right out".  Ummm... I really didn't care to hear that. I know that sushi in Chicago isn't exactly coming straight out of the ocean, but please don't tell me its being defrosted!!  Kind of a bummer. Well, after that scathing review of service and wait times you wouldn't think there would be pluses, but there are believe it or not!! I really enjoy some of their dishes, especially the hamachi carpaccio. I have had this dish at several other places around the country, most notably at Nobu (where it's just called yellowtail and jalapeno), and I will say the Coast version stacks up pretty well against the others.  Some other great pieces of sashimi were the white tuna, surf clam. The squid was a little too fishy for my taste and a little chewy, and I like squid in most cases, but they never seem to nail it here.  I've had the tekka don (tuna on rice) and it was pretty good although the metal bowl the serve it in is kind of wacky and after a while hard to eat out of using chopsticks, even if you're pretty adept at eating with chopsticks. It's a weird fashion over function thing that I can't get into. The spicy miso is really good here as well. I always mean to try the oyako or niku soups here, but wind up sticking pretty close to the standards I get every time. The large sashimi dinner and a few extra pieces is usually enough for me.  It comes with the miso soup and it's moderately priced for okay sushi in Chicago. Some of the other appetizers like the wasabi shumai (pork dumplings with some wasabi thrown in for good measure), gyoza, and beef & asparagus are pretty good too.  I'd recommend the Coast crab roll, the volcano roll, and the scallops as well.  I've had worse and I've had better. Just be prepared for long waits, crowded and loud dining rooms and not-so-attentive staff. and don't forget to BYOB!!!
