I had a really fantastic evening here last night with a girlfriend. We walked in without a reservation, so we had to wait a few minutes, and with the manager's apologies were seated at the table closest to the restroom. In my eyes, not a big deal, as we were lucky to be seated at all with all of the hustle and bustle around us. Our server was prompt, answered all of my new-to-Ethiopian friend's questions, and made some stellar recommendations for the meat courses. Onto the food! Drinks: Tej for me, beer for my friend, both very good. I find tej wonderfully refreshing and a perfect balance to Ethiopian food. Appetizer: Chicken sambussa. Beautifully seasoned, not at all greasy. Main: veggie/meat messob. It was difficult to choose because my friend and I have such different tastes (she loves lamb but I don't eat it, I like spicy but she can't handle it), so we had to make some compromises. We ordered the veg/meat messob, with the following dishes: ye-shimbra assa (25), shiro (27), tikle gomen (30), ye-beg alicha (33), doro alicha wot (40), and michetabish (44). I really enjoyed all of the veggie dishes, and am seriously considering going back to try beyanetu, which is a sampling of every vegetarian option. I just love the seasonings and preparation. I can't speak for the ye-beg alicha, as it's lamb, but my friend devoured it quite happily. The doro alicha wot was tasty but nothing to write home about, and we both agreed that the michetabish was the best meat dish by far. We gobbled it up and ate the injera upon which it was served as well. Such a wonderful array of flavors, delightful really. Dessert: Ethiopian-style tiramisu. An excellent portion for two people to share after a very filling meal. Light, fluffy, and not at all soggy the way lesser tiramisu can become. Our waitress was great, as was the manager, who came over to check on us as we ordered dessert. About 20 minutes after we paid our bill, he came back to us to ask if he could relocate us to another table, because there was a party of 10 coming in. We were happy to get up, and told him we were considering heading out anyway, but he offered us another round of drinks to thank us for moving. So we accepted, and he came back with our drinks quite promptly, making some nice conversation before setting up for the large party. All in all, a delightful evening. 4.5 stars for the food (which will probably be a 5 when I don't have to compromise on what I order) and 4.5 stars for the service (only because I had to wait a long time for my water to be refilled), with a bump up to 5 for the manager.
