I was at a tattoo removal doctors office with my new girlfriend and wondered where we'd be able to eat after I got my old girlfriends name taken off the small of my back. The doctor was kind enough to recommend Nuevo Leon, which has an excellent reputation here on yelp as well. We were only a few blocks away, so after the XXXL band aid was placed on my back we headed out and down the street. You cannot miss this place on 18th street. There is always a street vendor right outside the door. So due to the location, public transit is easy...18th street Pink line is just 2 blocks up 18th street. But if you take a car, they have a free parking lot just down the block, though I didn't use it, I noticed it walking back to the car after the meal. The menu is a great example of great mexican dishes. Aperitivos (Appertizers) consist of cooked and fresh items. Bedidas (Beverages) do not however include alcohol.....it is BYOB. An A La Carta section gives some great choices, but there are also Pescado Y Camarones (Fish & Shrimp), Almuerzo (Breakfast), Antojitos Mexicanos (meaning little mexican cravings) and is where you'll get the greatest varity of food in one dish PLUS the greatest cost savings....Finish off the menu with Tostadas, Tacos, and Postres(Desserts) and you have a great little menu. Prices for entrees range from as low as $5 for a veggie burrito to $13.50 for skirt steak so dirt cheap prices. My girlfriend....Ouch....careful with the back honey.........became of like minds by ordering the same thing on the menu us which was off the Antojitos Mexicanos (meaning little mexican cravings) section and was the "Combinacion"....you don't want me to actually translate that one do you?!?! This dish allows you to try several items at once and only for $6....We got 1 beef taco, 1 bean tostada topped with cheese, lettuce, tomato, guacamole (yea) and sour cream, 1 tamale, and 1 cheese enchilada.  But hold on....I got ahead of myself. When you sit down you get water, chips and salas, and 1 Tostada which if you just sat down and ate this, you'd be half way through a meal. This is included in our $6 per entree price, so this is a real value. I ordered sweet tea as I rarely see this on menus in the Midwest and me being from the South I miss it terribly. They serve it with a lime, which is interested and actually good. The tea isn't quite souther tea, but good nonetheless. The dishes were delivered and I ate everything off the plate...it was very good. Total bill was $14 for 2 people....insanely cheap no matter where you go...you couldn't buy this stuff and make at home for less.  If you are seeking great mexican at an even better price and BYOB, this is a must try on your list of places to try. It is a solid 4 stars for all the right reasons. If you need the tattoo removal name just let me know...............*wink*
