If you're a fan of paying $200 a night for rooms that are the size of a shoebox that are barely even big enough to house a queen sized bed (a room so tiny you think that THEY MUST have made some kind of mistake as your first impression upon walking in), invasive and extremely unflattering fluorescent lighting that shines downwards right over the bed and into your eyes straight just as if you were getting interrogated about where you were the night of August 8th, 2010, loud knocking from maids starting at 7 am and complete disregard for what a Do Not Disturb sign actually means, then you will LOVE this place. ME, not so much! There would be better noise proofing if I had set up a cardboard box underneath a freeway overpass and I'd probably have been more comfortable too. Speaking of cardboard, that's what their sheets felt like... scratchy and cheap. Wow! I'm giving this place some awards I tell ya! Home of the noisiest a/c that can't make up it's mind about whether it's going to blow cold or hot air so it alternates between the two and the shallowest sink I've ever seen in my life with absolutely zero counter space. Don't even start me on the water pressure or lack thereof in the shower and the toilets that don't flush, even considering they are supposed to be green. Oh that's right, this place is supposed to be "eco-friendly"! So when you have to take twice as long in the shower to wash the soap away because no water comes out of the faucet and you're flushing the toilets at least three times instead of only once, how exactly is that saving any more water? Just curious. It's apparent this hotel is only trying to be "eco" so that they can save money on their end. Also Yelpers please take note, internet is slow as hell here, there is no bathtub, no mini-bar, and no reason that I could ever justify spending this kind of money (close to $200) to stay in a Holiday Inn/Motel 6 using an "eco chic" marketing angle in attempts to pass themselves off as a 4 star hotel. I hightailed it out of there after the first night and I made sure I picked a gas guzzling cab, cranked the a/c, and put all the windows down just to even my carbon footprint score a bit. I should have immediately gone to buy some aerosol hairspray and deodorant and left the lights and TV on 24/7 at my next hotel the whole rest of my vacation in order to make up for all the hardships I had to put up with after staying at that place. Hahaha! Seriously though, good riddance to Hotel Felix! As mentioned in the other reviews, the cool doorman was the best thing about this place but he's way too good for this craphole!
