This place has an above top notch salad bar and amazing deserts. For this reason alone, they deserve 2 stars instead of just one. But if you are paying for the full meal then you probably are going for the meat. They explain at the beginning of the meal that there is no menu of meats (unlike Fogo de Chao which does give you a menu so you have an idea of what to expect), instead you are given a cardboard chip and when put on the green side they would continually bring you "different" meats of which you can choose how well done you want the cut to be. At least that is how it works in theory. In reality, we where placed in a dead zone. The people bringing out the meat would start at the front of the restaurant and get close to the half way point before turning back to cook it up more. Then they would go to the back of the restaurant (instead of picking up where they left off) and then again work towards the center. But we where placed in the center so there was an over half hour period in which we where offered sausages three times in a row since they where turned down by enough other tables when working front to back to reach the center. Other meat options came close enough that the smell was strong enough to almost taste them but as if an exercise in providing dinner hell they would then turn back to the kitchen before offering it to us. This all became a major embarrassment for me since I was the one that recommended Texas de Brazil to the group and arranged the reservation. I clearly had talked up the location more than reality to live up to. Once we let the waitress know about the dead zone issue, she was really nice about requesting are choice of meats we would like brought direct to our table. However, answering the question of what meats we would like was difficult given they provide no menu based on the flawed assumption that a choice select of a variety of meats would be presented right at our table. Ultimately, this place was way over-priced for what it actually provides. If you are looking to be offered sausages, you are better off going to Hot Doug's or going to Maxwell street to get a polish. These provide a slightly better sausage for a much better price than Texas de Brazil offers. If you do not want to risk being put into a sausage-only dead zone then go to Fogo de Chao. Also, if you are with a group you need to impress and can't afford the possibility of being put into a sausage-only dead zone, then again go to Fogo de Chao. Bottom line, go to Texas de Brazil when you are looking to only order the salad to get quality that matches the price. At least with the self-service salad bar the lack of consistent service is not an issue. When ordering the full mean, you can't always expect the service to live up to the price tag. It is best to avoid this place if you don't want to feel ripped off at the end of the day.
