It had been well over a year since my last Dance with the Anteprima, Last time it was a close friend and I, this time it was for a first date... I know right, who dates anymore, well I was lucky enough to find myself on a date and where better then Antiprima when your date likes Italian? ( I do too of-course) We kicked off our date across the street with a piece of cake at A Taste Of Heaven, it was our first date so we thought we would break the ice-in a more casual atmosphere, plus I always like my dessert up-front and I am slowly starting a cult of dessert first followers! I regress Enter Antiprima, we decided we would do many courses split them all and make sure they were awash in a wonderful wine... After choosing the direction of our courses we chose a bottle of Pino Noir to compliment all the strong flavors Kellerei Cantina Terlan 2007, it was buttery and wonderful and we both loved it until the very last drop disappeared... Our first course was a creamy chanterelle mushroom, leak, shallot, pasta preparation, I get weak in the knees for all things shallot and this did not disappoint! The mushrooms were strong and every other flavor followed behind like good little soldiers, it was divine! Number 2 was the lobster ravioli with a sweet corn butter foundation, it was solid, maybe a little too Al dente for me, and perhaps a little less punch then I would have expected, but It did follow the flavor explosion of chanterelle and Pino Noir, It was solid no matter how you cut it! Our third course was the show stopper! Lamb chops, we were both chatty and having a great time-however-once we each found interaction with the Lamb chops all conversation ceased and we got lost in the heaven that was Lamb a la Anteprima... We did make room for coos and hmmms and all types of primal food related comments of lust and ecstasy... Our unexpected 4th course; the waiter approaches the table, I am filleting every last moment of meat from the bone in front of me... "Lets do it all over again" he half laughs and then I say no I'm not kidding do it up again, we rewind and repeat! Laugh it away for us acting like a couple of fat kids, I used to be a 44" waist and 260 LBs, and at this moment I embraced that former eating stamina and went for a second round of Lamb chops perched upon pickled carrots and beats I believe it was... I explained to the table next to us we still had some wonderful Pinot left in the bottle and it was just perfect for the Lamb so why not do it again, they laughed and considered some chops for themselves... Our final hoorah was the fresh peach and puff pastry delight! It was perfect, not too sweet! It danced on my tongue, it was just melting away, putting smiles on both of our faces-for sure! ( I almost backed up the proverbial truck once again for more fresh peach and pastry divinity alas I did not) This was a wonderful dinner by all accounts! My only complaint would be the lobster ravioli, but I don't think it really is a compliant more then a personal preference, I wanted more sweet-corn in my butter and more give in my ravioli but thats just me, anyway you cut it; not enough to take away a star!
