...life is made up of a few monumental moments...and celebrating your girlfriend's birthday is definitely one of them. I wanted to find something unique, world class quality, intimate...but not stuffy or sterile. We have done most of the top tier (Sunda, Japonais, Topolobampo, etc...) Hmmm...Schwa? They wouldnt answer their phone...EVER (I called at least 20 times).  Bonsoiree's name kept popping up...and I actually found a reservation on Open Table for a Friday night. I grabbed a nice bottle of Montrachet...a cab...jumped in a cab and embarked on our culinary adventure. Their attention to detail was amazing. They customized a 7 course "Pescatarian" menu for my girlfried that had her screaming like a 10 year old at a Jonas Brothers concert. They started us off with a frozen grape and bathed it in warm, spiced cider. The different temperatures, herbs, spices and ingredients literally exploded on my palette. Each course was equally imaginative and perfectly crafted....with a subtle sense of humor. The menu is new American...so it has French and Asian influences....and the Chef is Asian (french trained)...so you will find little surprises (wasabi or foi gras) from his roots. Did I mention you eat with beautiful stainless steel chopsticks? There was a course entirely consisting of different ways to serve pumpkin...and I was amazed that he found so many different ways to challenge you...and delight you. Escargot, Gnocchi with pancetta...even down to our dessert that was crafted from egg whites and mango to mimic a fried egg (the yolk even cracked and oozed like a real juevo)...our jaws were in a constant state of "oh my god". In summary...Bonsoiree was a treat from every possible perspective. The atmosphere was intimate (10-12 tables)...it was charming and warm (albeit a bit spartan in decor)...which is actually welcome in today's overdone, sterile hip place of the moment vibe. The food was as good as you will find...and the service was attentive without them hovering.  Oh yeah...you + BYOB = SWEET but remember to bring ample supply (since our Montrachet was corked...and I was very glad to have a substitute). Cheers...
