With all of the restaurants and shopping located on the Magnificent Mile, it can be easy for a restaurant to get lost in the shuffle. Ever since it's opening, the Purple Pig has surely stirred up quite a craze! Vienna and I definitely knew that we had to check it out! Seriously, who can't love a restaurant where PORK is the main feature! Complete with an outdoor patio, Purple Pig has a very rustic and friendly feel. They have a large table located on one side of the room to accommodate large parties or the table can be used as community seating. You never know who you could be sitting next to. If you have a chance, try to jockey yourself near the kitchen. Watching chefs doing their thing is always amazing! Be sure to look around the restaurant to check out all of the decor! Random pigs and memorable quotes are scattered all throughout the restaurant.  On to the important stuff... here's what we ordered. Roasted Bone Marrow with Herbs - Growing up Filipino has taught us to love bone marrow! In scouting the restaurant prior to our first visit, we knew that the roasted bone marrow was an absolute must! The marrow is roasted to perfection and is served with bread, greens, onion, capers and salt. Put all of those together and you have a wonderful spread! This makes a perfect appetizer! Milk Braised Pork Shoulder with Mashed Potatoes - One of our favorite dishes! The milk does a wonderful job breaking down the connective tissues and rendering a wonderfully moist, tender and scrumptious pork shoulder. The mashed potatoes have the perfect texture and taste. It along with the gravy compliment the pork shoulder perfectly.  Chicken Thigh Kebabs, Fried Smashed Potatoes and Tzatziki - For being named The Purple Pig, I would never have expected the chicken thigh kebabs to be so delicious! The chicken was cooked to absolute perfection and was beautifully tender, moist and juicy. The herbs and spices were wonderfully combined and integrated in to the dish. This is definitely one of our staple dishes at Purple Pig! Pig's Ear with Pickled Crispy Kale - Purple Pig gets bonus points in our book for utilizing the entire pig! With this restaurant located on Michigan Ave., a lot of patrons probably wonder why in the world they would serve pig ears! Well the obvious reason is because it is absolutely DELICIOUS! Each individual ingredient was well prepared, but when you put them together into one perfect bite, you have a wonderful combinations of flavors and textures! If you're feeling just the slightest bit adventurous, go for the Pig's Ear! Turkey Leg Confit - Turkey leg cooked in duck fat? How could this possibly be a bad idea? No it wasn't Thanksgiving dinner and no we weren't walking around an amusement park! As we were sitting contemplating what we should order an epiphany struck us as one of the chefs walked by with a humungous turkey leg. Thank you for being able to sit at the chef's seating.  Make sure you make this unique restaurant a stop during any visit to Chicago. It's tasty and affordable! #hellaYUMMS
