Three of my favorite words in the English language: meat, meat, meat. You'll find all three at Chicago Q! Yes folks, get your meat here, with a side of old fashioned southern hospitality. There's no way you can leave this place hungry (well, maybe if you're a vegetarian). And for being the classy, "upscale" BBQ joint that it is, your wallet won't be hit as hard as you might think. I mean, the place isn't cheap, but the prices are totally reasonable, especially for a Gold Coast, sit-down, cloth napkin (which may actually be a towel) type place. Some things you might want to start with: pickles & chips. Those are gratis, and they continue to flow as long as you can eat them. The pickles are good and chips are freaking awesome, but don't fall into the trap of eating too much of them. Save room for meat! I also suggest: corn bread, fried green tomatoes, hushpuppies. They're all good and come in a big, sharable portion. The meat is good, and comes in heaping helpings. I won't say this is the best BBQ I've had, but it's definitely good. On my most recent visit I got the BBQ flight, which is technically an appetizer, but I don't care. It was a meal to me! It comes with small bowls of brisket, pulled chicken and pulled pork. The pork was my favorite, followed by the chicken. The brisket was a bit chewy for me. It also comes with three generous hunks of honey butter cornbread, which as I've already mentioned is good. It's also quite sweet, so be prepared for that. There are four sauces that come out for the table, one "spicy" which I liked but didn't find terribly hot, a mustard sauce, a North (east?) Carolina vinegar-based sauce and a traditional brown sweet sauce. They're all pretty good, so try them yourself and find your favorite. I like the decor. The place has two stories, with the upstairs partially overlooking the downstairs. It has a warm, homey atmosphere, but it's busy and does get loud. The service is good; friendly staff and frequent refills (of water and chips). One closing tip: If you don't want to be mistaken as a member of staff, don't wear a plaid shirt.
