After other entrepreneurs had faltered in their attempts to follow up the success of Goose Island [e.g.: Hopcats on Clybourn - What ever happened to Greg Moehn?]; this brewpub figured it out. Get an expansive location in a burgeoning neighborhood (not one which had yet to 'flip'). It also helps if you have a celebrity co-owner. Piece also was cognitive to cover its ass by offering guest beers on draft. Brewmaster Jonathan Cutler has shown distinctiveness in most of his recipes. I will remember the time he brewed an American-Style Malt Liquor [think "Olde English 800"], and served it in a small brown paper bag. It was better than I expected. However your beer style preferences tilt, there will be a beer here of which you can consume multiple pints. From most indications, this venue will get higher ratings now that the State of Illinois' smoking ban has gone into effect. The penultimate time I was here, it was so crowded (on a Friday night) at 7:30 pm that after 20 minutes of being unable to get close enough to the bar to place an order, I left here for another Bucktown bar for 3 hours. After 10:10 pm, it was more manageable. There are a bunch of television sets tuned to a variety of satellite channels [DirecTV]. I even espied GOL-TV [the bilingual 24-hour soccer channel] on one of them. The venue *used to be* a participant in the 'AHA Pub Discount Program'. It has ceased being such. I keenly recommend telling your waitstaff there that it should reinstate. The pizzas here are good. The 'New Haven'-style pizza is especially satisfying. (Regardless of what you specify for the pizza, try each of the shakers containing additional seasonings which will accompany it. I settled on the grated cheese.) Is Piece a destination in and of itself? Yes. But, if you wind up in the Milwaukee | Damen | North neighborhood for some other establishment, you should stop in here. Transit Options: Another massive incongruity of the CTA is that the #50 Damen bus, which could connect you to a number of beerworthy venues, ceases running at 10:00 pm (northbound) - 11:15 pm (southbound). If I was on the CTA Board, I would have this route running between (at least) the Brown Line "L" station [4700 N.] and the Pink Line's Polk station [800 S., 1730 W.] 24 hours a day. The way out is the Blue Line "L"'s Damen station. The Blue Line is the 'distant cousin' of all the rapid transit lines. It has one connection to the remainder of the system. It is undergoing major track rehabilitation (on a 25-year-old section! - guess who felt she so urgently needed a public works accomplishment on her record before the next election that this was constructed so shabbily?). You might encounter single-track operation. On weekends, you might discover the line has been broken in two, and you will have to take a shuttle bus between the disconnected portions. Unlike the north side main line, there is nowhere else to reroute these trains. The #56 Milwaukee bus runs until 1:40 am. The #72 North bus runs until 1:00 am.
