Be prepared for a lengthy, five minute review, but I only do this for places that I really find which is one-of-a-kind. Therefore, I don't lie when I say that this is my favorite bar in all of the Chicagoland and Northwest Indiana areas. There are so many reasons why this is a great place. To me, it has a mix of personal history, unique experiences and great drinks, with a relaxing and fun ambiance. For those who are up for trying out a bar without knowing anything prior to going there, I suggest you stop reading this review (and others), and head over there to experience it yourself. That's how it was for me, and I couldn't have asked for a better time. Just a few quick recommendations before you go: 1.) Get there early. Preferably before 8:00 - 8:30 on the weekend. Otherwise you'll wait 30 min. - 1 hr, 30 min. to get in. They have limited seating, and allow only enough in as they have seats. They do take your cell number and call you when your table is ready. 2.) If you are in a party of 2 - 4, grab a seat at the bar. You'll get a great show by watching the bartenders make drinks, and will have a good time conversing with them. 3.) 2.) If you're someone who frequents places like McGee's, J. Barleycorn's, Hi Tops or any other Wrigleyville bars to find drinks specials, get sideways drunk and stay out 'til 4am every weekend, don't bother coming here. You won't like it. It's not for you. Now, more on why this place is great. To start it off, Violet Hour is a bit snobbish and selective with their rules for attending their bar. I'm one who is easily annoyed by these types of things, but it's to keep their establishment exclusive while creating a truly distinctive experience. I like the fact that Violet Hour is a bit difficult to find, since there isn't a name or sign on the building. Yes, it's a tad clich to have an unmarked establishment, but unlike other clubs and lounges that try this same approach, it does fit in with the whole Violet Hour experience. On the inside, it's dimly lit and quiet, with heavy, purple curtains covering the walls. The furniture is something out of Alice and Wonderland; dark purple thrones with a high back to them. As I mentioned before, if you grab a seat at the bar, you'll have entertainment to go along with the conversation and drinks. The bartenders look like they stepped out of a Vaudeville or Barbershop Quartet performance, into a time machine and were ready to take your drink orders. Aside from the vests, suspenders and mustaches, they all act a certain way; very mild mannered, polite and gentlemanly. As for the cocktails, the menu has many unique offerings that you'll find both delicious and strange. Their spirit selection is quite limited and precise when it comes to whisky, gin, vodka etc. They tailor each cocktail to a specific spirit, ( i.e., the 'New Carre", which has Death's Door White Whisky in it). Plus, they have an assortment of fresh fruit and berries and various syrups in small vials with eye droppers that they use to make each drink. If you happen to come across a drink with egg white in it, try it. It's better than you'd think. Speaking of eggs, their bacon-whipped deviled eggs are really tasty and make a nice appetizer for two. One downside to the drinks is that they range from $8 - 12 each. However, you're not paying that much for a Grey Goose and cranberry; you're getting a cocktail that you won't find in 98% of the bars in the Midwest. So I didn't mind paying a little more for each drink. Last, for those who are still reading, this place has personal history for J. and I. This was the first place we met up for drinks before our first date. It was a great choice on her part, and one that I will never forget. So we have some ties to this place just from that. We've been back a few times since then with friends who haven't been there before. They always enjoy it just as much as we did back before our first date.
