I'm sitting in my room as I type this, right next to the elevator, which has been going non-stop. Of course, when I came into the room, the fan was on full time, so I didn't realize it until I turned the fan off. $300/night, I get to hear the elevator running all night. Can't switch rooms as they're booked full, and won't be able to move us until tomorrow. Freaking brilliant.The room itself is dated. Average size, but nothing like the other Westins I've stayed at. The lake view is obstructed quite well by another building, so even on the top floor, it's kind of a letdown. Don't get your hopes up.  To top it off, when I checked in, their system was down and the line was 50 deep. Not exactly a pleasant way to start the weekend, and it's seemingly getting steadily worse.I hope to be able to update this review at a later date with something positive, but as for now, this is a rather gut-wrenching experience from a hotel chain I was once quite fond of.EDIT. Got worse. So after my guests arrived and an extremely confusing discussion with the front desk and valet, we were informed that self-park and valet were two completely different things owned by different companies. Which would have been fine, but by the time we learned this, there were cars backed behind us and we had virtually no option but to pay the $57/night valet. Further, I was told I'd get a better room the second night, and after calling to confirm in the morning, was informed that there was no other room available. So, yet another strike against them. We opt to grin and bear it. Finally, get back to the hotel later that night, and decide to shower - when dark brown water with black specks comes out of the spout. After calling the front desk, 30 minutes later an engineer shows up to tell us that they changed a pump and we can go ahead, as things were now "fine". Wonderful, we really wanted to wait until 2 A.M. to brush our teeth.4 star hotel my ass. I'm no longer staying at Westin until they rectify this. $700.+ for a two night stay which was no better than a Super 8? Ridiculous.Forgot one thing - another EDIT - went to the GRILL at Westin for breakfast. Took over 30 minutes to get our breakfast after ordering. That's a long time for $15 French Toast.
