It's Saturday and my wife and I are heading up north to the Studio 22 Student Film Premiere at Northwestern University. One of my nephews, who is majoring in film is heavily involved in several of the short student produced films that will be showing. So Maria and I swing by our oldest daughter's place to pick her and her boyfriend up. We are trying to decide where we should go for dinner before the Studio 22 event. My wife and daughter recommend Icosium Kafe, they both have raved about this place for a while now. I have never been to Icosium, so I say let's go and give it a try. Especially since it is on my Check Please list and I still want to be a Check Please reviewer! We get to Icosium around 4:00 and the place is pretty empty. There were people at one other table in the restaurant. We get seated right away. Our waitress is very friendly. We start with two bowls of the Vegetable soup and two bowls of the Lamb soup. The Vegetable soup was really good. It was thick, tasty and quite flavorful. That is the way I actually like my soups. The Lamb soup on the other hand was watery with no real lamb flavor at all. It was like I was having Water soup. For our main course we ordered three of the Chicago Crepes and one Icosium Crepe. On my Chicago Crepe I got Muenster cheese, avocados, sun dried tomatoes, fresh cilantro, bell peppers, scallions, greens, sun flower seeds, chicken and Merquaz (an Algerian Lamb sausage). That was one delicious crepe. All the ingredients and flavors really played well together. My wife and daughter got the same Chicago Crepe as mine (copycats) except Maria got only chicken, no sausage and my daughter got eggs instead of the meats. They were both also very delicious. My daughter's boyfriend got the Icosium Crepe with Arugula, goat cheese, caramelized onions, fresh tomatoes, roasted garlic and baby spinach. He said it was very good. Of course not knowing him well enough I wasn't comfortable asking to sample his dish (as you all know that I always do) yet, but in time that will change. For desert my wife and I ordered the Crepe Labella to share. My daughter and her boyfriend ordered the Crepe Aziz to share. The Labella came with bananas, Belgian chocolate, toasted almonds and coconuts. Man this crepe was out of this world delicious!!! Maria thought it was just okay, of course she is not a big fan of bananas and coconut in her dishes. I know you are thinking what is wrong with her. The Aziz had fresh strawberries, Kiwis and Nutella. Again I did not get to sample, but again in time, as I mentioned above this will not be a problem. So with four soups, four main course crepes, two desert crepes, drinks (nonalcoholic), tip (for some very friendly service, NOT fast service for a nearly empty restaurant, but friendly service) our bill came to roughly $100 dollars. We definitely recommend Icosium and we will definitely head back when we have a taste for more delicious Mediterranean crepes!
