My friend and I both work on Kinzie street just a few blocks away from each other. One day we decided to go to lunch and decided to hit up a nice spot that we wouldn't normally go to instead of the usual Singha or Potbelly. There are a lot of nice restaurants in River North that we never go to because 1) it's River North and no one hangs out there on purpose, at least not any of our normal friends, 2) it's a crazy stupid douchey scene at night, 3) the restaurants and clubs get really pricey at night. We decided to go to Sunda. The interior of Sunda is beautiful. It looks modern, but at the same time there are a ton of antique-looking Asian pieces that give it an old-world look. Right away we were served some chips. They were kind of like the consistency of shrimp chips, but thankfully didn't have that shrimpy taste that I'm not crazy about. Light and airy, kind of styrofoamy, like they're supposed to be. I don't know why they were pastel colors, but whatever. To drink, my friend got the mango tea and I got the mango soda. They were tasty and presented in a cool way, but $8 a glass? For tea and soda? Our waiter was really friendly and nice and helped us pick out the right amount of food. He also gave us recommendations on what he thought were stand-out dishes and wasn't afraid to answer honestly about things he didn't think were that special. Our waiter told us that the signature sushi is what Chef Rodelio Aglibot is known for. The signature sushi differs from regular sushi in that the rice is pan fried in ghee (clarified butter) and glazed with soy sauce. Then you can have it topped with hand cut spicy tuna and jalapeno, seared American kobe beef tartare, or shrimp tempura with avocado and wasabi. We opted for the spicy tuna. I wasn't sure how this would be, but I was willing to give it a shot. We both thought it was delicious. The rice on the bottom is cooked and so flavorful, then the fresh raw tuna on the top an a slice of fresh jalapeno. I was afraid it was going too be too spicy, but it wasn't, and I'm sensitive to spicy. Great balance and combination. A second recommendation from the waiter was the rock shrimp tempura with glazed walnuts and creamy honey aioli. I found these really addicting, but who doesn't love something fried up and drizzled with mayo and mixed with some glazed walnuts for a nutty crunchy sweet contrast? For an entree we split pancit Canton. This was also a recommendation from the waiter. I liked this dish, but I wanted something more out of it. I don't know if I wanted more salt, like a dash of shoyu, or a little more spice or what, but it was not my favorite of the day. I thought that Sunda had good food, a great ambiance, and good service. It is pricy. We paid about $30 each, and that was just for lunch. I'm sure dinner is a lot more. That said, we did have leftover pancit and tempura. The serving sizes are plentiful and our waiter did mention a lot of people split dishes family-style like we did. We probably could have had a third person at lunch and have ordered the same amount of food, which would have made it more economical. I'd recommend Sunda to anyone who needs to take a client out to a high-end restaurant, someone who wants to impress a date, or someone celebrating a special occasion.
