they make some really great vegetarian deli style sandwiches. not super cheap, but a good portion size to make up for it. lots of other sorts of tasty looking vegetarian stuff on the menu, but, i can't review anything else since i don't live in the area & when i do get over there, i always seem to order the same things - the rueben, and the dogwood. yum! (ironically, i did live in the area for a number of years but never ventured into the place at the time, because at the time, nothing on their sign said anything about being vegetarian. but, i think they've fixed that recently. now, any vegetarians stumbling by can know that they've found their spot). as a long time vegetarian i normally prefer food from a cuisine with a vegetarian tradition (often asian), & usually don't go for the euro food vegged up, or, sorry, white people cooking up bad imitations of international cuisines vegetarian style. but this place is an exception. really tasty food. & you know, it's always heartening to walk into the place packed with so many people out to enjoy some vegetarian grub. & it's actually great food, which not all vegetarian places can claim to serve. i've always found the staff to be nice & friendly. my only complaint was the time that one of the wait staff kept running into this back room to cough, and then running back out to serve, clearly without washing up. i think that was the time that i "returned' my dinner. what can i say? but, i talked to the manager about it. who knows, maybe that guy, if he still works there, was taught how to wash his hands, or to stay home if he can't stop coughing. anyway, really a great vegetarian place. i originally gave this place 5 stars, but after stopping in again recently, decided to downgrade to 3. i ordered one of my usual faves, in which i always ask for one ingredient i don't like to be replaced with another equivalent ingredient. i've always done this, but this time i was told that any such changes (any request for an ingredient change on any menu item) now require something like a $4 additional charge. are you kidding me? ( & for a $10 or $12 order?). what restaurant does that?? obviously, only a restaurant that doesn't want their customers. it was just a carry out order. i cancelled it & left. if i can't get what i want with out some ridiculous, unjustifiable surcharge. no thanks. lame business practice, people. just wanted to stop by there one more time before moving away from the area, but i decided they didn't deserve my business on that particular day. adios, folks. that is ridiculous. maybe they will eventually figure that out.
