Oh this is tough. Let me be clear here: the service, drinks, & ambiance are all 5-stars here. Sadly, we thought the food was more deserving of 3 stars.  We first went to L&E a couple of months back and just tried some drinks. Had a great time, and the food looked really good, so we made a point to go back when we could really enjoy dinner.  We got there last Friday night at 8pm and they told us it would be a 3 hour wait. I said that's fine, we're in this for the long haul. The host/hostess were awesome, gave us their phone number and said to go check out some other bars in the area and check back in from time to time to see what the wait was like. Awesome. You guys rule.  So we went to the Rockinghorse and had some drinks and an appetizer. Then we went to the Whistler and had some awesome cocktails. Then we called L&E and they said we could still kill about 30 mins before heading back over. So we had one more drink then made our way back to L&E.  Once we got back, we ordered drinks from the bar at L& E and they were outstanding. We only had to wait another 20 mins or so before they had a table opened up for us.  Ok, we tried: Olives: Good Meatballs: Good. Not outstanding. Pretzel: Holy shit, WHY was this pretzel SO salty? It was inedible salty. Honestly, consensus was reached between 4 of us. It was WAY too salty. Artisinal cheese selection: standard cheese board here.  Wild boar sloppy joe and beef fat fries: Ok, this was what I was looking forward to the most. The sloppy joe was just "ok"... you couldn't tell it was wild boar, the seasoning wasn't anything special. But the worst part was that the beef fat fries were inedible. Why you may ask? Because once again, they were OVERSALTED like whoah. So. Effing. Salty. You could tell they were delicious underneath all the salt, but you just couldn't get passed it.  Scallops: small, but good. Some sort of pigeon dish: meeeeeehhhhhhhhh..... it was pigeon. Not sure what I was expecting.  We also ended up trying two of their desserts: the gruyere donuts and the cornbread pudding. Cornbread pudding was the only outstanding dish of the night. It was delicious. The cheese donuts were not. So there's the conflict. I really, really like this PLACE. But the food was nothing special. I'll probably try their brunch at some point, but other than that, I'll stick to the drink and L&E.
