I've been wanted to go to Frontera for a really long time. The hype, mostly, but also, Xoco is delicious. So, I finally made it. We arrived at 4:30 on a Saturday to stand outside and hopefully get one of the first tables when they open at 5pm. Well, we were given a 5:40 seat time. They stagger the seating, which makes sense, so people who walked in after they open at 5, I imagine had to wait quite a long time. We waited inside the bar area, which gets crowded, and although a bartender was walking around taking orders and serving drinks, it was rather inefficient. However, the drinks were absolutely delicious. My date had the Sparkling Passion , which was very sweet, but delicious. I got the Summer Margarita, which I don't usually enjoy cucumber in my drinks, but this was refreshing and delicious. We got a table in the bar area, which was a little noisy, but ok nonetheless. We started with guacamole which is creamy with some chunks of avocado and tomato. It was not spicy at all and almost a little sweet. We also got the taquitos de pollo ahumado which were delicious. They were also nicely presented (see photo). The two salsas, green and red are very good as well. The red one has a unique smoky flavor. For an entree I had the Pollo en Escabeche de Chabacano. It was a super mix of flavors, some tangy, some spicy. The chicken was moist and tender. My date had the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano. The dish was also wonderful, very rich though, and chocolately flavored. This dish was large compared to mine, although looking around at others', it seems that the dishes vary greatly in size. For dessert we had the duo de flanes. I was looking forward to the chocolate mint infused one, but was disappointed by its herbal flavor, although my date really liked it, and the raspberries were nice and tart. That one had a creamier texture than the classic vanilla, which was basically just what it says in flavor and texture, classic. In all, I was truly impressed with the food at Frontera, however, I think the hype is a bit much and I would necessarily go to wait at 4:30pm again.
