Ok, had I written this review on my first visit, there would be 5 stars for SURE!! Unfortunately, I did not have a chance and have had a second visit since. I'll tell you about both. First visit: Chris served us lunch on a Sunday afternoon. It was very quiet place. Only a few tables had been sat before us. We sat in the bar area. It was a cool looking 70's atmosphere. Warm Foccacia and Italian bread set on the table at the start of your meal. Packaged Breadsticks in a glass always ready to snack on. Olive oil and parmesan on the table ready to eat. We ordered Chicken Parm, Chicken Vesuvio, and their Sunday special entree- Bracciole. You receive soup and their salad bar with all of these items. The salad bar is not my favorite. A lot of oily, greasy salads. The chicken noodle soup was spectacular, as was the cream of chicken soup which was light for a cream soup. All three entrees were great. Fresh ingredients, succulent chicken, and a great pasta sauce (gravy)! obviously something they have been working on for years. Chris was kind enough to make us some Tiramisu to taste and it was a real treat!! I'm not usually a fan, but it was light and scrumptious! Second visit: We had the same server. Perhaps it was a bad day for him, but the service was lacking. I almost think it was where we were seated. We were in a cramped, table in the center of the restaurant where if you are cutting your food, you could easily elbow the person at the booth next to you. I saw Chris struggle to get to our table. It was like an obstacle course to get to our table from the kitchen and I felt bad for him. They were pretty busy and it almost appeared as if they were under-staffed. Food wasn't quite as good as the first time around. We ordered calamari this time to start off. It was okay. They make it in house and you can tell, but it was not as fresh as I thought it should have been. Perhaps, they over cooked it, but it was not as tender as good, quality calamari should be served. We had the same soups and same food as the last visit, but we all ordered something someone else ordered last time. Salad bar was the same. Soup was very good. Some of my potatoes with the Chicken vesuvio had some black sections that the cook should not have missed. These potatoes should not have been served. I didn't notice it until I went to eat my leftovers the next day. Very disappointing. For $100 for lunch for 4 people, you would think, the quality would be better than that of our second visit. I recommend it to try, but Maggiano's is about the same price and closer to home for us.
