This review is based solely on their Sunday brunch buffet. If you love seafood for brunch, read on... The buffet is made up these sections: Cold seafood, Hot food, Carving station, Omelette and waffle station, Dessert station (displayed inside a room by itself) My favorite is the cold seafood station (of course): oysters, shrimps, crab legs, ceviche, sushi rolls, salad. Wonderful. Only thing was that the oysters were stacked on top of the other so there were bits of shell impurities on the oyster flesh. Hot food station was meh. But then, I wasn't really there to eat their hot food. Selections include bacon, sausages, halibut, green beans, potato au gratin, lobster pasta. Carving station: beef tenderloin and turkey. The beef was medium rare mmmmm. When I went up to the waffle station, there was only one piece of waffle left on the tray. The chef asked if I could wait to get fresh waffles. I had already put the last piece of waffle from the tray onto my plate but I said sure why not. The chef was kind enough to say that he would take my waffle back and he then gave me a plate of waffles fresh from the skillet. The dessert station was inside a small room. For brunch, I'd say that the selection of desserts was ridiculous... in a very good way. Plenty of cakes and pies to fill you up if the rest of the buffet didn't already fill you up. The dessert station also was filled with huge jars of candies: M&Ms packets, candy cane, packets of caramel popcorn, etc. I kid you not. If I had a kid, I'd make him/her stay away from this section. A child on sugar high: not a good idea. But if you love sweets, load yourself up on the dessert and sweets. And then head over to Nordstrom for some shopping while on sugar high. That was what I did. Overall service was good and food was good. However this is not something I would do often because of the price. For $39.99 per person, only soft drinks are included but not coffee or tea. You can get brunch buffets in nearby hotels for a slightly cheaper price that comes with juice, coffee, and tea. But I guess Shaw's brunch buffet comes with oysters etc and the nearby hotels don't have seafood in their brunch buffets. I'd recommend Shaw's brunch buffet for a special occasion.
