Overrated and overpriced was my experience. I just wasn't impressed.  I had read a nice review of this place in the Chicago magazine before I went for a bacherlorette dinner so I was excited to try out the new "it" place. The inital hostess was very nice and showed me to the lounge area that was reserved for us. The seating was a bit awkward but understandable since we had a big party in there.  However, it was a bit rough working with our waitress. I understand it was a busy night but she kept leaving the table before everyone finished ordered. We had to try to catch her attention (which took a lot of effort and girls) to bring her back so everyone could order. We also had to follow-up with her on missing items several times. Next the food and drinks were mediocre. They had fancy names and descriptions with fancy plating and glasses but the actual taste of everything was not impressive. I ordered a drink with citrus vodka and melon and it was weak and very light. The sushi we ordered (split the sunda special roll and the spicy tako roll with one of my girlfriends) was just your typical sushi, nothing special at all, but we paid a very high premium. My GF and I were still hungry after the rolls (we didn't want to be stuffed for a night of drinking but needed some carbs) so we ordered their duck breast steam bao, which was actually really good (think peking duck in a steamed bun) compared to everything else. But the bao didnt taste freshly made either though. And note that it took us many tries before we could get our waitress back so we could order the bao. Other girls tried different items but no one was really impressed. One had the chicken entree, which smelled delicous but it ended up being bland and dry chicken breast (and it took forever for the waitress to bring extra sauce for the chicken.. by the time it came, the chicken got cold). Then there was a big hassle with our check (we had a big group and we tried to keep it simple with mostly cash and then just a few credit cards, which the waitress agreed wouldnt be an issue) but when it came back i was charged an extra 20% gratuity on my card (when they already had included 20% gratuity)!!  I guess the general population that goes (its a very posh place where everyones decked out) might not notice an extra $40 bucks charged on their card but I would granted I was already unhappy with the price I had to pay for mediocre drinks and food. Now that i wrote such an unhappy review, I think i'm going to take away a star (planned on giving it a 2) and leave it with just 1. The decor of this place is impressive - everything's pretty chic, with the crowd decked out for dressing to impressing, but the actual quality of the food and drinks leaves you very disappointed.
