Went to Mercat last night, and any of the early reviews with criticism of staff, their silly headsets, and any other nonsense must be ignored. They have smoothed out the kinks, and there was only one earpiece in evidence, on what I assume was their rail-thin manager.As background, I was in Barcelona with my wife and parents last summer, and we found some amazing places to spend our devalued currency. From the classic Taller de Tapas to a new, fusion joint, Bar Lobo, we tried everything. As a side note, I would not be surprised if the decor in Mercat was inspired by Bar Lobo -- my wife and I both noted some great similarities.That's just the tip of the iceberg. We were four, the magical number where tapas is no longer a wasted effort, and you get to try a wider variety. And what variety -- Jos Garces has maintained a very close relationship with traditional Catalan style and yet pushes the boundaries of those traditions with insightful, inspired plates. We ordered ten or twelve plates to split between the four of us, and only one was a disappointment. The samplings of cured meats from whoever serves as their charcuterie were excellent; the seafood was impeccably prepared, and the seasoning was outstanding on all the dishes. We selected the Black Angus ribeye as our meat course (and I ate a full helping of morcilla just cuz I'm a greedy mug), and it did not disappoint: it was perfectly prepared. Brilliant/standout dishes include: 1) Squid in Its Own Ink, a challenging dish, and when it comes to the table, your jaw will drop, but the flavors and textures are perhaps some of the finest I have ever had the privilege of experiencing and 2) Bacon-Wrapped Dates, which, beyond the fact that the strong flavors are so delicately balanced, comes draped in the most amazing cream sauce imaginable. Note: the beloved classic staple, Patatas Bravas, fails to taste like anything but soft barbecue chips. They are oversalted and under-imagined. If Jos could read this review and know that I love what he does, but wish he made different potatoes, I'd be happy.Our server was enthusiastic, knowledgeable, and personable. I cannot point to any missteps she or the service staff made.So, in all, this really deserves a 4.2 or 4.3, because of its nearly flawless execution on ambiance and food, with no notable bumps in service.
