I was not in a good mood. I had over done it on the Strawberry Fanta and Vodka the night before, I had spent the day doing expense reports and it was raining outside like some sort of dark, dark Scandinavian movie set. Still, a promise is a promise and I was bound and determined to hike up to the much praised Longman &Eagle to meet Auntie Fab and Baby Fab for what was promised to be an extraordinary dining experience... When we arrived at the late late hour of 5:30 it was packed, worse the hostess predicted a 90 minute wait. Experiencing cognizant dissonance as a result of my previous indescretions, I lurched to the bar with my girls and waited for an open place to sit. The Gods were with us and soon, my surly behind was planted and I was perusing a carefully crafted drink list. Small whine here, I know vodka is not cool, its not fashionable, but oh please please have at least one vodka drink for crap folks like me! But I digress, my girls ordered delicious craft beer and I ordered a bourbon drink with ginger beer and bitters that was strong and perfect. Far from the expected 90 minute wait, we were seated in less than an hour in the back room. I love this place, Its rustic and cool and not over done, the server is already making points by being prompt, clear about ordering procedure ( you order everything at once) Stop - I am a sucker for a small plate. I swoon at appetizers. I have rarely in my life experienced such a serious procession of delicious savory, perfectly structured plates. Beef Marrow bones, cooked with a picked red onion jammy goodness and NOT burned bread *swoon* Meatballs with a pesto and red sauce and polenta, braised pork belly was a miracle of layered flavor that frankly blew me away. For dinner I carried on with the small plates and had the pea agnolotti. Auntie Fab had the Tower of soft shell crabs and Baby Fab had the infamous sloppy Joe ( the fries OMG the fries!!!!!)  My only sore spot that whisks away the 5 stars was my agnolotti, it was gummy and oddly flavorless. But desert , a chocolate tart with bourbon tapioca and who knows what else... Good Heavens these folks know how to make a meal an experience.  We shall be back - next time - sweet breads!
