Following our gluttony at Doug's, I had Pizza on my mind - alas my dining companions were stuffed and holding out for dessert. Never one to let the appetites of other stop me from my culinary adventures my plans went on undeterred - a stop at The Art of Pizza was programmed into the GPS and off we went. Arriving toward the middle of lunch hour I was surprised at the lack of cars surrounding the small strip mall, but glad that our wait would be short. Walking into Art's I was instantly struck by the heavy scents of tomato, pepper, and butter in the air - exactly like a pizza joint should smell. Approaching the counter I was...I guess the word is "greeted" but a sullen looking young man who acted as though it was a great inconvenience to tell me which pizzas were available by the slice. Listening to the options I decided on a slice of deep dish Art's Special which was plated and handed to me without further warming and without as much as a smile - $3.25 please. Making my way to the table I must admit the dcor left a lot to be desired - but thankfully the pizza did not. Thick, hefty, and absolutely loaded with fresh toppings the sausage, onion, mushroom and green pepper special had just the right amount of toppings versus cheese, a wonderful buttery and crisp crust, and the best pizza sauce I've tasted in many moons. Starting with a fork and knife then later proceeding to pick the slice up and eat it by hand I was amazed how the crust was able to support the heft yet how delicate it was in the mouth. While the pizza could've stood to be a little warmer, the flavor certainly topped Giordano's or Pizzapapolis (Chicago and Detroit, respectively, and my only previous Chicago-style experiences) and rivaled the famous Lou Malnati's with Butter Crust that I had two days later. Poor service and ambiance would normally knock off two stars but the pizza was so damned good and the single slice option so convenient that I can't complain too much. I'd love to order a full one next time, the sauce was sublime.
