My boyfriend and I enjoyed an incredibly delicious New Year's Eve meal here this past Dec/January. (We're talking a still-can't-stop-dreaming-of-our-meals level of delicious.) Reservations were easy to come by -- even a week in advance of the holiday -- and the front of house was especially accommodating when we changed our reservation party from two to four, then back to two again. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Bear with me as neither Matt nor I can remember the particular names of anything we ordered; Anteprima's menu rotates in and out, so none of the dishes are currently listed on their online menu for me to reference. (Shame on me for procrastinating...) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Drinks: we both ordered off Anteprima's specialty drink menu. His was some orange concoction and very sweet; mine was some form of a gin-based martini and sweet-ish. If that's not a terrible description, I don't know what is, but we were both happy with our selections! - Appetizers: we shared a sweet-potato, apple and endive (?) salad. There could not have been a better start to our meal! The dish was refreshing and full of flavors we continue to obsess over. The salad exceeded expectations, was unlike any combination we've tried before (in an exciting way), and was very light -- so it didn't weigh us down before our main courses arrived. Perfect. - Entrees: I believe both of our dishes were specials at the time. He opted for a pork sausage served atop what looked like cooked mini-peas. The sausage had a diameter similar to that you'd expect of a pork tenderloin and was cut into medallions. It wasn't overly-greasy/fatty tasting, which I appreciated. Paired with a bite of the peas (?), the dish felt complete. While his pork was certainly great, my pepper-crusted seared tuna served over butternut squash was other-worldly. Repeat: OTHER-WORLDLY. (Boyfriend generally doesn't enjoy seafood, but even he can agree the flavor profile was out of bounds!) The tuna could not have been of higher quality, nor seared more perfectly (read: aside from the slightest of cooked outer rings made to trap in that wonderful pepper crusting, it might as well have been raw). The tuna's bedding consisted of chopped butternut squash (sauteed) mixed in with other greenery. I could eat that squash mixture every day it was so delicious -- plus it was refreshing, much like our appetizer. Pair it with that majestic tuna and you've found yourself the perfect dish. I'm in love. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - The restaurant is small and feels smaller yet given how tightly Anteprima crams tables into an already tight space. I quickly forgive this, though, as their food was so delicious I didn't think twice about the setup once we were served. As cost-conscious individuals, Anteprima's price point is bit of an indulgence for us, so we consider it a special-occasion-type spot. That said, we enjoyed ourselves so thoroughly, we often try coming up with reasons to head back on a more regular basis. Without a doubt, we will be back -- much sooner than later.
