I think I'm going to incur the wrath of Naperville (trust me, you DON'T want to incur the wrath of Naperville, but I'm protected by roughly 1,800 miles and the Rockies, so I'm gonna risk it) by giving Frontera Grill 3 stars. Let me give you some background before I begin. I grew up in South San Diego, nearly 4 miles north of the International Border. Even San Diegans would pull the snob card on me. I would call my suburb of Chula Vista "the magical land where Carne Asada grows on trees" while most San Diegans would just call it "Chulajuana" or "Northern Tijuana." So I was raised on Mexcan food - sold in school cafeterias, babysitters made it, friends parents made it, multiple taquerias in every strip mall, etc. So when I went to Frontera Grill with a lively group of Chicago Yelpers, even though Frontera Grill's reputation preceeded it, I was hesitant.  People rave about San Francisco's (my current hometown) Mexican Food, but I am rarely impressed. I didn't think Chicago would be any different. So I went, and the food was very good. Our appetizer sampler included ceviche chips (wonderfully lemon-y), chicken taquitos (meh), quesadillas, and a jicama lime-y pepper-y salad. The Topolo Margarita was refreshing, even in the 10 degree weather, which was unexpected and the perfect hair-of-the-dog ailment to my semi-hangover. I also ordered shrimp quesadilles norteno, which was a stretch for me, since I've had some bad luck with seafood in Chicago. The shrimp was good and chewy, perfectly spiced, and blended well with the jack cheese. My cold chilled Chulajuana heart (and stomach) was sitting quite confidently on a 4 star review at this point. But I didn't write it up. And I hopped on a plane to San Francisco. And on the taxi ride from SFO to my city abode, the reason why I had to downgrade to 3 stars was staring me right in the face. In neon shining glowing lights, right off the 101, in a suburb of San Francisco. There it was, blinking at me - El Torito. The decor, lights, food, atmosphere, wait staff, it's all so "El Torito" with a slight higher-end fusion-y twist. Frontera Grill is good, but in reality, it's a fanced-up hyped El Torito. With significantly higher prices. And no fried ice cream. I'm sorry Ellen M. Please don't beat me up. And please don't call on your SF thug Kristina R to do your dirty work for you either. Regardless, I shall sleep with one Chinky eye open tonight. Or each Chinky eye half open.
