So my g-thang and I have been to Carny a few times now and I must say the ambiance is chill, the food is consistent, beautifully plated, well executed and mucho mucho tasty! On our last visit we had a 9pm reservation and didn't get sat until 10. They obviously didn't know who dey was messin wit! It was saturday night so it was a bit crunk. We hung out at the bar in the dimly lit lounge, had a few overpriced cocktails and watched hoochies do what they do and old men flashin cabbage. The beer selection is very NOT extensive but the dirty martini is friggin grrrreat! My girly orders foofy drinks that she says are yummy. A dj spun down tempo latin beats that made the vibe a bit more chill. The flat screens played a cheaply filmed dvd of the real carnivale celebration. Titty Parade! So an hour later our vibrator goes off and my girl blushes. We're escorted into the dining room and to our table. The room is well lit, has a super high ceiling and is splashed with vibrant colors. We are greeted by a short and snooty guy who resembled Chris Daughtry (he has a heart as cold as ice). The tude needed an adjustment. So we order some of our usual tapas. One of our favorites is the arepa. Its a corn cheese cake topped with mushrooms and drizzled with a goat cheese dressing. Its so flavorful it almost tastes like a meat dish. We also had the ropa vieja. They put some serious love in the braised beef. The mixto pairs three ceviches which includes tuna, barramundi and squid all of which were unique, colorful and refreshing. The artic char was also refreshing with its sweet, sour and salty flavors . Some of the dishes were undesirable and forgettable. One of them was the empenadas which was very dry. Another was the mini white fish tacos which tasted like battered and fried dirt. Desserts are nice. We ordere d the plantain bread pudding but, unfortunately, it was so delectable they decided to take it off the menu. A bag of suck! So we ordered the tres leches which was a little too sweet for me but the ginger ice cream was to cry for. Boo hoo, give me more! This place inspires me to have fun and be more creative with my cooking. The atmosphere is cool and food is well presented, having bold flavors and great textures. Get there!!! But stay away from Mini Daughtry...he has a black heart!
