so i'll be straight with you upfront and tell you that my brother is a sous chef at the Hopleaf, so regardless of how good or bad our experience here could have been, i'm giving this place 5 stars. and since I was visiting from Austin, along with my Mom and sister from Arkansas, he took the night off, and arranged for us to have a prime table and SUPER attentive service. the biggest obstacle of the evening was finding a path to the bathroom, so all the complaints about how busy the bar/restaurant is, how unhelpful the waitstaff was on a busy Friday night, or how super pretentious the beer snobs were, well, i have no experience there. what i DO have experience with is the food.  holy stars, the food. we were joined at our table by the Hopleaf's head chef, the kitchen manager and a former Hopleaf sous chef, (along with my brother, of course) so we were definitely offered the best from the kitchen. the arrangement was that everybody ordered their favorite things and then we would swap plates every few minutes. fries. yes please. in a big bag that i can carry around the city and munch on randomly. oh wait, aioli? i didn't even see that.  HOLY LORD. and i don't even like mayonnaise. this is a must have, of course.  mussels. apparently everybody likes those things. i'm pretty picky about texture, so while i was adventurous and ate 2 or 3, i wouldn't order them on my own, from here or anywhere.  there was some sort of Scottish Egg thing that sounded pretty gross to me, but it came and i was surprised as to how good it actually was. (although anything with sausage or bacon is going to be good, right?) my FAVORITE appetizer (which may be off the menu now, since it's seasonal) was the southern fried quail with the most AMAZING sweet potato hash (of course there was bacon in that stuff) i could have had a giant bowl of sweet potato hash...and some of those fries and been a happy girl for the rest of the evening. (did i mention that i have an affinity for carbs?) we had (first time for me) some amazing rabbit dish (all but my sister, who voiced that eating rabbit was just cruel....as she nibbled away at her venison meat loaf) i think that came with brussel sprouts. i like brussel sprouts, who knew? venison meat loaf. YUM. and i don't even care for meat loaf. scallops (but the boys hogged all of those) and i stole all of the asparagus, my favorite. oh yeah, and my dish, the butternut squash with creamy risotto. SO yummy, warm, and comforting, but HUGE and after eating half of the forest population earlier in the evening, i definitely couldn't finish.... but that's not to say i didn't save room for dessert.  they brought out one of everything, and as we were passing plates around sampling chocolate lava cake and some kind of nutty chocolatey pie thing, i got hung up over these super delicious apple fritters. wow.  fortunately for me, the boys were very much involved with their beer by that point, so i don't know that i actually ever passed the apple fritters around as i should have. i thought about those things for the rest of the weekend. i even hatched a plan to go back to the Hopleaf on Sunday before my flight left and beg/borrow/steal a big bag of fries, a second big bag of apple fritters, and maybe even a bag of sweet potato hash for the trip home. and then i remembered that it wasn't open until 5 and i pouted for a very long time...until i stumbled upon Molly's Cupcakes. but that's another review altogether... overall, you know what's coming. a big, fat, buttery 5 stars drenched in bacon fat from me.  oh yeah, and apparently they serve beer here too...  ;)
