There really isn't much to say about this place that has not already been said on here, so i am not going to drone on about every course in detail. I will say that Alinea was the most mindblowing experience i have ever had involving food.  The attention to detail is immaculate from the food, to the service, to the overall atmosphere. All of the unique little apparati that are used in place of plates and utensils were so cool. Apparently the chef has them made just for him.  Food is quite simply turned on its ear. After a while you feel as if you are becoming numb to surprise, but then dish number 20 comes out and you are, yet again, blown away. There are flavor combinations that you would never imagine would ever go together, but chef knows how to make it work! Case in point: lobster, lychee, ginger and gruyere cheese dipped in tempura and fried onto a vanilla bean?!?! wtf!! This was our second course, mind you, and we were simply perplexed by that fact that we not only thought it tasted good, but that it tasted amazing! It was even more amazing that all of the flavors had their distinct "window" as it moved across the pallet. It was never muddled. I might also add that the smell (vanilla bean), texture and temperature were also perfect. The rest of the dishes followed a similar suit. Never dull, always surprising and always delicious. during the final course, they really pull out the big guns. I won't tell you what it is, but i can tell you that it is the only time i have ever whipped out my camera and taken video of my dessert being made. The service was nothing short of exceptional. You dont really have a waiter, but more a wait staff. There are no bus boys, there is simply a crew of people that know everything about your meal, keeping careful eye on any of your potential needs are desires. One would think that a restaurant of this caliber would have a somewhat stuffy, if not pretentious wait staff, but this was totally not the case. They definitely walked around with an air of "i work at THE SHIT restaurant", but, yet there is something very personable about everyone that waited on us. We knew everyone by name by the end of the experience, and they were able to joke around with you and indulge in mindless small talk, all while staying totally on their game and not skipping a beat. When a glass was empty, it was taken off the table within 10 seconds. When a course was finished, the "dishes" were immediately taken away. Every time a dish was taken away, another course was there in front of you in less than 5 minutes. When you are leaving the restaurant, one of the waiters hails a cab for you. Truly amazing from start to finish. As far as price goes......yeah, its gonna hurt. That said, its totally worth the money. You are not just paying for food, but for an all encompassing experience. I know it sounds like i am exaggerating, but it is just THAT out of this world. Just go. Do it. Get the tour ($225) and the wine pairing (75% of that), and live life to the fullest for 4 hours. If you are going to go, do it right, because, lets face it, you aren't going back any time soon. PS - Black Truffle Explosion is simply orgasmic. I have thought about it every single day for the last week and a half
