A group of 4 went on a Wednesday night around 8pm to have some dinner and drinks. When we arrived, the place was totally packed. No room whatsoever in the bar area. We went to the back to save a spot on the dinner reservation and were told that it would be 30-45 minutes. A little odd for the middle of the week and a small bar/restaurant, but nobigdeal. In reality, it wouldn't have been so bad had I not smelled the frites that they were cooking up in the kitchen. YUM! Luckily for us Hopleaf has a fantastic selection of draught beer on tap. The assortment kept us occupied until we were seated about 35 minutes later. We were taken upstairs to eat our dinner where I think they had the thermostat set at 50 degrees. Our server was attentive and friendly. I got the brisket sandwich on sourdough which was pretty good. There was a vinegar-y mustard sauce on it that in my mind took away from the flavor of the brisket. It came with plenty of meat though and the sourdough was toasted to perfection. Along with the sammy came a side of frites which I had been waiting for ever since I got a whiff of them as I was waiting to be seated. They were thin cut and ohsodelicious. The meal came with a side of garlic aeoli sauce which was uber garlicy, so I didn't care much for it, but my co-diners enjoyed it a bunch. The menu did not have very many things on it that I would ever eat. I have to admit that I settled for the brisket because there wasn't anything else on the menu that I wanted to try. The meals are a little out there so if you are looking for a spin on traditional plates you might enjoy it. I was just looking for a pub burger and they didn't have it here. A little disappointing that when we were done eating they told us that we could stay upstairs for a little while but that if we wanted drinks we would have to go get them ourselves from downstairs. Overall, the one thing that would bring me back here is the expansive beer list, but that's it. I can get good beer a lot of places, so I'll likely pass on a return visit.
