You know, when things are so hyped and something has such a reputation I feel like expectations are never met in reality. However, this is one of those times when the hype was true, the expectations were met and the wait well worth it. For some odd reason it's taken me 2 years to come here from when I first heard about Hot Doug's. I had to come on a Friday or Saturday to get the duck fat fries and the foie gras sausage. I driven past a million times when they were open during the weekday but it just didn't feel right. My fiancee and I had some time to kill, it was a warm day with a few raindrops and we were in the neighborhood, so luckily she mentioned Hot Doug's and it just felt right. The line was, as usual, long and to the alley around the corner. We waited in line for about an hour and the the feeling of anticipation definitely came over us, especially when we actually set foot in HDs. We figured out what we wanted and got to the front where Doug (I presume that's the owner's name, lol) graciously took our order. We got the foie gras and sauternes duck sausage with truffle aioli, foie gras mousse and fleur de sel, the cognac-infused pheasant sausage with chive-dijon goat's butter and duck rillettes and an order of duck fat fries (an order is def big enough for two). The foie gras and duck sausage was one of the tastiest things I have ever had in my entire life. Bar none. I've said this in the past but I thoroughly enjoyed this and could have had two. The foie gras mousse was creamy and a perfect topping for the juicy and delicious encased sausage. The truffle aioli was a great touch and whatever fleur de sel is I know I liked it cuz it was somewhere in the tasty thing. A encased meat like this needs a good bun and the bun HDs used was perfect. The cognac-infused sausage was just as good. Different than the foie gras but so tasty. The chive-dijon butter was perfect and the moist duck rillettes sitting on top of the sausage was a fantastic touch. The duck fat fries were pretty good. You could taste a bit of the duck fat but it wasn't like the fries really stood out from regular fresh cut fries. Very good fries but I was expecting to be blown away. HDs really is like having a four-star meal in an encased meat. The specials are well worth the price. I like the fact that they have regular dogs that you can fry, grill, steam or char along with different kinds of sausages (andoille, thuringer, etc), corn dogs, a veggie dog, etc. There are so many specials that change each week along with the celebrity sausage (named after a celebrity of course) and the game sausage of the week (today was yak sausage with bacon-garlic aioli). I'm already planning my next trip - I'll not have a problem waiting in line again.
