Yea, they got Rice mutha F*cka, Rice!!! So when the Wu Tang Clan are in Chicago, not only do they eat in the upstairs dining room of Lao Sze Chuan, but after closing they kick it with the owner Tony ( called Fat Tony, cause he's really skinny) Hu at his favorite disco in Schaumburg. Yes you know you're "in" when you get the invite join Fat Tony at a disco in Schaumburg as I have. I've not been yet, but I'm sure that it's the only cool joint in Schaumburg. Any way, back to my review. One of the reasons why Chicago is such a provincial back water of a major city is because unlike New York, San Fran, or Nola, before my man Tony Hu arrived on this desolate scene, you couldn't even get real Chinese here. Yes Chicago, Egg Foo Young and Chop Suey are not Chinese Mutha F*ckas! What my man, Fat Tony be cook'n up is "the really real". I'm talking Szechwan Soul Food!!!! How do you know it's real? Well first by the heaps of fresh spicy heat used. Yes bland Midwest taste buds gooooo else ware! Second, real Chinese People are in there, straight grubbing down on Duck Bone Soup, Beef Tendon with Sour Pickle, Twice-Cooked Spicy Pork Intestine, Pig Ear Szechuan Style, Stir-Fried Beef Maw, House Special Dry Chili Duck Tongue, Sea-Cucumber or Jelly Fish Home Style. O.K. I'm not that adventurous, but my point is, this food is the real deal. Personally, my favorite is the Famous Dungeoness Empire Lobster with fresh red chili, garlic and ground pork. I get this every time, yo! Yea this place is the really real, all the way down to the "matre d" who looks like he's from central casting of major villains from Bruce Lee movies. But instead of gold, he rocks jade bracelets and pinky ring, a diamond ear ring, Gazelles, and a cool vest that might even be bullet proof! But warning yuppie and older hipster Americans, don't bring your brats here! Chinese children are super well behaved. But pale faced brats running around restaurants are NOT considered cute, but in fact are an insult to The House of Lao Sze Chuan and an offense to The Shaolin Temple and Bobbie Digital. Also the staff will laugh at you if you order shrimp fried rice. And No they don't speak English like the Americanized Chines places, but if you get huffy they will ask if you speak Mandarin. And when you say no, they will tell you to shut the hell up because they speak Mandarin, Wu, Cantonese,Yue, Min and English!
