Longman and Eagle, we finally meet!! I came here a couple nights ago, the day it was announced that L&E had earned its Michelin star. I have to say, I can see why they've earned it. First off, score for parking. There is a parking lot across the street! Upon walking in, you are immediately greeted and everyone is super friendly, including the busboys. You sit at the bar, and they have a ton of mixed drinks and great beer on tap, including Sofie, which is now currently my fave. Another score for intro-ing me to my favorite beer (and I'm not much of a beer drinker...). The dining room is small, but looking into the back of the restaurant you'll see there is an extra room. My dining companion and I were seated in the back room after a little while, and the waitress came and greeted us right away. She answered all of questions like she had a clue what was going on, which was awesome. After looking at the menu, we decided on 2 apps and an entre each. We ordered the pork cheek and the marrow bone with onion jam. Both damn tasty. The pork cheek was tender, and the lentils had the right amount of foie gras jus underneath and wasn't overcooked and mushy. Marrow bone is one of my favorite indulgences, and they gave you a hefty amount here. Not sure if I just lucked out, but there actually was too much marrow for my toast. SUPER SCORE!! My friend ordered the pork shank for his dish on recommendation from the waitress, and man was it a large chunk of meat. I didn't get a chance to try it, but he said it was delicious and the meat just fell off the bone. I had the burger. I requested it medium rare and it came out at the perfect temperature. As I started eating it, it was so juicy that I had to wipe my left arm from wrist to elbow twice because of all the juice running down my arm!! (My doggie was my best friend when I got home that night...) Yum, highly recommended (by me and my pup)! The beef fat fries were just ok though, as they were greasy and heavy tasting. Service was really great that night, as the waitstaff was attentive but not overbearing. After our main courses, we were too stuffed to have any dessert. We were informed that there is a new pastry chef there now, and I must say the dessert menu looked intriguing. The roasted chestnut custard with figs and the honey poached quince on pork rind battered French toast is definitely on my radar. I look forward to coming back. We will meet again, Longman and Eagle!!!
