In a desperate situation to secure downtown Chicago hotel room for a recent work conference I was thrilled to land a 'lake view king' accommodation at the Congress Hotel. Due to the late nature of my reservation and the time frame I needed to be in Chicago, I don't think I would have found an alternative to the Congress Hotel even if I had read the Yelp warnings about this place. Let me start by saying that the one star rating is low for the location; located right on Michigan Avenue, across from Grant Park you are in a great spot for sightseeing, shopping and restaurants. That said, the one star rating is much too high for the Congress Hotel itself. Upon pulling up to the hotel we had to dodge a picket line and were essentially verbally assaulted by a rude valet who only said to "immediately unload our car" so he could "get it out of the way". Nice. Check in went smooth and the view from our room was incredible. Unfortunately that view would only be ours until we realized the toilet did not work at all, unless you call flooding the bathroom and room entrance working. Our first call to the front desk to request a move to a new room was met with, "we will send up someone to repair and clean." Repair and clean translated into a guy with a plunger and a woman with a bucket, spray bottle and paper towels. Not acceptable. Our second call, with some stronger language, resulted in a move to a double bed special with a brick wall view. So much for the view. It was in that room that we noticed the cheap furniture which was essentially broken, gouged and dusty. Nice. As far as the food goes, just stay away, the Gazebo restaurant for breakfast at was terrible as was the service. All this for the price of approximately $260 per night...what a deal! It is a shame to see what the current owners have done to this once grand hotel. It is clear that the place must have been a spectacular place to stay back in its day. One can only hope a reputable organization buys this property out of bankruptcy (which I am guessing is in the near future) and really does something outstanding with it.
