As it turns out, Groupon has good taste. I called them the day the Groupon came out (about 10 days ago) to make reservations in order to avoid the Groupon rush and got 5:30 reservations (also had options for 9:30) for tonight. The place is quite small with nearly zero decoration. The kitchen takes up most of the building and there are maybe 10 total tables with a few additional outside. It's BYOB, but I left the champagne at home. Oops. The food came out at a slightly slower pace than I would like, but passable. The plates were all really interesting and complemented their respective dishes, that is, except for the soup that came in a what amounts to a wide coffee mug. We were here for the Saturday 'underground' menu, which must have gone up in price, as it's now 85 for 6 courses (up from 65) instead of the 75 for 7 courses on the usual menu. I made sure to ask for a menu before we left, as the combinations were rather unique. From the looks of it, this is the same for the rest of September. We had: 1. Salad of speciality romano beans and grilled frisee, soft boiled duck egg, kalamata and fig tapenade. The duck egg had some lava salt on and it was delicious. The fig was quite yummy as well and may have been my favorite part of the meal. 2. Hiramasa sous vide with five styles of eggplant. I've never had sous vide (low pressure cooking) before and also haven't had cooked yellow-tail before so not sure how it compares. The texture was strangely mushy but the flavor was excellent. The candied version of the eggplant was definition the best. 3. Kabocha-Marigold Bisque, Ruby Red Trout Rangoon in Duck Skin, Turnid Seed Oil. This was probably the least interesting dish. The rangoon was basically just a piece of fatty duck skin with little trout taste. THe bisque was just a butternut squash soup made with more exotic ingredients. 4. Spare ribs, cocoa smoke, salsify fries, melted leeks and lemongrass. This was the only real main course. It was very rich and the cocoa smoke (though I swear I heard the waiter say green tea smoke) was an interesting presentation. The lemongrass perfectly complemented the ribs. 5. Preserved strawberry in frozen lychee. Pulverized vanilla caramel. Wasn't sure what to think of this one. The vanilla caramel didn't do it for me and the frozen lychee was good but seemed pedestrian for someone who's eaten actual lychee. The perserved strawberry was weirdly salty and didn't complement the rest of the dish. 6. Scallop S'mores. This was very decadent. They apparently whip scallop meat into marshmallow form and add sugar along the way. You can barely taste the scallop because it's so sweet, but it's an interesting idea. The homemade graham cracker they serve it on, along with the dark chocolate mouse really hit the spot though. Yum yum. Unlike the impression I got from other reviews, the waiters were attentive and did not seem to be the cooks themselves. All in all a good dinner and worth the splurge.
