My never-ending brunch jones and my Fantasea coupon led me to select Big Jones for a Sunday brunch with friends. I'm going to tell you a little secret, you can make brunch reservations for Big Jones on Open Table (thank yous in the form of drinks are always appreciated). I arrived late (surprise, surprise) and was greeted with some beignets on the table. I didn't notice them on the menu, so I'll venture to say it was a little lagniappe - very nice touch. They were wonderful, airy, sweet balls of dough, not overly fried or oily like many I've tried. If they made this a menu item, I would've totally ordered a plate for myself. Or, if I had arrived first to brunch I might have eaten the whole plate and denied their existence when the others arrived, despite any telltale powdered sugar evidence. Who knows? Anyway, for my meal I ordered the Cajun Pancakes and a mimosa. When I think cajun, I think spice; I know it's not accurate, but usually in the Midwest that's what you can expect to get. Not true at Big Jones, as the server explained they were crepe-like pancakes served with preserves, powdered sugar and cane syrup. They are a bit thicker than crepes, reminding me of the Palacsinta or Hungarian pancakes I grew up on. Presentation-wise, they were definitely the most boring looking dish on our table, but taste-wise I was quite pleased. I tried a bite of my friend's buckwheat pancakes; while they generously filled out her plate, they really didn't wow me at all. Rather bland, in my opinion. My mimosa was fabulous, a great balance of champagne and what seemed like freshly squeezed OJ, definitely not Tropicana. If I could have afforded it, I would knocked back about 4 more of these. Since I arrived late, I didn't have much of a chance to check out my surroundings. The room is long and narrow, bright with a quaint Southern charm. Our table wasn't my favorite, right by the door and close to a curtain cordoning off the waiting area. As the waiting area filled up, there were a few accidental nudges by waiting customers on the other side. Service was fine; attentive, knowledgeable and cordial, but definitely lacking in enthusiasm.
