After 475 reviews, what can I say that hasn't already been said? Probably not a lot. So here are my tips for a successful experience at Fogo de Chao: - Go only if your job is paying, because then you can go all out and you don't have to worry about what I'm sure was an obscene bill, though probably made less obscene because we came for lunch and not dinner - tip: it's the same menu. - If you're a single lady and wondering where all the hot guys in Chicago are during a Friday lunch hour, I'm here to tell you they're not at a bar. They're at Fogo getting their meat on. Hot guys + meat = win! - If you're with a large group, don't sit in the far corner, as this will decrease your champagne refills and thus consumption by approximately 75%. - I liked our server, except she kept refilling other people's champagne glasses who weren't even drinking it and wasn't refilling mine and I WAS drinking it. Don't stand between me and my bubbles, lady. - They really need one of those red/green circles for booze. Mine would have been GREEN. - The salad bar is no joke. Load up on salad and veggies, but do not eat them all at once. I will come back to this. - Do not attempt to run out with the bowl of bacon on the salad bar, even though you will want to. Act like a lady. - You will be overwhelmed by all the meat coming at you. Don't be. It's a good thing. - For the love of god, get the filet mignon. It will literally melt in your mouth and you will look back on that moment fondly for weeks to come. - The bacon wrapped filet mignon is also a gift from heaven, but takes 2nd place for me. - I did not enjoy the bacon wrapped chicken as much as I thought I would. - The sausage is good for one bite and that's it. - You will lose track of the rest of the meat you ate, but that's okay. - The mashed potatoes are good, but do not waste time on carbs. - Those little rolls are also good and somehow not filling at all. - If you are like me and have dramatically cut back your red meat consumption and fear what a trip to Fogo de Chao will do to your digestive system, here's my tip: upon returning from the salad bar, eat a small portion of salad. Then, for every two bites of meat you must eat one to two bites of veggies. Your digestive system will thank you, and you will thank yourself later for your brilliant idea. - If the thought of dessert makes you want to vomit, get it anyway. The creme brulee is the perfect way to end your meal and prepare your body for the nap it will be taking later. - Eat a bite of the chocolate molten cake and not one bite more. - When you get home, immediately wash the meat glow from your face. You will feel a thousand times better. - When laying on your couch in a meat coma, do not laugh at your friend who kindly asks you out to dinner. It is not nice and your friend may not appreciate it. - You will likely not be hungry again for 24+ hours, so don't plan on any other meals before then. Now go forth and eat meat. And make me proud.
