My wife and I had some errands to run on the north side of the city of Chicago today. So where should we go for lunch?? We decide on 90 Miles Cuban Cafe on 3101 North Clybourn. Now we have never been to this tiny little restaurant right on the corner. But we have heard many good things. Maria and I decide to order food to eat at the restaurant and food to take home for later with the kids. We ordered 2 Cubano sandwiches (ham, roast pork, swiss cheese, pickles & mustard on French bread) at $6.95 each. The Cubano was a good average sandwich. Nothing truly to write home about. Three Bistec sandwiches (steak, romaine lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, shoestring potatoes & chimichurri sauce) at $6.95 each. The steak was seasoned very well. Of course we did think it was weird to have shoestring (just like from a Jays can) potatoes on the sandwich! Three orders of Ropa Vieja, my true Cuban favorite sandwich (shredded beef, peppers & onions long-cooked in Creole sauce) for $6.95 each. This was a good sandwich, Maria thought a bit heavy on the peppers though. One order of Tostones (green plantains) at 5 for $3.50 each. And we will say they definitely needed salt. Which should have been sprinkled on as they came out of the cooker and were nice and fresh and hot. We also thought this for the Tostones and the Mariquitas we received too. No salt which hurt the true taste and flavor of the items. Three orders of the Croquetas (mix of ham and chicken) at 4 for $4.50 each. These were really GOOD! Two Beef Empanadas and two Ropa Vieja Empanadas at $2.50 each. Another very good item, a bit greasy though. Two Pastelito (Guava and cheese) and One Pastelito (Carne) for $1.95 each. Also two bread Puddings at $2.50 each. Finally one Coke for a dollar and one Mango Tropical Shake for $3.50 each. Overall with a total bill of roughly $108 dollars. We thought the food was good. The service was friendly. Have we had better, yes I think Senor Pan was MUCH BETTER! And much cheaper too. And also being a Cuban family, it was close to home made food but still not quite there yet. Sorry about that 90 Miles, you were nice to try though.
