foie-ly pops foilli pops foielli pops Is that how you spell it? Who knows because they are not on the menu, allegedly not always available; except for when the moon and the stars are aligned just right... These wonderful little gems are nearly unexplainable; I will do my best; creamy, light, complex, simply delightful!!! A Foie Gras moose on a lollipop stick rolled in strawberry pop rocks! One of the best flavor texture experiences I have ever had.... Foie Gras 7 stars! I have debated whether or not to even review GE because I find it ego driven and unfortunate that GEB himself is a vocal critic of the masses writing about his food, as if the only people that should write or speak of his food are professionals or something, then I remembered I am a foodie and even if he is shortsighted and old-school he still puts out a darn good food experience so I will not throw out the proverbial baby with the bath-water (like he has).... moving on... There were 4 of us my good friend Miss M and her amazing parents! Luckily we are all foodies and all like to share, so we all ordered different things then passed the flavor and excitement around... After the goosey goodness we moved on to 4 appetizers Sweet breads Kung Pao A lil crisp on the outside, a lil chewy on the inside and huge on flavor! Just genius! Sweet Breads 5 stars! For the first course I really believe this was everyone's favorite... Well wait there was sweet corn bisque brought with only one spoon, by the time we saw our server again to get more spoons-lets just say it had all disappeared. I did not try the bisque, I am told it was amazing... I did not want to share a spoon, I don't know why ... White Tuna sashimi... I must say of all the small plates this one was mayhaps the least moving... The tuna was good but not exciting, one of my favorite sashimi and sushi proteins is Escolar/Super white tuna, I have had it all over the country in so many preparations, I am hard to impress on this front... It was good though for sure! Tuna 4 stars! Our final small plate was a main Lobster corn dog, really quite good! Fancy this a little underwhelming, don't get me wrong, I liked it, I guess deep-fried is not my lobster preference; I don't know what I was expecting?  The best lobster I have ever eaten was still crawling off my plate (long story)... If I want Lobster fair-food style I will go for a Lobsta roll off the side of the road in Maine... Lobster 4 stars! Main courses A wonderfully executed duck dish, having just had my favorite duck the day before, I was extra critical, and you know what? GE delivered, juicy not fatty, flavorful and not overcooked! Duck 5 starts! Pan seared scallops again a home run! Not an out of the park home-run, but really freaking good! It has become increasingly hard to get 5 stars out of me because to do so it must be in my opinion as good as it gets! My favorite scallop is served up raw in a roll named for an amazing rock band. I have been told it is in poor taste to mention other restaurant names while reviewing a restaurant, so lets just say when eating the aforementioned maki roll "Nothing Else Matters"... GE Scallops 4 and 1/2 stars! OK wow! yeah! that! good! more please! again! and again! My favorite dish was a tie! Two dishes that I could keep coming back to over and over again... The deconstructed gyro and the pork loin... Both worthy of 5 stars! Gyro, lets just say roasted watermelon! I didn't understand either, hey why do I have to understand something that tastes so amazing! I just can not fathom a gyro ever surpassing this one... The same goes for the pork loin this was my curve ball order not exotic at all in any way! I thought to my self; this is going to be out of this world and it was, holy life changing pork experience batman! This review is already wordy and windy, I purposely removed details of every ingredient in every preparation, and as the menu is always changing... Guess what? It doesn't matter anyway... This all just proves that GE puts out a rock star flavor and texture experience no matter what he is cooking! Oh but I am not done yet! All of this food was nibbled on while slowly sipping a wonderful Pimm's preparation from the mixologist. This was the best Pimm's preparation I have ever delivered upon my taste buds... Drink 5 stars! We ended this gastric excursion with a deep chocolate cake and goats ice milk preparation that was truly divine! Dessert 4 and 1/2 stars! GEB wake up! Without everyone talking about your food no one would be eating it! So whether they are talking about it at a cocktail party or online, just be happy they are talking about it chill out and enjoy the ride! HUGZ!!!
