In my four years as a member of Yelp!, I've written a grand total of two - count 'em, TWO - restaurant reviews. As much as I consider myself a foodie, I'm just not big on writing about food. And even though I've had the pleasure of "collecting" over 20 Michelin stars from dining standards like Wolfgang Puck's Spago to bucket-list restaurants like Thomas Keller's The French Laundry and Per Se over the past few years, I've never really felt compelled to write a review about any of them. Then I dined at Alinea, Grant Achatz's Michelin three-starred restaurant in Chicago at the forefront of American molecular gastronomy. FOOD: First things first: at Alinea, unlike the aforementioned The French Laundry and Per Se, food is as much about spectacle as it is about taste. The plating and presentation of the dishes here were by far the most creative I've ever experienced. A few were gimmicky (e.g. four pieces of seafood entangled in seaweed atop a giant piece of driftwood), but most were functional - and all were extremely fun, especially the green apple balloon and the "cracked" white chocolate egg. Now if you're worried that Chef Achatz is all style and no substance - as I was - let me reassure you: some of his dishes were among the best I've ever eaten. The aforementioned "four pieces of seafood" were the best bites of crab, lobster, and clam I've ever had, the corn dish was out of this world, and you can't go wrong with two of Chef Achatz's signature dishes: "Hot Potato, Cold Potato" and "Black Truffle Explosion." My sister and I also went to town on the final dessert, the "cracked" white chocolate egg that covered the entire table, and finished the entire thing, which was no easy feat considering it was the 19th and final course - and also the largest. SERVICE: Like any Michelin-starred restaurant, the service here is top-notch - dishes always arrived with razor-like synchronicity, every course was explained thoroughly, crumbs were always brushed away, and my wine glass was never left empty. If I have one complaint, it's that I felt the service here was a bit more relaxed than what I've experienced at Thomas Keller's restaurants or at Joel Robuchon's three Tokyo establishments. The servers were always professional, but they had a more casual attitude than what I'm used to at restaurants of this caliber. Some people don't like the "stuffy" atmosphere of fine dining restaurants, but if I'm gonna pay an arm and a leg for a meal fit for a king, I don't mind being treated like one. AMBIANCE: Other than the darkened entrance hall with its neon outlines and grassy walkway, I was not particularly impressed by the decor of the restaurant - it's mainly black and white with accent lighting in various shades of neon. But I think that's kind of the point. Each of the food presentations here is like its own work of art, so the restaurant itself is like the blank canvas upon which these works of art are presented. Nowhere was this more obvious than during the "cracked" white chocolate egg dessert course, which utilized the entire table - covered with a latex tablecloth, of course - as a canvas. I will say, though, that the noise level in the restaurant was a bit on the louder end, which again created a more casual atmosphere than what I'm used to at Michelin-starred restaurants. VERDICT: I'm not an easily impressed diner, and I don't like writing food reviews. But Alinea surpassed all of my expectations and then some, and my dining experience here prompted me to do the unthinkable: to write a review on Yelp!. And that's just it - you don't just have dinner at Alinea; you have a DINING EXPERIENCE. One that I will never forget.
