File this one under my not-yet-created list: "Places to brunch on the weekdays because I hate to wait for brunch." One dad in town required one PTO day, which subsequently required brunch someplace. Cuz, face it, I'm not one to wait for my eggs and coffee, ya hear? Not this chick. And if I have a day off, I am gonna spend the morning immersed in eggy goodness and fat cups of hot coffee. This is usually accompanied by the anger I feel at the other people also imbibing who I presume to be independently wealthy and able to brunch every day with no wait. Fortunate for us, Bongo Room saved us a prime people-watching table right by the front window at which we could imbibe on our overpriced breakfast. Nice work, BR. You're off to a good start. Honestly, though, our breakfast was not overpriced. Everything was plentiful and delicious. Big steaming mugs of coffee took the edge off the rainy, dreary day. My only gripe? If you're charging almost $3 for drip coffee, may I please have some real cream up in this joint? Cuz while the little "leave 'em on the table" mini-cartons are worlds better than powdered coffee mate, I am snotty about coffee and how I drink it. I like my real cream, k? Caffeine-snobbery aside, my breakfast was nothing short of fantastic. I went with the veggie croissant which was smeared with a basily mayo and piled high with fresh veggies and other delightful fillings: sprouts, spinach, 'shrooms, muenster cheese, and one perfectly hard-cooked egg. Survey says? Perfection on a cwasssawn (that is my idea of how you pronounce it in French. Correct me cuz I'm wrong, Ms. Aurore.) Dad had the manly breakfast burrito which was lovely as well. Huge, presented beautifully, and stuffed to the brim with eggs and a little kick of spiciness. Both dishes came with some gorgeously-seasoned red potatoes that had the Irish gal in me shrieking with delight. Service was great as well. Our mugs stayed steaming, and our dirty plates were whisked away promptly. Soooo....the verdict? Great food, BIG coffees, no wait on weekdays. Now, get the real cream and a permanently reserved table for me whenever I feel like the veggie croissant and you can have your fifth star. UPDATE: I was contacted by Bongo Room and they advised me that they will not give me a permanent reservation. Sucks for me. UPDATE PART II: I was kidding about being contacted by Bongo Room.
