At just under 2 months old, Sunda is still very much the new Asian kid on the block, not that you'd ever know it, though. Typically with a new hot spot such as this, your high expectations can often be rerouted by slip-ups, missteps and 'opening night' jitters. Not here... No Sir... Sunda is already an impeccably put together, well-oiled machine. Mother's Day dinner here was sumptuous, stylish, tasty and fun. If you can't tell already, we were impressed. From personal interaction with the fabulous Chef, Rodelio (also a fellow Los Angeleno and prior chef at Koi), to our adorable server Daniel who was both sweet as sugar and smart as a whip, to the food that was as much as a standout as the phenomenal dcor, it's a total package experience. Expect clean, modern lines with Oriental influence... understated elegance, contemporary layout, sleek soft lighting, an amazing art installation of white branches over the sushi bar... Mmmm, perfect... after all, your surroundings should look as good as you do, right? I did have a small issue though feeling that their tables were a tad short. Keeping in mind I'm no LeBron James here, I *should* be able to cross my legs under the table without my knees resting on it's underside. Fortunately, an extra serving of Tozai sake had my mind less focused on seating and more so on dinner... And.Dinner.Was.Great. Absolutely love the menu and it's set up of fantastically flexible ease. Want apps and an entre? Fine. Just small plates? Fine. Sushi only? Fine. A mix of everything? Now you're talking!!! The following dishes come with my absolute highest recommendations (take out your notepads now): + Roasted Duck Hash Salad - The crispy egg MAKES this dish!! + Steamed Soup Dumplings - Comforting, soothing, soupy, savory. + Roasted Duck/Steamed Bao Buns - Sweet little crispy sandwiches from heaven. Not to be missed. + Buddha's Classic Crispy Rice - OMFG! Pan fried and soy glazed rice topped with an option of smatterings (tuna tartare, kobe beef, shrimp). One of the most amazing dishes I've ever had, we even ordered a second round!! Go for the tuna, you won't be disappointed. + Filet Mignon Tobanyaki - Pickled Wasabi? Never had it? You're missing out. It makes this dish utterly impeccable. There were also a few items like the Ultimate Handroll and Lemongrass Beef Lollipops which fell a bit flat for us and the banana fritter dessert didn't wow either. Were they horrible? Absolutely not, just failed to leave a lasting impression, unlike that Crispy Rice. HOLLA! Sunda has already made it's mark... both with the 'trendy' dining out set and my ever-present diet... can't wait to get back in again soon for a yummy little wrestle with each.
