Disclosure: I've been heavily bribed due to attending their epic opening night blow out extravaganza... All in all, a vast improvement of Sal Y Carvao, which I happened to like anyway. I'm really not an "all you can eat" kind of person, because I generally would prefer to spend $30 on a nice steak instead of $50 on all you can eat in quantity. The employees were spectacular. Everyone from the expediters, to the waiter, to the managers came around to chat. Gina--the events coordinator--was very nice and helpful at explaining a lot of things... We asked our waiter if we could get some oysters (they were circulating), and a minute or two later the manager came to say "I hear you're looking for oysters" ... Then they subsequently came out.  They have about 30 full time chefs on staff now, and each of them each day get their assigned skewers and kind of have free will to do with it what they want. So potentially there's a chance for innovation in food that you won't see elsewhere.  The food itself was very good, and in comparison to other Brazilian Steakhouses, probably unbeatable. The meats themselves were OK. The St. Louis style ribs kind of were "ehh" ... I waited in a long line to get some lamb, but he took it away just as I was approaching to throw it on for a few more minutes. Then came some beef, which was good.  I had some encrusted lamb that was above average as well. And some pork. and some sausages. Nothing I had was really below average except for the BBQ ribs. The uber upscale food bar/buffet thing is what really sets this place apart.. they had a lot of great options on it. There was a fondue station that was really great food. The side vegetables were a lot more creative than you'd see anywhere else... My favorite thing in the whole place was probably the pineapples that were lightly roasted in brown sugar/orange juice served with peppercorns. It was an oddly great combination and I kept going back for more. The desserts were kind of "ehh" and definitely not their strong point from what I had. Every time I walked by they had something different out though, so it might have also had to do with what I had. The price point for their very corporate sounding "full experience" is $50. Which is on par with what others are charging, probably potentially a better value even. I had my first Sidecar at Sal Y Carvao, so in an attempt of nostalgia and just to keep the bartender on his toes, I ordered one. Well, attempted to.. The first guy was stumped so he passed it off to another more experienced bartender, but he said he didn't have the cognac that went in it. So he said to come back to that bar in a bit and they'd have it...  I ended up getting a few Ginger and Bourbon. The first tasted completely different than the second.  It could definitely take on the margarita as a popular not too manly drink the way they made it.  Both were a little on the too syrupy side, but for a single drink it was pretty good. Ginger is one of my favorite things in a drink though. They also flew Greg Gauthier, who is a wine maker at two small producing wineries in Napa and Sonoma. Bouchaine and Gauthier Cellars are the two wines.  I really enjoyed the Bouchaine Pinot Noir, and having it poured directly by the wine maker was a nice extra touch they put on for the party. We sat and talked to him for a good half hour, very nice guy....  Outside of him getting the word out about his wines, I believe Zed451 will be his main restaurant serving his wines in Chicago.  Far and away the best part of this place is the interior. It's an amazingly detailed massively huge place inside. The first level is divided into a lounge area and a large seating area. The second level is designed for very large events, and that's also where the roof top bar is. The roof top bar is pretty amazing, I can't think of anywhere else in Chicago that really compares. Their decor budget must have been absurdly huge. (The sliding pocket doors in two of the bathrooms are annoying to lock... or not lock in my case, I just gave up) On the main dining level they have a chef's bar... something I recently sat at in another restaurant, but haven't really seen in Chicago yet. If I go back, I'm definitely dining at the chef's bar! (The people sitting at it for the opening event were over the top annoying though!). This could possibly be the best table in Chicago!  And I know other places have "chefs tables" but that's totally not the same thing. They mysteriously ran out of the gift cards just as I was leaving... Well that's what they said, then someone who walked out just after me ended up getting one? :( Initially they're open for brunch on weekends and dinner only, no lunch. I'd rate this place a 5 star relative to other Brazilian steakhouses... perhaps 4 relative to other restaurants. But if Brazilian or all you can eat is what you're in the mood for, this is the place to try.
