I had the opportunity to eat at this place last month when I vacationed in Chicago. I don't want to give too much away about the food because honestly you are spending the $$$$ on the experience. Its like someone giving away the ending to a movie you haven't seen. First off the setting. The decor is contemporary. Colors there were a mixture of brown, slate and black The Atmosphere was classy and intimate. Lighting was dim and I almost didn't feel like I was in a restaurant but in someone's rich apartment loft. The noise level there was mild and toned down. I was actually quite surprised how peaceful it was considering the restaurant was full. I guess it was because all the tables were spread out into separate rooms. In each room there were only 3 -4 tables and far apart from each other. People were probably on their best behaviors too.  The Service was first class! I felt like a celebrity. Honestly it was like I had my own butler. The gentleman who served us, (don't remember his name, but he had long dark curly hair) was always polite and treated us like kings. He was extremely knowledgeable on every dish. How it was suppose to make you feel, what the food was made of, the history of that food, how to eat it to develop the best savor and what was the inspiration of that dish. It was like watching an artist describe his masterpiece. Some may not like people telling you how to eat your food. But I didn't mind. If you are spending this much $$$$ on your food, don't you want to experience it right to make your moneys worth? You will never use the same utensils twice. When I left to use the restroom, I threw my napkin on the table. I came back to find my napkin folded neatly. When there was a drop of sauce on my table, the waiter came right away to wipe it up for me.  The food was creative and so artistic. You almost don't want to eat it because it looked so beautiful. I didn't even know some was edible. My camera phone was snapping shots all night. The thing here is about quality not quantity. So if you are looking for 20 oz steaks, don't come. The food will tickle your 5 senses; smell,sight,touch,taste,and hearing. If you get the wine pairing like I did. Then make that 6; mind. Yes, I got pretty buzzed after 15-1 oz glasses of wine. Remember this is 19 courses so expect to be there for 3 hours. I don't want to give the description of the food away but its nothing you'll find elsewhere. Very molecular gastronomy I would say. Some food were playful while others were a deconstruction of a classic dish. And does it taste good? Hell Yes! I gave this place 4 stars because I did think it was a little expensive. But if you want that once in a lifetime experience then come to Alinea. It's worth it. Lucky getting a reservation though. generally its a 3 month wait.
