I guess this is what happens when you have high expectations. After reading some of the reviews on here, I thought my group and I would be in for a treat. 2.5 hours of poor service later, a treat was nowhere to be found. Oh, and did I mention everyone's dish came out cold? I booked this place for my brother's birthday and was excited because they seemed more than willing to accommodate our group of 11. Reservations were for 8pm and when we all arrived i went to tell the hosts that we were all here. After a lot of "Let me just check on the table for you", one of the hosts proceeds to tell me that "they didn't know I was coming today". That's funny...I received a phone call from Las Tablas that afternoon confirming my reservation for 8pm and when I saw my name very clearly written on the reservation sheet when I walked in. How did you not know we were coming? He then went on to explain they'd "try really hard" to get us a table....that I reserved...5 days prior. Anyway... FInally, about 30 minutes after our reserved time, we are seated. Everyone's excited to eat and partake in sangria. We all order and end up waiting until after 9:30pm to get our food. Now I know there was a lot ordered and lots of different meats to cook, but an hour after we sat down? I don't know think I have ever waited that long at any restaurant or with any size party. Thankfully the sangria was good, since we ended up ordering 3 extra pitchers to bide our time till the food arrived. So, we're all starving (and a little tipsy from all the sangria on empty stomachs) as the food is finally brought over to the table. My plate was missing the pork belly. Another plate was missing the plantain. And the best part, every single plate had cold food. What the heck? One person had his plate taken back to get reheated (which also turned his steak from medium rare to medium well). A couple of us also mentioned to the waiter that all the food was cold. He just shrugged his shoulders and stared at us. I think at that point, we were all too hungry to argue about it any further. The food didn't necessarily taste bad, but meat really isn't meant to be eaten cold. Regardless, we just ate because we were all so hungry at this point.  Not only was the service awful but the food (which I figured would its saving grace) was cold and nothing was done about it. The waitstaff missed out on getting a great tip from a table of 11 and instead got a mediocre tip from a very disappointed group. Maybe this place is better in smaller groups. but I am wary of going back now with the experience that I had.
