this W hotel is located near navy pier. it is an older building that used to be another hotel. okay, so i'm going to go through the bad before the good. several things were quite strange to me.  1) there is no shower door. so i'm kinda cold while taking a shower   since the heat doesn't stay within the shower. 2) there are no curtains. the windows have a shade on them but   sunlight still gets in...and i believe people could see us if they were   in a building across from us with binoculars. not that great for   watching tv in the afternoon since there is a glare. 3) you can tell they don't dust. yes, the beds are made and the   bathrooms are freshened...but you can tell that the glasses and   other things have a lot of dust on them. 4) there was a spider crawling in my bed. maybe the itchy bite above   my hip is a spider bite. don't know...but it's annoying.. 5) when we needed suggestions, we tried to ask the front desk. they   kept referring us to the concierge. well, the concierge didn't know   about any of the places we were talking about. i suggest that the W   hire someone for the concierge who gives out tips and recs on   where to go instead of giving me a blank look when i'm talking   about some of the hot spots of downtown. DON'T HIRE A   COLLEGE KID who doesn't know enough to be a concierge. just   giving them a computer so that they could search the place doesn't   cut it. i do that myself already... 6) free wifi in the lobby BUT NOT IN THE ROOMS. 7) AND FOR THE BIGGEST GRIPE...   THE ELEVATORS!!!    how can you have 4 elevators for 33 floors? (oh, and one time, 2 of   them were not working..) when there was a wedding reception on   the 33rd floor, it would have been nice to have a designated   elevator going there instead of having guests wait forever to go   up/down. fridays and saturdays...you have to wait a while cuz   people are hanging out at the bar on the 33rd floor...and if there is   also a special event...good luck. the good... 1) customer service is good and responsive. 2) they have some partnership with acura. they have a free chauffeur   service from 12-7:30pm that will take you within 5 miles of the W   hotel. easy booking. 3) great location!! walking distance to navy pier...and also my fav   brunch place: yolk! =) 4) we used points for the 1st 2 nights and got the 4th night free, so   really only paid for ONE full night. sweet!! 5) pretty lobby with trendy furniture. nice bar area with plenty of seating 6) staff is nice and professional. i think the head guy (manager or   something) came up to us while we were sitting at the lobby just to   ask how we were doing...if we needed anything. he gave good   suggestions on where to go, what to do. if you are not a hotel guest and just want to hang out, this is the place for you. plenty of seating, nice bar, free wifi. patio seating outside overlooking the water is cool. then head up to the 33rd floor lounge to chill.
