The heat seekers have met their first real challenge in Chicago. That is right, my boyfriend and I ate the most deliciously, spicy lunch at Lao Sze Chuan last week. We endured all sorts of sweating from every pore of our body and deep breathing that can only be compared to what mothers-to-be do in Lamaze class. Still, we managed to clear our plates and already start planning our next visit. Note: we did order extra spicy, so for the weak, I am sure ordering at normal levels is tolerable. This is the second time eating at Lao Sze Chuan. First time, we enjoyed it, but we were kind of overwhelmed with the intimidating menu and ordered hastily, not reading recommendations before. Earlier this month, I was reminded of the amazingness of Lao Sze Chuan at Taste of Chicago when I had the Chef's Special Dry Chili Chicken. That is when I became obsessed. Seriously, obsessed. Meaning, I thought about it at least twenty times a day and bugged my boyfriend until he finally got sick of the constant harassment and agreed to go with me.  We ventured out to Chinatown where we had what I call "the meal to end all meals." Of course, we ordered the Chef's Special Dry Chili Chicken and it was spectacular. We also ordered the Boiled Beef in Spicy Szechuan Sauce. I hate to admit it, but the boiled beef stole the show, which is obviously a hard feat. I read a couple reviews before hand that raved about the boiled beef, and they also warned readers not to be intimidated by the idea of it being boiled. I am so glad I listened and we gave it a try. This was hands down, the most flavorful, tender, divine beef I have ever tasted. Not to mention, it was sooooo spicy. You could see the spices in the broth and the many different peppers used to give it such a scrumptious, full-bodied flavor. I get very excited just thinking about how flavorful the broth was. With every bite you could taste the delectable spices that perfectly marinated the beef. Each bite was like fireworks of flavor and heat going off in your mouth. I was going to ask for the remaining broth to go, but instead we decided to be gluttons and order more rice so we could eat it on the spot. It was that good that we couldn't even wait to eat it, we had to eat it all right there. In sum, the combination of the Chef's Special Dry Chili Chicken and the Boiled Beef in Spicy Szechuan Sauce made this the meal to end all meals. The heat seekers left Lao Sze Chaun happy, satisfied, and sweaty.  I don't even care what the service is like. The food overshadowed every flaw this place may have. I am contemplating moving to Chinatown just so I can get this place regularly. It is amazing! I never thought I would claim a Chinese restaurant as one of my favorite restaurants I have ever been to, but I cannot deny that Lao Sze Chuan has stolen my heart. There will never be better Chinese food. NEVER! NEVER!!!!!!!
