I can't stop raving about this restaurant! 1. I love Dirk Flannigan's food, I have for years. 2. I thought the decor was fantastic - clean & simple yet clearly a little more upscale than your typical bar or grill type restaurant. 3. Service & the management were great. Last Saturday the plan was to head down to the Art Institute for the Edward Hopper exhibit, however, upon arrival, we realized the line was far too long (and filled with children) so we decided to have an extended lunch at The Gage. My date had previously been and couldn't stop raving about it so I too had to try.  Immediately upon entering I liked the feel of the place - kind of like Hugo's on Rush Street or Quartino with the tile and the heavy, dark wood but newer, a foreign feel and more unique color choices. I liked the big European bar area in the front and I really liked the open kitchen in the back. I was not impressed with the private dining space - particularly because I hate subterranean spaces. We sat down and our large, white male server - reminiscent of the Pillsbury dough boy meets California surfer meets 2nd generation Polish kid from the near north side suburbs - greeted us with a friendly approach just barely too personal. He was a lunch time server, so maybe not as senior as the evening servers OR perhaps he was just a little hung over on this Saturday afternoon and I was also being very friendly so he probably followed suit.   Whatever it was, we ended up liking him. I ordered a giant, fancy beer, my date ordered gin on the rocks along with The Scottish Egg and the delicious french fries and elk dish in a rich, goupy sauce. Everything was yummy and hearty which was great on that particular rainy day.  at one point our busser was about to refill my glass of water just at the same time I was about to put my giant beer in the giant goblet down after taking a sip. Some how, the pitcher that the busser was holding SMASHED into my beer goblet! I was in a brief shock until I found myself soaking wet - beer was all over me. I realized that my hand was holding the beer goblet and I fearfully looked down at my hand - IT WAS SAFE! not a single cut. The server, the management, everyone handled it so well. Immediately got us a new table, a new beverage and they comped our appetizers! The manager came and sat with us, they were fantastic at handling the calamity. Back to the food! I had the salmon, it was a lunch special and it was awesome! I usually don't even like salmon but our nice, over sized server convinced me to order the salmon (after some prodding). My fearless companion ordered the rib eye sandwich, he was disappointed but I just think it was a bad choice on his part. We also had a side of the spaghetti squash with goat cheese which we both enjoyed. We ordered dessert, split one dessert, I cannot remember what it was but I know my date liked it more than I did. I recall they had nice wines by the glass, a great beer list and once again, I loved the open kitchen with the chef expediting. There were so many other things on the menu I wanted to try so I will most certainly be back!!
