My friends really love Caro Mio, but I've always found the food to be just passable. What WAS exceptional was the service - the last time we had a large party at Caro Mio they treated us like royalty (they even let one of my friends leave her bicycle in their store room overnight!) So when my friends chose to have my early birthday dinner here I figured we were in for a fun night.  We had reservations for 16 for 7:30 pm on a Friday night. Caro Mio repeated called my friend who had organized the party to remind her our entire party HAD to be there at 7:30. This was a little annoying, but understandable - our party represented a good chunk of the restaurant that night. It was befuddling, then, that the when we showed up promptly at 7:30 the restaurant staff did not seem ready for us. We had to wait to have our wine opened and then wait for our bread. When the bread did finally arrive we discovered the table didn't have enough bread plates, so we had to wait for more. Then we had to wait to order appetizers. Then we had to wait to order main dishes. By the time the food finally arrived at the table, it was 8:30. I ordered what was essentially an eggplant parmesan roll. It was, again, passable but nothing special.  Once we finished eating and the plates were cleared Caro Mio brought out cupcakes my friend had made for my birthday. She was really upset because she'd put a lot of time into organizing them on a platter (with Happy Birthday letter candles) and Caro Mio split them up and put them randomly on two plates. It totally ruined the presentation she'd worked on and just looked sloppy and thoughtless.  At this point it was 9:30 and Caro Mio staff began repeatedly telling one of the members of my party that we needed to leave because they had a group of 12 to seat and had given them 9 pm reservations. Our party wasn't offered coffee or the opportunity to order additional dessert. We hadn't finished our bottles of wine and would have liked to linger, but we were made to feel so uncomfortable that we paid up and left.  Giving a party of 16 a one and a half hour reservation window is ridiculous, especially when the restaurant themselves couldn't get the entrees on the table until an hour after we were seated. The whole experience put a slightly negative tinge on my birthday celebration and left us all annoyed. I won't be returning to Caro Mio and would encourage others NOT to plan large parties there, especially on weekends.
