The Gage is in my top ten in Chicago. The management is exceptional, actually worked with Terry in 1986 @ Bistro 110, so clearly he has vast experience. Dave has been an executive chef for literal decades, again he has real experience to run the front of the house. The menu is fantastic, the servers right on. Kid-friendly? Not so much, but my 3 year old survived the experience!!Unfortunately, Open Table is not quite fine-tuned! Changed my reservation from 4 to 5 people, never noted. The Gage rocked the discrepancy, we had the best table in the house!!Apparently once upon a time!!To the General Manager!!I thought it was crititcal that I drop you a note after your complete dismissal of me lastnight! Whilst I understand you are incredibly busy, now that you are the General Manager of two restaurants, it could not have occurred to me that you have become more important than the customer. The simple need to speak with you after being cut-off lastnight, might have earned you the judgement to realize that yes we had so imbibed, but we were certainly coherent enough to have one last drink!!It's interesting when placed in the middle of a confrontation, as I was, that to close my eyes after an incredibly hectic day (as most of my days are), it so be determined to be over-served. It is my guilty pleasure to introduce friends and clients to The Gage, it far exceeds my budget or boundaries of leaving my neighborhood. But I do understand that you have to place implicit trust in your host or maybe incredibly inexperienced manager to make judgement calls to so preserve the reputation of The Gage, the establishment.Lastly, whilst our server was brillant, she took $120.00 cash, of which I told her she should take a 20% tip and place the rest on the balance, then apply balance of bill to my friends' credit card. She took all of the cash and charged my friend the full check amount of $215.00, we were both incredibly displeased. I'm a little fuzzy on how and when that is even remotely acceptable when perceived impairment is involved, but will assume might be standard practice?That being said, thanks for the appetizers, you're a gem! However, I would not consider to patronize The Gage again, due to the blatant disprespect that I received from you last night. How unfortunate that you are so saddled that you cannot consider a customer, let alone an old friend!Happy Holidays Big Guy!!M
