I'm out of northern Ca along with a couple of other friends visiting a friend being a former Stocktonian and chosed this place based on the reviews on http://hotels.com and various other sites.. I would give this place a 4-5 star review, if they had their internet working AND that they do not have any technical restrictions using a wired/wireless router based on the MAC address of the device (mainly linksys and netgear, and tried all the tricks such as cloning the Mac address or spoofing it or forcing the router to act as a bridge), and that their staff (or this one tall clerk) was helpful and committing. Unfortunately it wasn't in this case. I'm just pissed that I brought a router for nothing as I'm finding out later that this hotels ISP have restrictions against bringing your own router and sharing the hardline with other computers, and that you can only go wired thru the hardwire connection. So we were going to connect thru the hardwire by plugging and unplugging the ridiculously hard to connect ethernet cable, then all of a sudden it went down too. But still I wanted to use the wireless linkys off the hardwire to use my iPhone 4s facetime capability to FaceTime with my family thru my dads iPhone 4 while out of state.... but didn't.. However, several other desk clerks told me the internet was through ATT, so I think they need to end their relationship with ATT and get another high speed ISP that will not go down, no matter how many tenants and what holiday. However, we can use their "conference" rooms internet wire connection. We'd have to have someone unlock it every now and then. OR there's the business center with 3 computers and its only those computers you can use and not plug in your own, but 1 out of 3 terminals As far as the room (double double queen), it's good enough for our stay. Had cable TV (no premium HBO or anything) and a nice small type of dining area with a loveseat and two chairs, and a small round table.. Bathroom was in good order, and had a 5th floor room with a good view. A couple of desk lamps have an outlet so you can plug in small things to charge like your phone or mp3 player. Speaking of outlets, there's probably more than enough and wasted some luggage space bringing my own power strip. An ironing board, dryer, and iron were all provided and all worked. Everything was clean, and no wrinkles or loose rolls in the rug, housekeeping does come by once in a while, though it's a Vietnamese lady so you're just going to have to point what you want or just say no thank you waving your hand shaking your head. Downstairs there's restaurants and a bar area. The bar area is fine, though we mainly went out to eat than going to the restaurants downstairs. This place is near walking distance of the CTA (red line, cermak/Chinatown). Anyhow, all I can say is don't rely on an internet connection at all if you decide to come here. Just stick with mobile web browsing on your smartphone using your 3/4g network or tether it to your laptop, use a 3/4PCI laptop card, etc. That's this hotels main concern. And we're probably not going to visit Chicago, IL for a while or never. I give this a three, at least its not run down hard like the Chicago Ohare Garden (which we mainly chose at first due to cheap pricing, but the reviews and content we passed; we took a brief tour on our last day, but didn't stay)
