I was so disappointed in Lockdown. I wanted to like it, and it was recommended by a friend who has had great experiences there, but our experience was so bad that we won't be going back. Another thing about me--I've been a server for seven years. It started on Tuesday night, which is billed as half-off burger night. One thing to know is that not all the burgers are half off, only those below $13. So if you're hoping to save some money, but all you want is the Warden, you won't and you should come another day. However, Tuesday is date night, and I was excited to try this place. When we got there, there was a wait. i don't mind waiting myself, but my boyfriend gets impatient. And when people that got there after us get seated first, it get's irritating. We finally got seated inside, where it was so loud, you can't hear the people you're sitting with. I also thought it funny that they spent all this money on big screen tvs, but all they were showing was a poorly put together slideshow about rock'n'roll. Seems a bit of a waste. Our waitress came and took our orders, and we ordered the Warden and the Green Mile. Both were full price. I also asked for a drink menu from her when I saw her walking by with one she picked up off another table. She never came back to get my drink order. I finally flagged her down 20 minutes later, and she was a bit rude about it. However, she brought my beer out pretty quickly after I ordered it, and it was tasty. (The O'Fallan Wheach. Yum) However, because it was so packed, our food took forever. I mean forever. After half an hour, my boyfriend asked the waitress if she had any idea how much longer our food would be. I mean, they were medium-rare hamburgers. Her response was, "Look! It's half off burger night, and every is here trying to get a burger." I really wish I could do a vocal recording, because I cannot convey how rude it was properly just by text. It was seriously the most rude, attitude-filled speech I've ever heard from a server. Our food finally came, and it wasn't hot. My fries were lukewarm, and our burgers were overcooked, but at this point I was so hungry I didn't care to send it back and wait again. Plus, I was afraid of pissing off the server even more. The Warden was the better of the too burgers, and was pretty tasty. So what it comes down to is this: The Lockdown tried to pack in more people than they can handle. There was a full dining room, people outside in front, and ANOTHER patio out back. The kitchen is too small for that. On top of it, the service is slow. And rude. It was probably just that server. And maybe she was having a bad day. But, as I server, I understand being busy, I understand being weeded. It happens. What should never happen, though, is for you to be rude and hostile to your customers. Next time I want a burger, I'll go to the Bad Apple.
