Oh, Piccolo. What to say? Like a beautiful woman with a lackluster personality, you've got all the right looks, minus some pretty crucial goods. Undeniably, the environs of Piccolo Sogno are positively lovely. Warm, glittering, classy, dripping in chandelier lighting... everything date nights and special outings are made of! And then, of course, there's that patio. Mama Mia! One of the best - and sexiest - in the city, this outdoor space is absolutely made for warm nights, long meals, flowing wine and loud Italiano-style conversation. It's secluded and beautiful, yet utterly full of life and energy. Bring on the belly laughs! Should one point and one alone in regards to Piccolo be made, it is this: do not miss the patio. Surely that still leaves curiosity to the effect of service and food, right? Well, I'll tell you this, there is room for improvement in each category. During my two visits to PS, service was slow and a bit monotone both times. Staff here seems to lack the aura of familiarity and warmth that any good Italian restaurant's servers should have. Make me feel like your long lost sister, Lucia, yo! If they could amp up the joviality, the customer's experience would increase tenfold and, hey, it might even help us look past the few shortcomings with our dishes like soggy pizzas and cold entres. Yep, you heard it. While our Ravioli Piccolo Sogno (four cheese ravioli, pine nuts, butter, Marsala glaze, parmesan curls) was positively tasty and everything carb decadence should be, it was pretty much the only dish that was truly well-executed all evening. The much hyped House Antipasti Platter was a snoozefest in tones of prosciutto, parmigiano, olives and cold grilled zucchini. Ho-Hum. Then there was the flavorful, but definitely crust-mushy Mozzarella and Arugula pizza, followed by the whole fish, salt-crusted Branzino that arrived to our table lukewarm at best. I was seriouslythisclose to sending it back, but knowing the cook time of a whole fish (and not wanting to look like a brat in front of my elegant dining companions), I put up and shut up with the obviously ill timed main course. Feh! Dessert won me back in the PS camp as not much can truly compete with a gorgeous Panna Cotta and fresh berries beneath a warm, starry sky. Perfection, indeed. Room for improvement coupled with indisputable patio loveliness equals total indecisiveness. Three stars for Piccolo until they work on... well.... a bit of everything!
