One of my FAVORITE restaurants in Chicago! The crazy thing is, my boyfriend and I do not eat pork. But I read the reviews and looked over the menu before-hand and decided to try it out for its non-pork menu items which I must say are FABULOUS! I will also say it is a very popular restaurant. We ate here on a Monday night and it was seriously crowded. They do not take reservations, so it is probably best to go a little before or after the dinner rush. We happened to get there right smack dab in the middle, but thankfully we only waited for 15-20 minutes until we were given the option of being seated at the bar (which we happily took. . . we were starving!). The bartender was super informative and patient. He made an intimidating wine list and menu seem less daunting. The problem is that everything sounds so delicious it would have been impossible to decide without his help! He knew the menu and wine list like the back of his hand (I just wish I could remember his name for you guys). Really, really great wine! Our menu: 3 cheese sampler (couldn't tell you which 3) Burrata Pugliese, Acorn Squash, Portobello Mushrooms & Balsamic (Unbelievable flavor and texture, sooo good!) Foie Gras & Membrillo (My first foie gras experience: so savory! Membrillo: some sort of home-made jam with real grapes in it! And some seriously good toast to slather it all on.) Octopus with Green Beans, Fingerling Potatoes & Salsa Verde (Do not be afraid. . . One of the best dishes of my life!) Wagyu Sirloin Tip with Fingerling Potatoes, Red Onions, Olives & Bone Marrow Vinaigrette (Rich and satisfying) Lemon Panna Cotta with Pistachio Croccante (I love this dessert! And I don't like lemon desserts. Light, creamy, just enough tart, with a sweet nutty bite from the candied pistachios. . . YUM!) Panino con Nutella (Very, very big. Especially after all that food. A straight forward dessert: what you read is what you get.) My only regret is that I don't live anywhere near Chicago to try the rest of the menu. . .
