It has taken me a full week to calm down about what a horrible experience I had at this restaurant to even consider writing a review. Keep in mind, I have had the pleasure of eating at some of Chicago's greatest restaurants: Alinea, Trotters, Graham Elliot, NOMI, NaHa, Topolobampo, etc. etc. I was expecting similar service and equally excellent food. Imagine my surprise to find: 1) Forgettable courses: Two of the meals in the multi-course tasting option we selected were forgettable at best. I have had better pork belly in suburban, strip-mall eateries. Tru's version was not cooked well, and tasted like it was covered with some Open Pit variety sauce. The salmon was, meh, salmon. It was cooked well, but it was something I feel that I might achieve on a good day in my amateur kitchen. On top of this, the wait staff kept encouraging us to add luxury items to our meal -- for example, an Australian extra-class black winter truffle shaving for $50.00. If the chef that I had been reading so much about wanted the meal to have truffle shaving on top of it, then I presume he would have put it there. I do not need truffle for the sake of having truffle, nor to impress the overdressed couple at the table next to me. I wish the restaurant would have given me what the chef put together and stopped the "up sell" mentality. Tru should not operate under the same mindset as a Chili's, where diners can add shrimp to any fajita for an extra $5.00.  2) Amazingly condescending wait staff: Perhaps if Tru had received a few more Michelin stars, it might have the right to treat customers the way we were treated during our meal.  B*tchy comment aside, here's a taste of what we encountered: one waiter tried to correct my grammar (I was correct, by the way); a different server congratulated me on using a "big word" correctly (the word was "affinity" and it is not a big word); the wait staff left us alone for 45 minutes at the end of our meal after we had requested the bill; and our server actually threw the Tru take-home "goody bag" at us as we were leaving.  3) Boring, dated ambiance and accommodations: The website lauds the art in this space. I found the pieces to be underwhelming given the restaurant's online comments.  4) Cold and potentially dangerous dining room: Beyond the tiresome decor, the threshold between the waiting area/restrooms and the main dining hall is a slip-and-fall disaster waiting to happen. The restaurant keeps a full-time staff member at this doorway to caution patrons about the slippery ramp on the floor. Nonetheless, I am left wondering why this ramp exists in the first place: cords/cables running under the ramp? Uneven floorboards? Who knows. I think money would be better spent fixing the floor instead of hiring a staff member to plant at the doorway. On top of this, the thermostat was set to cold when we first arrived, and consistently adjusted downward as the evening progressed.  I would be remiss if I did not mention some of the highlights of the evening/meal, which included an excellent recommendation from the sommelier, a fantastic lemon curd and chocolate confection, an especially interesting cheese course, a delicious and playful sturgeon "caviar" and avocado concoction, and a really nice glazed veal. However, these bright spots cannot brighten the otherwise joyless experience I had at Tru.
