ok. so. i have no idea how a venue can be given one star for having a -line- just because someone in another city "did it first". hipsters need to go back to art school and re-study the concept of the trap of the pursuit of novelty. not to mention, its a bar. if it has a line, that means it is a successful bar, and won't be closed a week from now. they have X number of seats, and so they let in X number of people, no more. get over it. we went on a saturday night, with FOURTEEN people and were seated immediately, no line. why? cause we didn't show up at 11pm, we went at 7pm. you know, during THE COCKTAIL HOUR. this is not a venue for closing down your evening. this is a venue for starting your evening. go early, leave early. miss the line, miss the wait, enjoy the drinks, then go somewhere cheaper and less interesting once you've got a few in you and can't tell the difference anyway. moving on: everyone complains it is too dark in this venue. on behalf of those of us who are extremely light sensitive, this is the only venue i've ever been in where i actually wasn't in -pain- the entire night because of how freaking bright everything always is. i loved the light levels in this venue. they provide lamps for each table. hold it over your menu, read it, order, then put the thing down and just enjoy your evening. moving on: any venue that has rules like "no bombs, no grey goose, no cosmopolitans, no bud light, no cell phones, no baseball hats, don't bring anyone you wouldn't take to your mother's for sunday dinner" is a venue that i'm likely to be very, very happy in. have i mentioned already what a total snob i am about food and drink? i'm sure i have. clearly they want to ensure this does not turn into a place for wannabe VIP room schmucks who think they're going to "pop krys" or whatever the hell goes on these days. this is a put on your nice clothes, put on your best manners, and be prepared for an evening of sotto voce conversation. any venue that serves drinks with actual foamed egg whites, actual orange pekoe tea, and fresh fruit juices is always going to get my vote for the place to meet for drinks every time. any venue that says "ok, thank you for your order, those will arrive in about 10 or 15 minutes" because they're going to take the time to make them properly instead of the usual bar tender behavior which is to slosh together your drink in the least number of seconds possible because the bar is inevitably under staffed, is always going to get my vote for the place to meet for drinks every time. all cocktails are $11. period. this makes splitting the check in a group much, much easier. for groups of more than 6, they will do a "carafe" at $90 which are quite large -- provided you all can agree on a drink of course. go. go early. dress nicely. turn off your phone for a few hours, let your eyes adjust to the atmosphere, relax, get to where you don't care that time is slipping by, and ENJOY yourself for once.
