Spacca, I wanted to love you more :( The food was good. I had the Bianco Nero pizza (truffle oil, black truffles, mozz cheese and porcini mushrooms) and my husband had Prosciutto e Rucola (arugula, prosciutto, cheese, parm). The crusts were thick and chewy, the rest of the 'za was tossed thin. It was a really nice pizza. Mine lacked a little bit of salt, but that's easily remedied. A little pricey, but pretty good. And the peach iced tea? THE BOMMMMMBBBB Honestly, the service and ambiance was terrible. I think these two things are things I tend to overlook and take for granted when they are good, but when they are bad, omfg. They are bad. Our server was pretty much completely disinterested in us. Apparently there were specials. Really delicious sounding specials. He didn't tell us any of that. We heard about the specials (after we ordered our meals) from the table next to us, who he clearly thought was more of a 'high rolling' table than we were. The service for the rest of the meal was lackluster, he checked in on us once or twice but that was it. The ambiance, oh the ambiance. Jesus Christ. We were originally seated inside, and it was like a fucking echo dome in there. My husband and I had to scream across the table at each other to hear. The amount of screaming (throwing toys, crayons, etc) children was unbelievable. I don't mind kids if they can behave themselves. But for the most part, these kids we behaving like animals and their parents weren't stopping them. We moved to the patio, because it was just too loud inside. I KNOW Spacca Napoli can't control who comes to their restaurant, so I didn't mark them down for their annoying customers. But honestly, it's a reason I wouldn't come back to this location. I feel I'm a pretty easygoing person when it comes to ambiance/service, but when people are being SO LOUD (shrill screams of kids) that thoughts are interrupted constantly, that's kind of annoying to me. I would order Spacca Napoli for takeout, but I would NEVER go back to eat at the location. What a headache.
