We had a mix of things for dinner at Sunda, since there were so many interesting dishes that we couldn't settle on a large entree. The waitress was friendly and accommodating, though the place is so busy, you shouldn't expect your server to be readily available at all times. Decor is very hip. Ambience is youthful and trendy; I'm not, but Sunda made me seem cooler for just a few moments. Lots of young business types standing and drinking at the bar. I was impressed by the diverse crowd (though trending young), since there were different races, a good mix of men and women, and some gay fellas (yay, it must be cooler here than I thought). We had the oxtail potstickers, which taste a lot better than they look (tender braised meat in a thin wrapper, covered with a tasty sauce); the steamed duck bao (which are more like slider-sized sandwiches with bouncy and slightly sweet twists of bao dough encasing the meat); and loompya. The loompya was good, but since I've had a lot of different kinds of this type of dish, it was the least memorable for me. Shanghai style (like they serve here) is my favorite, though, because it's thinly rolled and crispy and great with a dipping sauce. We also got the truffled takaki (the "all of the above" version) sashimi. This consists of thinly sliced pieces of fish wading in a light sauce and covered with various delicate leafy sprigs (watercress and something else I cannot recall). The quality of the sashimi was excellent, with that exquisite transition from firm to buttery texture while you are eating it that blows your mind. The cocktails were fanciful (trendy? imaginative?) but not strong, so I have no excuse for my lack of recall about which girly fruity concoction I picked. I remember that they were flavorful and enjoyable in the way that sunny cocktails whose primary target group are women generally are. Reservations were easy to make, and the restaurant is a decent size. I would love to go back, try some of the things I missed, and be cool for a night just once more.
