I really want to give this place a higher rating. The food was better than places I've given 5 stars to...but the service....I can't reward. Try the Spinach Serrano Ham and Fig Salad. Fantastic. Really. Yum. Maybe the night my husband and I went was just an off night? We actually came for our first anniversary dinner. I LOVE Catalan food. I've lived in Gava Mar, el Masnou and Barcelona and I'm just a big fan of Catalan cuisine. I've been wanting to try Mercat for awhile. My husband made a reservation for our special occasion. Really lame that we were seated with no privacy squished next to another couple. If a guest makes a point of making a reservation, just give them a table. There were tables available. We asked to move after a few minutes because it was so uncomfortable. Still not the best location, but at least we had a window on one side and weren't stuffed between two parties. Whatever, it's about the food. The wine was good. We ordered a lovely bottle of Rioja. The short ribs and scallops that I ordered were pretty good. Half of the short ribs were way too salty though. We ordered about 5 more dishes, but I don't remember anymore. In general, very good. Creative plating. That serrano spinach salad stood out though. If I come back, that'll be part of the reason. It was a nice night overall because it was a special night for us and we were determined to make it so. If I had been with other company though, I think I would have had less patience. The service was horrible. Our waiter was friendly but honestly we never saw him. He took foreverrrrr to take our orders and never came back after that. We had to literally flag him down if we needed something. SUCH slow service. We were done eating for awhile and just talking thinking our waiter would show up with a dessert menu.....but after awhile, again realized we'd have to flag him down. Fine, did it. Literally takes him 10 minutes to reappear with the dessert menus. Yes, about the same time line to take our order..... Well, I really wanted to love this place. Like I said, I love Catalan food...it has a special place in my heart. I wanted this to be a great first anniversary dinner. I'd say we had a great night...but not particularly due to Mercat. They did a decent job pulling their weight with the food...but the service really needs to step up. Too bad. I've been telling everyone about this place...and puffing up amazing Catalan cuisine....but eh, not sure whether I'll bother to spend my money here again. Maybe my calcots craving will kick in when spring arrives. We'll see.
