Longman & Eagle is the type of restaurant that stands out in many ways. Its creative food menu sounds amazing on paper -- and actually backs it up taste-wise. My fiancee and I opted for one order of the "Fight of the Pig" tasting menu (an absolute steal at $45/person) and then supplemented that with a few other dishes. The rundown below: * Amuse: Country pate. Pretty much what most pate tastes like. As a pate fan, I was pleased. * First Course: Grilled sausage. Rich, rustic flavors. It came with an Ephemere Beer Syrup that was absolutely delicious. * Second Course: Roast Loin with bluga lentils. The roast loin was a little on the dry side but still quite good, especially paired with the tasty lentils. * Third Course: Crepniette of Fresh Ham. In case you're wondering what is a crepinette, imagine a big meatball made of pulled pork. Terrific dish -- full of flavor. * Fourth Course: Braised Belly. Very fatty but what do you expect with pork belly? It came with a black caramel sauce which sounds odd but tasted amazing. * Fifth Course: Tet de Cochon. Grounded up and served as a thick patty. Nice crunch on the exterior and porky goodness inside! Excellent dish. * Dish 1: Duck Rillettes ($5). Comes in a little jar and served with crispy pieces of bread. Essentially duck paste -- and I mean that in a good way. * Dish 2: Smoked Sweetbreads ($10). Not as heavily battered as how sweetbreads are typically prepared at other restaurants. It brought out the gaminess of the dish, which I actually enjoyed a lot. * Dish 3: Sunchoke Bisque with Nantucket Bay Scallops ($9). The bisque had a rich flavor, which was accentuated well by the sweetness of the scallops. My fiancee is normally not a soup/bisque fan but she enjoyed this dish a lot. In terms of libations, there's something for everybody, with a definite emphasis on whiskey. I stuck with beers (nice selection of draft and bottled options) but I might be tempted to give one of the whiskey flights a whirl next time. Service is friendly and laidback in that Logan Square kind of way (think tats, piercings and lots of flannel). The ambiance evokes a neighborhood watering hole feel, which is to say very bustling and lively but neither pretentious or douchey. Only minor complaints would be that the wait time can be a bear (we ended up eating at the bar, which turned out to be fine) and parking is difficult in the area if you plan on driving (nearby street parking is enforced by 24-hour zone permits). That being said, Longman & Eagle is definitely worth the trouble and a terrific addition to the Logan Square dining scene.
