i went to geja's the first time last week with friends to use a groupon one had bought. i have always wanted to try geja's as it sounded like a fun experience (fondue!). and an experience, it was.  the ambiance is quite dark and romantic which made me agree that this would be a nice place for a cute little date. but hey, i will not pass a romantic date with my girls either! we arrived early and so we sat at the bar to wait for our last friend to arrive. ordered an affordable bottle of red wine and enjoyed the complimentary cheese and crackers. once our friend arrived, we were seated in a cozy little corner booth. the place is quite crowded with tables making it a bit challenging to get around with my work bags but that's neither here nor there. what to order, what to order?! it was not what i expected as i assumed the meat came cooked and you just dipped it in fun fondue sauces. well that was dead wrong. i ended up ordering the "international" which is beef, chicken and shrimp. the first course came which was a delicious cheese fondue and fruits and breads. this was my favorite! next up was the meat course. all the raw meat and some vegetables arrived to the table and they fired up the fondue pots to cook it all in. we were advised the cooking times for each different meat but i was wishing i had a little timer or something. i don't have a clock in my head so i'm not sure how long it has been especially when i've been having a convo with my girls. hfence, meat was always over or under cooked which made me kinda sad as it looked like amazing quality meat! the sauces were delicious though. last was dessert and who can complain about roasting marshmallows over flaming chocolate?! the dessert course was amazing. all in all, i left the place STUFFED to the brim, smelling like grease and happy having finally experienced geja's. i would like a option where i didn't have to cook my own meat and the price is a bit more than i like to pay for a dinner i have to cook myself but i'm glad i went. i suggest to go at least once in your life to say you have done it and see if you like it.
