If I could give this place 10 stars I would. It's...that...good!! Went here for me and my boyfriend's 3 year anniversary (hint: sign up for their email club and put in your anniversary date. You'll get a buy one get one free coupon!) and we were so glad we did. The hostess was very nice and they have a complimentary coat check. Our reservations were at 7:00 and we were seated right away. Since we had never been there before our waiter, Jake, was nice enough to explan how it worked. Very simply put, start with the salad bar. Then when you are finished with that, flip your chip over to Green and let the meat come to you. When you think you have enough on your plate, turn the chip over to Red and eat away! When you are fully done with the meat....save room for dessert! The salad bar was wonderful! I am kinda a picky eater so I didn't try most things in the bar, but what I did try was delicious (plus I was there more for the meat). The ranch dressing alone for the salad was the best I had ever tasted. The meat...my oh my the meat...it was fabulous! My only complaint would be the filet wrapped in bacon. Yes, it was good, but a tad too much on the salty side for me. They do have these sit in sea salt I believe for optimum flavor so I was warned ahead of time. But each meat was cooked to perfection, hot, and mouth-watering! My favorite was the parmasean pork and leg of lamb. But they had lots of selection and it was so fun to try all the different types. Oh...and the side dishes of bananas with cinnamon and sugar were to die for...wow!!! and the Brazilian cheese bread was out of this world! I need one STAT!! Sometimes you go to places were the food is good but the service was bad. Not here!! The service was amazing! My water glass was never half empty the whole night and the gaunchos were very attentive as was our waiter. He even asked us which items we liked the best and had the gaunchos come over to us...nice touch! Even though there is a lot of people running around, you never feel crowded and rushed. Also, this place has an upscale feeling without the snotty attitude...loved that! Our waiter even put a candle on our Brazilian Cheescake dessert for our anniversary! :-) Just as a note (I know I was trying to find the price per person before we went here) it's $45/person for all you can eat and has $12 valet parking. This place was great and we will be back for sure! Keep it up TB!!
