I have always been a fan of Wishbone and brought guests here when they visit. The food isn't as spectacular as it's sometimes made out to be, but it's typically good and reliable, and the staff is friendly.After my experience today, however, I will NEVER go back to Wishbone again. It was my friend's birthday, and he chose Wishbone for a celebratory lunch. There were seven of us there, and we spent a considerable amount of money on food and drinks, which we could have chosen to spend at any other restaurant in town. But we chose to take our business to Wishbone, so one would think the manager would be appreciative of us and our party. Instead, what happened was that when we pulled out a little birthday cake we'd made for our friend and sang happy birthday, she sent the server over to tell us that if we wanted to bring in our own cake, there would be a $1 per person charge!I have celebrated a lot of birthdays at a lot of restaurants and I have never encountered a policy like this. In fact, what usually happens is the opposite: the staff finds out it's someone's birthday, and they send over plates and silverware for the cake -- and sometimes even a dessert, on the house, for the birthday boy/girl! We don't expect it, but we are always grateful. And you know what happens? We remember the place, and remember what a great experience it was to have a party there, and so we come back again for the next party, refer our friends for their parties, and bring the restaurant more business.But apparently, Wishbone is much more concerned with racking up that extra $7 they would have made from our birthday cake than with continuing to get our business and our sizable tabs for group dinners and parties. I think the worst part about all of this is that the manager couldn't even come over herself to explain the situation and apologize for the policy. Instead, she sent the (very nice and professional!) server over to do her dirty work. That not only disrespects your customers, it shows a general disdain for your staff -- and that is not the kind of place I want to frequent.We did go talk to the manager about it afterwards and found her to be incredibly smug, not particularly friendly, and unwilling to acknowledge that this is a ridiculous policy built on poor customer service. She also did not apologize for not speaking to us herself or for making her server do her dirty work.Well, Wishbone, you didn't get my $7 for the cake, and you won't be getting another dime from me. Satisfied?
