Ahh Tank Noodle - how you have cured what ails me on many a winter night. Seriously, pho is the best cure for a cold. The only problem - potentially having to wait outside in the winter night for a table (the only reason this place doesn't get five stars for me). I always get the #43 pho, it's the one that has minimal fatty and tendon-y bits of meat in it. Not a huge fan of the tendon. But you can get any kind of combination of stuff in your pho you want, a la carte. Be aware though, that most lean cuts of meat you order as extra do come to your table raw, for you to add to your soup yourself and have it be cooked by the delicious broth. One of my dining companions was a little weirded out by the raw meat until I assured her this is how it's normally done. Lots of other things on this extensive extensive menu are also very good. My usual habit is to come here with one other person and order an appetizer, a bowl of pho, and an entree to split. It's just too much food for two people, so you leave happy and stuffed. Here is my best approximation of what I have tried here (of course, the names in the menu are mostly in Vietnamese or go by number, but I hope my descriptions are enough that you could find them if you wished!): - Vietnamese crepe appetizer: it's kind of like an omelette with shrimp and pork mixed in. Then you wrap it up with lettuce, pour on the fish sauce, and munch away. - self wrap grilled beef: a plate of deliciously spiced beef with a big bowl of hot water and a plate of rice paper wraps. It's do it yourself food, dip rice paper, watch it get all soft and delicious, deposit delicious beef and again the fish sauce. - catfish simmered in a clay pot: this is a savory rich little dish. Definitely needs to be eaten with rice, but is very tasty. - simmered pork and shrimp paste sauce: this was SO good. Sounds a little weird, but the shrimp paste just lends a nice saltiness to the dish. Again, it's very rich and you need rice, but it's also served with some delicious carrot and cabbage pickles that provide a nice acid bite to the salt. There's a lot of good stuff here, which is why I love coming back to this place. Don't limit yourself to pho! Bring an eating partner and start trying some of the more adventurous offerings!
