Geja's Cafe was my first fondue experience ever. Once the bar is set here, it's an almost impossible act to follow. My dining experience at Geja's was actually in the summer of 2009, but I'm happy to say I can still remember many fond memories from that night. My friend and I had just come from the Ginza Festival over at the Midwest Buddha Temple and were feeling a bit peckish for some bonafide Lincoln Park cuisine. We'd scouted out some high-end places to eat beforehand and decided Geja's would be the perfect fit to end the day's excursions. We walked down the steps to the lower level entrance (which was simply adorable, adding a hint of exclusivity to the experience). We were greeted right away by the hostess and were asked if we had reservations. Unfortunately we hadn't thought that far ahead, so the wait was going to be about 20 minutes. We stuck it out and sat in the "waiting area" (which was barely big enough to hold 4-5 people). Thankfully we were the only ones there. Eventually we were seated, rather "cozily", in between two other small tables. If anything, my biggest complaint was the size of the restaurant. Unless you get a booth, you'll literally be rubbing elbows with your neighbor -- a little too close for comfort for my taste. Once we were seated, we examined the menu and realized we were going to be dropping some major moola on our meal. Turns out you had to order a 3 course meal in order to get the full experience. The price left both of us a bit shell shocked, but we agreed it would be a nice treat to indulge ourselves this one time. They started us off with the cheese fondue (paired with bread and fruit) and it was simply delicious. Feeling practically satiated, I'd almost forgotten we still had a main course to get through! They soon came over with the pot of oil and "heavy duty" skewers, which intimidated me a little bit. They brought out an enormous platter full of raw beef, chicken and vegetables with 8 dipping sauces. We dove right in, skewering our meat and veggies and ploppin' 'em in the vat of bubbling oil. It was fun fighting over who's skewer was whose and sometimes even losing what you were cooking and have it succumb to the depths! I can see why people say this is a perfect date place. It's great because it *is* so interactive and you can have fun with it. A truly memorable dining experience! Just when we thought we couldn't possibly eat anymore, there was still dessert. Needless to say, we made the room! Absolutely delectable chocolate fondue with fruit, marshmallows and pound cake. I have no idea how we piled it all in, but it was so worth it. We rounded out the meal with a simple cup of coffee and some time to unwind and digest. I could have spent all night there, taking in the warm ambiance and just simply enjoying the moment. We didn't want to leave. I can see why Geja's has been a mainstay in Lincoln Park for so many years. I remember my parents talking about going there 25 years ago and saying how great it was. I'm happy to report not much as changed, from one generation to the next. I can't wait to go back!
