I thoroughly agree with all sentiment to the effect of 'TOTALLY AVOID THIS LOCATION!' The absurd wait here already presents an undue hardship for wearied Chicago travelers--considering there is a substantial number of other locations throughout the city which undoubtedly offer at least the same but probably better food and service without the unbearable, prerequisite limbo.If you need to be convinced, here's a case in point: Arriving in a cab on a weekend night, one first waits in the inevitable gridlock that surrounds this location, at a perimeter of about three or four blocks, for roughly 15 minutes. Upon finally nearing the curb out front, a nebulous horde of patrons emerges into view and is understood, at closer proximity, to be practically barring the front entrance from both inside and out. Having oneself sufficiently waded through the crowd, a random spiky-haired 'hipster' more or less requires one to speak first and do the customary greeting and abruptly state name and party size. With little more than the words "about an hour" and a single outstretched finger, he directs one to the avid counter at his left. After asking innumerable patrons if they are in line here (for they positively entrench said counter), one finally finds a space in which to stand before the indefinitely preoccupied order-takers who rarely linger behind the marble slab. Another unsettled period of waiting ensues, as one poises attempting to draw a modicum of attention from this violent mass. Finally, contact is made and, seconds later, a ticket is delegated to one to be given to an unnamed server at an undesignated time. Another period of waiting ensues, this time with the greatest uncertainty yet, since--misperceiving the indiscriminate reports from a cheap PA system, which is the only means devised--one may mistake another party's summons for that of one's own multiple times (yes, it's quite possible)! One must then continuously, eagerly dodge through the crowd to verify and then battle back to limbo, having only received a smirk and a brusque denial from the aforementioned 'hipster' as consolation. One is finally seated in order to: realize that the pizza is rather delicious, but hardly worth all this commotion and humiliation; become more depersonalized by his or her spectre-of-a-server; remain uncomfortable and rushed via a certain subtle and implicit sadism inherent in his or her surroundings throughout the course of dinner; and, persuasively, leave with a box of leftovers (which will surely be more savored than the actual dining experience), vowing then never to repeat such an experience again, if it can be helped.As you can see, it may be said that I am a very patient person, having taken the time to relive and type out all of this so that others can forego the suffering. (By the same token, if you got impatient, bored or frustrated while reading this, then my suggestion to bypass this venue is all the more validated in your case.) This all happened (i.e., non-fiction) to me and my girlfriend--a humble party of two! I can only imagine what others have endured and/or wasted their time and energy with here. Giordano's is very tasty pizza, but I'd much rather have a high-class, gourmet meal for this kind of overhead--being an average, self-respecting, rational individual. I only didn't rate it one star because the food itself, apart from such instances, grants a decent experience. But, the experience of the earlier case in point obviously far overshadows the worth of the pizza.Get a carry out order or visit a location elsewhere; please don't bother with all of this.
