Longman & Eagle is somewhere in between the myriad non-distinguished "corner bar & grille" and one-of-a-kind like the Publican or Avec. It tries very hard to pass itself as if it is one of the one-of-a-kinds, but it doesn't quite get there. Price-wise, it's in the same range as Publican. Scanning the beer list, the beers seem cheaper, but mostly because it's not as stacked to the (costlier) Belgian fares. It's pretty farily priced, I think - think Green Line around $5 and Matilda at $8. However, what was disappointing is that our waitress did not let us know which drafts were not available until we ordered them. Given that she was eager to push us on the daily special (some burger with foie gras and fried eggs for +$30) without being solicited, I think divulging the (more valuable) information on which beers were not available would have been more prudent. Ambiance-wise, the main dining area (where the bar is) is a zoo, especially at the tables lined up by the bars. We arrived just before 7pm on a Friday and were seated without waiting, but noticed that within half an hour, it was packed and people were waiting at the bar. Given the tight space, it meant whoever was sitting closest to the bar at our table was getting a lot of bumps and jostling with people's rear end - definitely not pleasant. It's ironic that it's those who bump the diners with their butts who give the diners the dirty look. (I'm sorry I'm sitting at a table in YOUR bar area!) The tables are bunched closer together than they should, and it's a constant commotion with wait staff, servers and water guys bumping up against your chair or your shoulders. And it's loud. Weird mix of country music and folksy-rock. I noticed that the rear dining area seemed much more serene, albeit somewhat austere (in a good way). Food is where I think they fall short of joining the ranks of one-of-a-kind. The sweetbread was a bit undercooked -- it's a bit tricky to get right, but when undercooked, the texture is a bit fatty/slimy. The famed Sloppy Joe was dry with barely enough meat - the beef fat fries that came with it was excellent, however, but these are just fries. The pork shank was also dry where it should have been more moist and juicier. The meatballs were small and (again) dry, and there were only three pieces. The creamy polenta/pesto it came doused in was actually pretty good, but the meatballs themselves were subpar to the 20-for-$5 IKEA meatballs, organic or not. Strangely, for most of the dishes, the accompanying sides and garnishes were more memorable than the main components. I came away feeling that they are great pretenders, but not quite the real deal. Service. Ah... service. The only times the waitress ever seemed enthusiastic and flashed any smile was when she was explaining the daily special and when she brough us our check - the latter, without being asked for one as we were sipping our post-dinner bourbon. I happened to sit facing the kitchen and the main POS terminal where the wait staff puts the orders in, and I noticed she spent more time loitering around in that area for no reason, generally looking bored or trying to strike conversations with other staff, than looking out for the needs of her diners. Given that the water guys refill the water (very frequently) and runners bring out the food, we had very little interaction with her -- when we ordered our food and our drinks -- but she seemed like she wanted to be anywhere else but working with us. Very charming. A night out at Longman & Eagle isn't cheap, especially when you are trying to get the full experience of sharing their small plates and exploring their drink menu. For my money, I can do better.
