I had the extreme, and I mean EXTREME, pleasure of dining at Alinea a couple of weeks ago and, ever since, I have been racking my brain trying to think of how I can accurately describe such a profound experience with mere words. And... I can't! I don't know where to begin. I don't know how to review it in a way that could even capture the essence of what it's like to dine at Alinea. Ahhh joie de vivre, the tribulations of life really are worth it when you get to enjoy the wonderful places, people and adventures afforded by simply living...uhhh and eating at luxury, world-renowned restaurants doesn't hurt either. If L.A.'s Urasawa is the Space Mountain of restaurants then Alinea is the first class ticket to fucking Mars. Everything from the entrance to the initial greeting by the manager to the dining room to every single motherfucking course to the wine pairing (OH THE WINE PAIRING) to the wait staff to the sommelier, everything was executed with the finest attention to every detail. I loved it. I more than loved it. I wanted to bare its evil, epicurean spawn. I wanted it to slap me in the face and never call me again. The tasting menu was incredible. I mean, it's giving me the vapors just thinking about it. I won't give anything away, but I did dub one dish the "Black Truffle Bukkake". YES! Just know that the entire tasting was fucking amazing. They also have pared their menus down to just one, no more having to choose between tasting or touring. We opted for the wine pairing with our meal, which was a genius move on our part. Actually, it might not have been genius, as I don't quite remember everything involved in the dessert courses. Oops. The pleasure of being in the hands of such brilliance was overwhelming at times. Grant Achatz and his team are true culinary wizards. We're not worthy! We're not worthy! These are all people who love what they do and they do it expertly...food, cooking and glorious glorious alcohol. Our sommelier was beyond extraordinary. He had an anecdote for every bottle of wine and delivered it with unwavering knowledge and intoxicating (get it?!) charm. If I could just make my home in Alinea and be lulled to sleep every night by the sommelier while partaking in delicious fare and impressive libations, that would be...*HEAD EXPLODES*
