Yeah, this place really needs to be addressed because of the never ending orgy of blindly positive reviews for Davanti on Yelp. As I write this, another 5-star review has posted. Perplexing. Let's start with the positives. The space is unique - the interior is worn wooden planks and really looks like a wine cellar. The service was good - we were there on a friday night and everything still came out very promptly. Our server was polite, helpful and the general staff was professional (I waited tables for 7 years in fine dining so I'm not just saying that). All things considered, for a special occasion, it's also not that expensive. The girl and I had a martini each, a bottle of champagne, a bottle of red wine, and about 12 dishes, and everything came out to $175 + tip. That said, assuming you want Italian and a place that is on the nicer side of casual, $175 is way better spent somewhere else (Spacca Napoli immediately comes to mind). Let's move now to the negatives. Find me something on this menu that I couldn't cook at home better than they did it, and I'll take this review down. Honestly. Let me break it down by the dishes we had - Started with a meat and cheese plate. The slices were skimpy, and it was served with no bread. Why? I can appreciate that if the meat is so quality that bread actually detracts from it. This was not the case.  It was served with fruit biscotti. Fuck fruit biscotti. That's the Italian equivalent of fruitcake, and fuck fruitcake. Let's see, don't get the farro salad unless you like cardboard. Don't get the mascarpone polenta & ragu unless you like flavorless baby food. Polenta I understand being flavorless - it never had a chance. Beef ragu, however, should not be. Moreover, the meat should not be tough. Here's a tip - slow cook the ragu on low so that it retains its flavor and tenderness. If I know that, how do you not? The rigatoni, truffle egg toast, and anchovies weren't bad, they were just unimpressive (and the rigatoni undercooked, even for al dente). The chicken liver pate was solid, but shit, it's pate. In the same vein, the crispy bork belly was good, but shit, it's bacon. It wasn't even as good as bacon should should have been. This brings us, unpleasantly, to the lowpoint of the evening. The swordfish. Why, dear god why, would you take an amazing piece of swordfish, and then bread it? And if you are going to do that (I'm well aware that breading fish is classic Italian cooking - that doesn't mean it isn't gross), do it with some garbage fish, like catfish or (very Italian) flounder, and serve it HOT. Not room temperature, HOT. The damn thing about fried food, it's only good when it's hot. Breaded swordfish is gross, but moreover, I'm confused about why you took that extra step to make something (that was once good) terrible. Congrats, you worked extra hard to fail. Last, but certainly not least. Part of the buzz on this place is that their wines are retail prices. It says it on the menu, it says it on the reviews, and your server will make the same claim. Bullshit. The last time I bought a bottle of Veuve Clicquot it was $45 at Binny's (gotta love Binny's). At Davanti, $88 + a $7 in-house corkage fee (really, you're going to charge me a corkage fee for wine I just bought from you?) gets you 1 bottle of Veuve. The Aia Vecchia Lagone (great inexpensive Italian wine by the way) is $17 retail. It's not $30 + your absurd corkage fee. You explain to me how a 200% markup is retail pricing, and I'll buy you a bottle of $95 Veuve Clicquot and spoon feed you their shitty food. Oh, my sidecar was excellent. Nice job bartender.
