This is another one of those awesome finds that makes me feel the need to post a review to yelp... and that says a lot considering I rarely review places.  I was visiting with a friend (over labor day weekend), searching on yelp for brunch places and came across this place with an all-you-can-eat option. I haven't been to an all-you-can-eat since Vegas. Mainly because I just don't eat enough to make it worth the price.  Here however, they had what they call the harvest bar, which is things like salad, yogurt, oatmeal... all of the healthy stuff that you can eat, and a very large variety. That was one of the most impressive things about this place. It had pretty much everything you could think of! AND get this, it's main attraction (probably for most people) is the Brazilian BBQ!!! Yes, so much great food and all of it in unlimited quantities!! The kitchen crew was also constantly coming over with dishes that were made in smaller quantities, but with much more care. Some might argue it's their way of filling you up, but I would say these dishes are often better than any of the BBQ meat or harvest bar stuff, so I'm not complaining. The desserts are all so intricately made, I can never bare to eat them. I just take a ton of pictures of them and leave the eating to my friend. But they do make quite amazing desserts too! After our awesome meal, we were headed to the shopping district nearby, and they had a small van waiting outside to take us there. Complimentary service, they said. HOW AMAZING IS THAT!! I had known that they could come to your hotel to pick you up for the meal, but had no idea they would also drop you off at your later destination! This was by far the best service I'd had from a restaurant! On my later trips, I had also had them pick me up at the hotel, but asked if they could drop me off at the airport afterwards. They agreed! It was awesome! And they were super nice about it too, even giving us discount cards for our next visit! I should have written this review much earlier, right after my initial trip to Chicago, but I never found the time, and lo and behold, I ended up going there again on my next trip out to Chi. Time and time again, they surprise me as to how great the service is here. The decor here is very suitable for dinner and bar/lounge atmosphere, although I've personally never been here at night. I imagine it would be quite the intimate date spot.
