Right now they're getting 1 star from me, but I have yet to have anything more than goat cheese and some warmed up bread. Had reservations at 9 p.m., hadn't been seated by 10 p.m. Barely got any service or answers about the wait at the bar. Got 1/4 of a brick of goat cheese and 2 teeny pieces of bread and had to ask for more. No one would want to put that much cheese on a cracker-sized piece of bread... also since you're making all FOUR of us wait for an hour, you'd think they'd bring 4 slices of cracker-sized bread...lord knows there was enough cheese for about 10 of those cracker-sized bread slices. We left at 10pm...hungry. They did call us the next day and offered to make it up to us.. but we're all so annoyed I'm not sure we'll make the effort to go back. POOR SERVICE. Update: 1/23/2010 - I've upgraded my rating from one star to three stars after giving them another shot. They mailed us a $100 gift certificate for our trouble last time (much appreciated) and so we tried again. We were seated within 10 minutes of our arrival with multiple updates on the status. I almost wondered if they remembered who we were because this time, the host service was impeccable. The host even brought us to the bar but suggested we hold off on ordering any drinks because he expected our table to be ready in just a minute. We got one of the groovy booths everyone talks about. We liked it, it felt intimate. It was a little strange that the waiter and others had to always open the doors to get things to us. I suggested they hire wait staff with longer arms so they could just reach over (kidding). I don't remember the fancy names they had for stuff... but here's what we got: The walleye, the yellowfin crudo, some off menu lamb casserole thingy, and a dish with turkey, pork and sausage, plus brussel sprouts and the little gem salad (complete with strips of pig ear). I tried ordering two dishes prior to ordering the off-menu lamb item but after ordering were told they were out of them (one was quail the other was not memorable). I wished he would have told us what they were out of ahead of time... but again... whatever. The food was good. None of us were "wow"d by anything. The lamb dish was the most flavorful. Pork is definitely their forte. The server was pretty good (minus the foible about forgetting to tell us what they were out of) and he provided good wine suggestions. He also didn't pester us too much which was much appreciated. I don't consider myself a "foodie" so maybe that's what you need to be in order to be completely blown away by the Publican. I don't understand all these 5 star reviews here. Overall, a fine experience. We agreed we won't be going back.
