Came here for a business dinner, where cocktails were served on the rooftop and dinner was inside but upstairs apart from the main dining room. I can see a lot of business, birthday, and wedding rehearsal dinners served upstairs. Zed451 is definitely one of those places you take someone to impress. The rooftop is especially nice (with heat lamps), but only half of it is convenient because you have to walk around a huge skylight to get to the other side. It has ok views (meaning: you're not right next to a neighboring building), but you can't see far. Dinner operates a lot like the Brazilian churrascurias. There is a "salad bar" with veggies, sides, and soup that is buffet style. Then the servers come by your table to serve you the mains/proteins. Some meats are on large skewers that they carve off for you, while others are already pre-sliced and laid on a large platter. Everything tasted pretty good, but I didn't get all the offerings they list on their menu. For example, I never got the salmon or chicken. And the food, by the time is served to you, is not hot. I only saw 1 round of the proteins, but a server said he could bring back more if I requested it. My fave items were the wagyu beef and the brisket. The duck and venison pieces (served on a platter) were all too rare for my taste. The blackened catfish was way too salty. Unlike at Fogo or Texas de Brazil, I definitely wasn't exploding from being too full. We had a mini dessert buffet too, which I think was special to our party, but they were all fantastic, especially the lemon meringue tarts and mini red velvet cupcakes. The nice thing about Zed451 is that everyone - vegetarians, pescatarians, and carnivores - can be happy here with all the variety, but I'm the type of person who if I love something, I want a lot of it and a little of everything else. At Zed451, you just get a little of everything. So it's a good place for large parties or picky eaters so you can please everybody, but I personally wouldn't come back for $45/pp unless it was for a special event.
