This review is not based on staying as a guest in a room, but a review for it as a wedding venue. I officiated my friends wedding here and helped with a lot of the planning details.  When I heard my friends were getting married at the Holiday Inn because it was a fantastic deal, I was happy that they found something that fit their budget, but I wasn't expecting it to be super classy. I was so wrong. Barbara, the in-house the wedding planner was a breeze for the bride and groom to work with. She was calm and thought of everything. I too found communicating with her to be very easy.  The food was well beyond my expectations. The salad was not your average crank them out wedding salad. The greens were fresh, the string beans delicious. If you told me I was eating local organic produce, I would have believed you. The steaks were so thick and delicious you would have thought this was a $150 per plate wedding meal, which I'm sure it was not. The Holiday Inn outsources their cakes to Alliance Bakery. I'm not a big wedding cake fan - because most just aren't that great. This one was fantastic. (Chocolate buttercream, chocolate cake, raspberry filling.) The venue let our friends bring in their own beer from outside. This is unheard of at a hotel wedding venue. Upcharging alcohol is a big part of how they make their money. But our friends were able to pick up fantastic beer and bring it in to be served at the bar. It saved them a bundle. They had an open bar all night long. I'm not big into mixed drinks so I cannot comment on that aspect. Free rooms were included for the bride and groom and parents on the night of the wedding. The couple said that nice perks like that were present throughout their whole experience. The only things I did not like were: They typically don't provide a holding room for the wedding party to wait in. The part of the room where they stood for their ceremony had an exit door and exit sign right behind them. Not the most beautiful backdrop to a wedding ceremony. And when the clock struck leaving time - they threw on the florescent lights and herded everyone out as though it were a police raid. I have worked catering and understand well the need to get guests out so crew can start to breakdown. I'm sure their method was effective in doing so, but they could have used some more tact.  These negatives were minor compared to the service, the good price, the good food, and great views. I think this is one of the best kept secrets as far as Chicago wedding venues go. Five stars indeed.
