You want old school? Look no further than Sabatino's. We had a large group coming in for a birthday (8 people) and as soon as we were all at the restaurant we were seated accordingly. The dining room is like something out of a movie. This ain't Sbarro's, people. This is the real deal - you are going to get a serious Italian meal at this place.  Our waitress, Dawn, did a good job taking care of us. We were started off with a loaf of italian bread and butter, as well as a flatter bread with cheese melted on it. Bread is lovely, and our table gobbled it up. I started with a glass of sauvignon blanc and perused the menu. My husband and I got some escargot as an appetizer, which was good. The little snails were still in their shells. It wasn't the best escargot I've ever had, but it was still good. How can butter and garlic not be good? Sabatino's is all about food. When you order an entree, you also get soup, salad and a choice of potato with your dish. Reserve stomach space accordingly. For my main, I got the chicken toscana, which were chicken breasts sauteed in olive oil, white wine sauce and sun dried tomatoes. I passed on the soup (minestrone), got a salad with italian dressing and a side of asparagus. I passed on the potato. Everyone liked the soup. The salad was pretty standard. Romaine/tomato/dressing. No surprises. The asparagus appeared to be boiled, which isn't my favorite way of preparation, but I love asparagus regardless, so it was cool. The chicken toscana was ridiculously large (3 chicken breasts) and it was swimming in a delicious buttery white wine sauce. It was good, but I only ate one of the breasts, my husband snatched another and we took the third home. The chicken was a teensy bit dry, despite the buckets of white wine sauce. Sniff. Our table got desserts as well, which I passed on. I did, however, sample some lemon ginger tea which was a great end to the meal. Sabatino's is good, but I wouldn't say I was blown away. The ambience was more appealing than the food itself.
