Don't let the dark kitschy decor fool you. This is honest good ole fashioned cooking at its best. The restaurant operates humbly and honestly. Everything is so simple and, as a result, extremely enjoyable. Gilt opened in the space formerly occupied by Aigre Doux and has quickly become an instant powerhouse. Don't even think about coming here for dinner or drinks after 8pm any day. Chicagoans have been flocking to Gilt from the day it opened. And with good reason...they have some of the best Bone Marrow in the city because the bones are sliced lengthwise not widthwise. This has 2 advantages: (1) easy to scrape out the marrow (2) create a crispy caramelized crust on the surface of the marrow. For $12, you get three halves of Marrow Bone with 4-5 grilled pieces of bread, parsley, and onion jam. This is a great dish for the table to share. The onion jam is sweet so I use it sparingly. All you need is marrow and their perfectly grilled bread slices. So delicious! Gilt is also arguably serving the best piece of meat you can get in the city. The Chef grills a thick cut of boneless Ribeye steak old school-style over charcoal. The technique adds a natural smoky flavor while charring the outside of the meat. The result is one gratifying luscious hunk of steak that has every attribute you want in every single bite: crispy, fatty, meaty, tender, and juicy. A nordic Viking would be proud of this steak. The restaurant charges $1.25 per ounce for a 18-22 oz piece of meat. The gf and I shared this with a side of brussel sprouts. The menu is very well priced. Where else in the city can you order a 20 oz boneless charcoal grilled Ribeye steak for $25??????? The dinner menu doesn't have any items that are expensive (entrees above $35-40). The wine list is small, but there are some delicious red wines by the glass. And the restaurant offers a $4 house white and red wine. The restaurant also has 4 seats in the rear that serve as kitchen bar seating. Come here and order the $4 house wine and share the bone marrow and the Ribeye. I'll def be a regular at Gilt.
