Hot Doug's is one of the most famous restaurants in the city of Chicago. Arriving a little more than 30 minutes before they opened on a Saturday morning I was able to find street parking and my place in the already long line built up to enter this establishment. The line moves quickly and soon I was ready to place my order. Obviously, I had to try the Chicago style hot dog. I also tried the "Ale and Chipotle Buffalo Sausage with Smokey Bacon Sauce and Sage Derby Cheese", and an order of Duck Fat Fries. To my delight Hot Doug's also had a cooler stocked with bottles of Green River soda. On to the actual food itself, the "Ale and Chipotle Buffalo Sausage with Smokey Bacon Sauce and Sage Derby Cheese" I received was a delicious smoky sausage with bits of cheese on it. I can't really think of anything to compare the flavor to. This was absolutely fantastic and is one of the best things I've ever eaten. I seriously wish I could have bought a second one to take home without having to re-enter the line again. The regular Chicago-Style hot dog was a well steamed Vienna Beef dog, it came on a nice poppy seed bun, all of the regular Chicago style fixings were there. The pickle included wasn't long enough so that you could get pickle in every bite however. The sport peppers were slightly hotter than I preferred, overall this is a very good Chicago style hot dog, but certainly not the best. The duck fat fries were tasty and for the 3.50 or so they cost I got a huge amount of them. They tasted like normal fresh cut fries, there's a slightly different aftertaste to them compared to most places, these were good but on my next visit I'll stick with cheese fries. Overall, Hot Doug's is a great place to eat at. While there are better places to get a Chicago-Style Hot Dog. No one has a greater variety of unusual sausage combinations. It's hard for me to emphasize how fantastic the Buffalo Sausage was. I will definitely be making a return trip sometime in the near future. Big thumbs up!
