I went to Hot Doug's for the very first time yesterday. I had read all the reviews on here & how the line can be long & to be prepared to wait.  So I had a plan. Coming from Michigan we would leave home by 7 AM. - therefore arriving at Hot Doug's by 9:30 AM. Well before the 10:30 opening time & we'd be FIRST in line!!!  (Michigan is an hour ahead of Chicago, so that worked in our favor.)  And that is EXACTLY how it worked - at least in my head. IN REALITY, of course we left Michigan quite late - and didn't arrive at Hot Doug's until about 12:15 Chicago time. And of course there was a line - lunch time on a Saturday at midday. For us it was about 1 hour 15 minutes.  But honestly, the line went quickly. It did not feel like that long at all! We got inside and Doug took our order - chatting us up & was very funny. One hot dog I ordered was a Chicago Dog. Doug asked if I wanted that "steamed" or something else (I can't remember the other option now.) I asked him what is the traditional way? He said "dry & mediocre" - I busted out laughing. He informed me the better way to phrase that is "what is the best way to have it prepared." Soooo funny!! (I got it steamed - at least I think - I was still laughing :)  CHICAGO DOG = soooo incredibly yummy. I could eat one of these every visit. I also ordered the Foie Gras dog. I was excited about this one. It sounds so interesting and I love trying new things. But, I have to admit I'm on the fence about this one. I'd say I'm about 80% like it - 20% - not quite sure what I think.  Would I order it again? Yes. Would I order it EVERY day (or even once a week?) Probably not. But It was still very tasty - I'm glad I tried it.  FOIE GRAS DOG = Glad I tried and overall liked - but probably not my favorite. My friend ordered the Sal Tessio. O.M.G.  TRY THIS. It was so delicious. But then I'm a huge fan of spicy mustard. LOVED IT.  SAL TESSIO = Doug needs to come to my house & make this for me many times. We also ordered duck fat fries. Honestly, I didn't think all that much of them.  They were fine, but that was about the extent of my thought on them. My friend ended up eating most of them. Again - glad I tried them, but for me I would rather save room in my stomach to try yet another Hot Dog/Sausage. DUCK FAT FRIES - not for me. GOOD. just not for me.  I am very glad we went. Yes there was a wait, but it seemed to go by quickly. The food was fantastic. It was fun to try new things, and Doug was hilarious. (And the service staff was fantastic as well! can't forget to mention them!) I definitely plan to go back - as often as I can.  I can't wait to try rattlesnake someday.
