I'm almost ashamed to admit that I've already been to a place that's been open less than a week. That's not at all the kind of thing I do, but my beer aficionado friends have been anxiously awaiting the opening. We went the first Friday they were open. We got there a little bit after 5pm in anticipation of a big crowd. There were 3 of us and our wait for a table was about 20 minutes and we found stools at the bar in the meantime. We were seated at a booth overlooking the bar area, and the people watching opportunities were plentiful. Not long after we were seated, the place REALLY filled up. And since the lights were on bright bright bright (too bright, but they dimmed to a crowd-wide "oooh" at around 7pm) I could see the best that Logan Square had to offer with clarity and only a slight beer buzz. I only saw one baby though. Must have been a slow night.  Our server was great...and we didnt get stuck with one of the hipster leggings wearing guys. LEGGINGS!!! ON A GUY?!! Man I'm old. Anyway, she was friendly, and helpful. She admitted she didnt know everything there was to know about the guest taps, because they were very recently added, but she went to ask (instead of making something up). As for the beer...well, here's where my review falls short. I dont really like beer. I tried the chocolate porter, and I liked it, but one was enough for me. It's heavy, but tasty. My hop loving friends like the pale ale, but I think the general consensus was "wait for the next batch." But the food.....man. We started out with the sweet potato cakes, and they were great. The sauce they were served with was unexpected and went well with them. I ordered the flemish beef stew and I wanted to take it home and put it in a controlled environment and see if it would reproduce. It was HEAVENLY. The mashed potatoes that came with it were the best I have EVER had, including my own and I make great mashed potatoes. My friends ordered the tempeh reuben and some sort of chicken sandwich that I cant quite remember the exact name of right now. My friend isnt a vegetarian and said that anyone would love that reuben. I didnt try it, because I'm not a fan of the reuben flavor profile. My other friend enjoyed his chicken sandwich immensely. The other side we tried was the bleu cheese potato salad. My friends (lovers of blue cheese) thought it was great. i (hater of bleu cheese) did not try it, and I'm glad I didnt since their review was "good, but VERY bleu cheesy." So the food gets an A+ from me, and I cant wait to get that stew again. In fact, I might just get the mashed potatoes. Served in a bucket maybe. Mmmm. As far as the actual establishment....here's where the loss of 1 star comes in. There are two big screen tv's over the bar. They werent on, but I feel they really detract from the classy atmosphere of the place. I dont think they're necessary, but thats just my opinion. Also, the space seems very large but somehow doesnt have as much seating as you'd expect. I think that's probably in part because of the large waiting area. It seems disproportionate to the space. And..the bathrooms. The brewpub is GORGEOUS....they really missed out on an opportunity to make the bathrooms something special. The thought they put into the bar, with the carved pillars and the pulls on the taps. The wonderful beer barrel wall, and light fixtures made out of the metal from the beer barrels....they obviously took some time and effort on the design. I just wish it would have extended into the bathroom. Truthfully, the only reason I'm nitpicking is because there is nothing hugely wrong with this place. The food is great, the beer is on it's way to being great, and the leggings are abundant. What more could you ask for?
