Hmmmm....where do i begin. I guess i should begin by mentioning that on my last trip to chicago nearly 3 years ago, we were on a damn mission to get here to try the infamous hot dogs & duck fat fries that Bourdain raved about on his chicago episode. A long train ride, and a long nearly mile long walk over in the sketchy part of chicago led us to hot dougs. We were so stoked about finally eating here. We didn't do much research though, and came near closing time (around 3:30ish, and they close at 4). So what happens? the worker guy cut the line off right in front of us! I think at the time i was stunned more than anything, bc usually i would be more aggressive and talk my way into getting us in. Needless to say, we were devastated and bummed that we made that long journey, only to be dissapointed! Well this time around, i was way more prepared! I planned my whole trip around making sure we were able to get here early saturday morning (already anticipating the long line that awaits, since duck fat fries are only served fri & saturdays!). We caught the train to the belmont station and grabbed a taxi this time. Went and stood in the already long line, but was already mentally prepared for this. The weather was overcast and windy. We waited a total of 1 hour and 35 minutes in line, and lucked out as the rain started pouring after about an hour and 20 min. Felt bad for the others who waited in line after us though bc they were literally drenched! the crazy things we do for the love of hot dogs?!?! When we finally made our way to the front of the line, Doug was at the counter to greet us and to take our order. Chipper and friendly as what others mention. Between the 2 of us (who both don't eat pork or red meat), we opted for the veggie dog (chicago style, and grilled with all the fixings), the duck sausage special with foie gras, the chicken sausage with gouda cheese, and of course the infamous duck fat fries!!! All were delicious and I particularly enjoyed the foie gras dog and the veggie dog. Very tasty and definitely hit the spot. They gave us an extra order of fries, and so we were a bit overwhelmed with a bunch of food left over. I recommend coming with a group so you can order a bunch of different flavors of encased meat. And would definitely come when you can experience the duck fat fries! One serving is definitely enough to share amongst 2 people. Yes....finally. My trip was complete.
