"I think this popcorn is coated with COCAINE," says Kristin M. as I reseat myself at our sleek table at ultra-sleek Graham Elliot. Indeed. And if by cocaine, you mean parmesan, chives, sea salt, black pepper, and other spice goodness, then YES. Cocaine. Crack. Don't want to stop eating it. Graham Elliot would have been a five star experience if it had only consisted of a cool waiter continually bringing us baskets upon baskets of this stuff. Other things that were five star-worthy: the London Calling, a fantastically drinkable mix of plymouth gin, ginger water, apple syrup, and cucumber soda. Light, yet strong with unique elements, this cocktail is a winner. The Beef Stroganoff--oh.my.lord. This ain't your typical old, heavy stroganoff. It's been deconstructed to a certain extent--shallot compote and sour cream at the bottom of the heap, with a layer of chanterelle mushrooms, a layer of peppered spaetzle, topped with slices of lovely medium rare, tender-as-can-be beef. I could eat it ALLLLL day long every day. Four star worthy: our starters. The cheddar risotto (bratwurst, chives, cheese, and cheez-its!) and chesnut bisque (it's like dessert soup!) were solid choices that we were very pleased to taste. Our server was super cool, very attentive, and we could tell he was enjoying chatting with us. We like attention! Less-than-desirable: the Some-Like-It-Hot. There was weird clear SPICY jelly at the bottom of the martini glass, and Kristin M. does NOT do spicy. "I don't think you're ready for this jelly..." Also, the bussers tried to serve us TWO, count 'em, TWO dishes that we didn't order! We were like, uh, nope! Sorry, not here. We'll take it! But not here. Also, the caramel apple dessert was too complex. I either wanted it to be a taffy apple or a slice of apple pie, and it was really trying to be both. Not quite. So, in Yelp Math, this experience equals 4 stars. Maybe four and a half for the caramel corn they tried to send us away with--and I still swear, that it tastes like BACON! Ya'll think I'm crazy, I know. But it's true. And amazing.
