One of the main reasons I enjoy dining at Italian restaurants is due to the unparalleled service. As we approached the restaurant, my boyfriend and I were actually having a conversation about the amazing service we were guaranteed that night at Sabatinos. "How are you?" asks our server as he approached our table for the first time. "Great, how are you," we reply. "Busy, they sat me 6 tables in a row." says our server. What. When a stressed out white boy resembling Shawn White showed up to our table, I immediately knew the service we were going to receive would be second-rate. Our table was a constant mess the entire night, there were bread crumbs everywhere and dirty dishes piled up. Several people stopped by our table to fill our water glasses and drop off soups/salads. Each person ignored the mess. Shawn White stopped by our table several times but was gone before I could ask him to remove the mess. When Shawn White approached our table to snatch up the tea bag box he had left, he exclaimed that everyone was "on his case" about it. I questioned whether or not he actually thought I cared. It wasn't my fault that he left the tea box at my table so he could run off to service one of the other 6 tables he was dealing with. I had to assume that I'd never see that tea bag box again, so I took two different tea bags out of the box while making my decision. Shawn White didn't appreciate the fact that I had picked two different tea bags. He did not fail to mention that each tea bag would cost me $3.50. Prior reviews on this restaurant describe a romantic, old school italian joint. I saw the word "accomodating" being used to describe the service, and people talking about the piano player and the violins... The experience I had was one of frustration... one of conversation filled with a debate about whether or not our server resembled Shawn White or....Harry from Dumb & Dumber..... On the plus side, the food was excellent. My favorite was the House Salad and the French Onion Soup. Originally, we chose this restaurant because they offer Bananas Foster on their dessert menu. Unfortunately, we didn't stick around long enough for dessert..... we got the hell out of dodge.
