This place is ridiculously amazing. I honestly don't feel as though I'm going to do this review any bit of justice, so please...do yourself a favor and just go here at some point. Tru is unlike ANY other restaurant I've ever dined at. I've grown up on quite a bit of fine dining, particularly in Beverly Hills...but this place is unbelievable. From start to finish, the whole experience is just amazing - it's like a production! They treat you like superstars! :) You walk in, get greeted, the lady immediately takes your coat and hangs it. Then you walk into a clean, comfy lounge where you can sit with pretty flower candles & a romantic setting. Immediately thereafter, they walk you to your table! At first, my bf and I felt like this place was pretty pretentious. Everyone was completely dressed up. I saw one guy who failed to bring a suit jacket, so they loaned him one before he entered the dining area. The waiters even spoke in a super formal manner, so we felt even more awkward. However, once the meal started to unfold and we realized that all that glamour is really just unexpectedly grand treatment, we grew more comfortable and actually started to really enjoy the pampering :) We both ordered the 6-course grand collection, but I noted that I have some food allergies, so they adjusted accordingly. As a result, even though we were both supposed to get the exact same courses, we actually both got to try even more food because we had different food for practically every course! It was awesome! While I initially thought that each piece of food was rather small and dinky (exact thought in head: "THAT'S IT?!" *insert utter disappointment*), I actually felt full by the end of the meal. They must do a great job of balancing out the nutritional ingredients or something! The bread was great - I especially liked one that tasted exactly like a freshly made croissant. Their beer selection was excellent, as my bf loved what he ordered. I don't even like beer, but I enjoyed the sip that I had too! I asked them to customize a blackberry mint cooler, which was super yummy and to my surprise, concocted very well. My standout dishes were the beet salad with sour apple gelee, the butternut squash soup, the pork belly with grits and the apple beignets with vanilla bean ice cream were two of the standout courses. TI should note that their menu changes seasonally, so you may not be able to order everything that I got - but keep an open mind! The chefs definitely know what they're doing and again, will gladly adjust anything to your taste if you have any allergies. I think what really made the experience even more amazing was just the fact that they throw in quite a bit of "complimentary" items throughout the meal. Now I know they're not REALLY complimentary because this place is so pricey, but still...it gives the illusion that you're getting more than what you paid for, so in essence, it must be a bargain! First, they gave us some airy puffs, stuffed with cheese at the beginning of the meal. In the middle, they gave us some pear mixtures and cucumber dishes to cleanse our palettes. Following our dessert course, they gave us these special exploding truffles with melted vanilla ice cream inside! These were a great party in my mouth! Immediately thereafter, they brought around this cart with a bunch of homemade treats, compliments of the chef. We tried one of each treat and boy, were these good! They had mini lemongrass macaroons, which tasted just like fruit loops - only fancier! Besides the food, I'm still completely in awe of the service. Throughout the night, they always pulled out the table (since I was sitting on a side with a booth), just so I could get out. Their staff escorted me to the bathroom. When I walked past a group of servers, they immediately stepped to the side and fervently apologized! I have never experienced such polite service in my life! They also changed utensils and plates between every single course. The servers definitely coordinate very well with each other and read cues incredibly well because they were always on top of getting us whatever we needed (i.e. swifty cleaning up our food, bringing us a fresh warm napkin with a pair of tongs, following up with the next course, etc.. They even rushed to make sure they pulled out my bf's chair, which was just exceptional to me - they really care about tending to your every need! I thought the night couldn't get any better, but as we were leaving, they gave us a printed out copy of our menu! This was such a romantic gesture and was such a beautiful way to cap off our trip to Chicago! They also gave us a parting gift, which were these homemade shortbread cookies with jam in them...yum! I can't say enough good things about this place. If you're looking for a great anniversary spot or just some great fine dining, check out TRU! Thanks to my amazing bf for taking me here - he spoils me :)
