First off, this is supposed to be a 4 star hotel. Not a chance, more like a 2 1/2 star. We had to wait about 15 minutes to check in as there was one person working the front desk who was on the phone, this was at 2:45pm, check in is 3pm so we were a little early but I think you would have more staff on since it was a Friday. But we got checked in and headed to the elevator, two of us fit with our one suitcase each, barely. Not a big deal.  We get to the room and our room keys don't work. Ok it happens, the maid was able to let us in. We went to the desk and got new keys, which also didn't work. At this point we're irritated. So we call the front desk, who seems to think that not having a working room key isn't a big deal. Wow. I was not about to rely on them to let me in and out of the room. I did pay to stay here. So the maintenance man comes up tries to fix it, takes about 30-45 minutes and another set of keys but we're finally in business.  So lets talk about the room. Two of the lamps bulbs were burnt out. The doors on the cabinet for the tv were nearly falling off. The vanity lamp in the bathroom falling off if you wanted to actually move it and use it. Air conditioning didn't work properly. It was either, no joke, 60 degrees or 85. So that I was either freezing cold under a blanket or sweating. And during the night, the air just wouldn't turn on at all so it got even hotter. The walls are incredibly thin so you can here everything and everyone.  The toilets have the loudest sound when flushed. So imagine sleeping at being startled awake by the person flushing their toilet next door.  The decor is old which is the style of the hotel. The room itself wasn't in poor condition just a few things here and there. There was a random beark skin blanket on the bed? Not sure why since it didn't match the victorian decor at all. The bed was comfy and the pillows. Which is always a plus except when you can't get a good nights sleep because you're woken so much thru the night. The room wasn't huge, standard size room, but had a nice full length mirror on the closet doors. Lighting wasn't the best, I can't imagine the two other lamps would have shed much more light. The bathroom was fairly lit and decent in size. Parking is $48 for valet for one night or $40 for the garage right across the street. So pretty average there. I wouldn't stay here again, there are other hotels in the same price range that are nicer.
