I go to Chicago a fair amount on business and have stayed at the Westin several times. Its a comfortable place and a convenient location (House of Blues is right next door), but there are some annoyances. I actually booked my next stay at a different hotel. I'd certainly stay at the Westin again but at the moment it's not my first choice. First, some good stuff. The staff is great -- very friendly and professional. If you need a cab, the doorman is good and aggressive at getting you set up. The lobby and room decor are great, the bed very comfortable, the rooms spacious, and the shower double-headed. So far so good. The problems start with the TV. I fired my TV at home years ago, so this a TV on the road is quite a novelty, so I'd like it to work and have some channels. Despite it being a nice big LCD, they apparently don't have much in the way of cable. Yes HBO, but no Comedy Central, and some stations don't have sound. Kinda defeats the purpose. I have to have Internet access too. No wireless in the rooms, but that's would be passable except that the past two times I went, the Ethernet cord had a broken tip & kept slipping out. To their credit they fixed it when I pointed it out, but housekeeping should be trained to check these things and proactively make sure it's OK. Oh, and here's a tip, Westin: snagless Cat 5 cable has been around forever. Give it a try. Room service is good if you get the right thing -- they have a baked red fish that's excellent. But the cheeseburger is truly awful. You can get sushi delivered -- very cool -- but the one time I ate downstairs at the sushi bar, it was questionable (I did a separate review on that). The breakfast buffet has some tasty items but is far too small, and there's a disappointing lack of fresh waffles or omelettes. The workout room is a bit small but not bad unless there's a crowd, but there's no pool or hot tub, which I'd love. There have been some other little annoyances, like a drippy faucet, and the fact that road noise leaks through the window enough to bug me. Overall, it's not a bad place to stay on business, but I'm hoping to find better.
