I might consider giving a second chance to them, but my first visit did not leave me that impressed. We did arrive at 11:15 pm and they do close the kitchen at midnight, we were greeted by the friendly host, so we are off to a good start. Then we are greeted by one of the servers who goes over the menu made some good suggestions and brings our drinks. We do place the order with her and the appetizer is brought out. The appetizer is an artichoke and potato combination with goat cheese. I take one bite and thought perhaps it was just me, but when I look at my partner his expression was priceless. The appetizer did not have a good taste to it, almost as if it had been sitting int he refrigerator uncovered collecting the different tastes of the refrigerator. In the meantime I take a sip of my soda, flat! Ok so stuff happens, we ask the busboy if he can please take it back and get a new one or tell the server. He comes back and lets us know the server would bring it out because she had to enter it into the computer? Still no problem. A server other than our initial one approaches us and states that they are looking at changing the soda and will bring one out asap! Thanks for the follow up, although you were not the server who greeted me, took orders, made suggestions.  So our entrees come out. I had the chicken kabob and my partner had the pork sandwich. The sandwich was delicious I actually ended up eating more of that than my entree. The kabob really was not that great of a presentation, it actually looked like a plate of slop because of the watery tzatsiki sauce, what appeared to be three potatoes and perhaps the juice or grease from the chicken combining together. The chicken was ok, actually my partner liked my dish more and I his so we just swapped. In the meantime we really did not see anymore of our server until the end of the meal and the nice lady who came by earlier stopped by to see how things were. So at this point we tell her about the appetizer she was nice about it and apologized. They did end up taking it off the check. The place is cute, but the exhaust fans must not be working right or they turned them off later in the evening. The place smelled like grease/smoky I could not wait to get out. Perhaps they were cleaning the kitchen and had turned off the fans? Whatever it was I was grateful to go out for fresh air. Some suggestions for the servers if you are going to trade off a table, it is customary to let your table know that a new server will be taking care of them so we are not looking for you. Like I said I would consider giving them a second chance, but my first impression was not that great.
