First try for Purple Pig was a Saturday night before a movie, stupid idea. Wait was way too long so we came back on a Tuesday night at 6pm, much better. It was comfortably crowded but we got right in (as soon as our whole group was there). Between the three of us, we split six dishes. I was definitely the most adventurous eater of the three and would have gone a little crazier than we did if it was all up to me but I wasn't paying so I had to compromise. I was specifically told, "I'm not eating pig's ears AND bone marrow!"  This is what we got: - Truffle Tremor Cheese: a small wedge and two pieces of crostini... hard to split between three people, I'd pass on this one - Whipped Feta with Cucumbers: a generous portion served with eight wedges of agressively toasted bread. This was really delicious but maybe not something you couldn't make at home? - Roasted Butternut Squash with Pumpkin Seeds: Wow was this good. One of the favorites among the table. I think it might be a special for fall though. - Pig's Ears with Crispy Kale, Pickled Cherry Peppers and Fried Egg: I saw so many good reviews on this and I had to work hard to convince the table to order it and then it was just meh. The pig's ears were julienned very thin and battered and fried so there was no pork taste to them at all, just like fried sticks. It wasn't bad tasting but it wasn't mind blowing. - Milk Braised Pork Shoulder: My favorite dish of the night, served with mashed potatoes. You should order one per person so you don't fight over it. - Fried Deviled Eggs: Just how it sounds. I liked deviled eggs and I like fried things so I liked it. Pretty inventive and cooked well. For dessert, we got Sicilian Iris: basically a doughnut filled with cannoli filling. Very good and pretty large size, we split it three ways and it was the perfect sweet bite. Overall, the service was great, our server was really knowledgeable and friendly and had great suggestions (basically everything we got was her suggestion). If I was to go back, I'd skip the cheese and the pig's ears and I'd get the bone marrow and maybe something not heavy and fried, perhaps a vegetable? Like the baby artichokes? Either way, I'm glad I tried it and I'd definitely go back to try some other dishes but it wasn't as mindblowing as some other very similar-type restaurants were.
