This is a favorite date spot of my girlfriend and me. We like to go there and really like that we can bring our own bottle of wine. Most often when we go out the cost of the liquor exceeds the cost of the food but this place allows you to save a little bit of money and have a GREAT meal. We've been here more than 5 times and have always been fairly impressed. Our most recent trip though (this past Friday) was a step above the rest. I've had a few different servers there but this was the first time with Christine. She was right on the ball and helped me and my date have a really enjoyable dinner. We are creatures of habit and often just sit down and order the same stuff each time. However Christine insisted that we get a different special wasabi which turned out to be so much more natural in flavor. I don't specifically remember what it was that made it different from regular wasabi but it was only like $2 (or so) extra and well worth it. If I had only known about this sooner I would have gotten it before. Either its new on the menu or it's the first I've ever heard of it. I will be ordering this next time I'm in there and make sure you do the same as it's well worth it. The meal as always continued on for us with very very fresh maki rolls along with our new favorite wasabi. A small thing that I like about Coast is that I feel that other sushi places have really salty soy sauce and I like the much less salty flavor of that at Coast.Normally we are not dessert people at all but at her recommendation we had the Mo-chee (no idea how to spell that). I had never had before but will definitely have it again. It was seriously the perfect finish to a fantastic meal. I never understood when people would say one place had better sushi than another but Coast makes me get that. The quality of the sushi and the quick efficient staff is enough for me to give my first time 5 start rating on this site. I eat out 5-6 nights a week and often find faults in places but the food here is just fresher than other places. Highly recommended!!!
