I like to think that Doug and I are friends, because he went to Kendall, and I . . . dropped out of Kendall a semester before graduating. But I digress. Even though Doug and I have never been introduced, every time I get to the front of the line he acts like he's really psyched to see me. But he acts like that for all the girls. . . and guys. . . and kids. . . and that's a big part of what makes Hot Doug's so fantastic-- the fact that the owner always seems like there's nowhere else he'd rather be. He's the ultimate host of the best party in town- the best sausage party! Aw yeah! But seriously folks, this is some tasty food here. Though I will admit, In the 4 or 5 times I've been there, I've always gotten the same thing- chicken Italian sausage with all the fixin's. As a self-proclaimed 'almost vegetarian,' Hot Doug's is the only place I've found where I can actually get a Chicago-style hot dog! Add some duck-fat fries, a veggie corn dog and some root beer, and this girl is about as happy as she can be. I do like to read the specials board, even though I've never ordered off of it, and I gotta tell you, some of those combos make me want to go full carnivore. But alas. . . The line is always huge, I'm not gonna lie. Best to plan ahead, and not show up when you're already starving. The line moves pretty quickly, but I have waited up to an hour (believe me, it's worth it). It's a bit out of the way, but doesn't that make it all the more special? UPDATE: Since writing this review I have officially jumped back on the meat train. I'm more into pork than beef, but I am known to dabble. Yesterday I jumped in head first. Yesterday, I had my first Tueben. Picture a Rueben sqeezed into a tube, and you pretty much get it. Amazing. I'm not a big sauerkraut fan, but this stuff was sweet and tangy and delicious. And while I am struggling to consume this beefy overload, lo and behold, I found. . . a second sausage in my bun. THERE ARE TWO SAUSAGES IN THERE. And faster than you could say 'that's what she said,' I found myself struggling to determine how I could finish that much meat (I couldn't).  But it was worth the effort.
