What can I say....We spent a wonderful Girls' Night Out with great dinner plans. A girlfriend of mine researched this place on none other than YELP and she decided to have dinner here with us all. Though we made reservations, we still had to wait when we arrived (typical of many restaurants nowadays). The entry way is literally at the door, so as you entry, you're already in the doorway for people to get in and out. I was quite weary when I had entered. Once we sat down, I noticed the tables were very tight. Then again, we did go here on a Saturday evening, and anywhere in the city at that time would be packed no matter if they are a bigger chain restaurant. Anyhow, we took one look at the menu and decided to order "family style" where we would all share the dishes instead of having one all to ourselves. We could have have been anymore right in that choice. Man-O-Man, when the waiter came to our tablet o serve our meals, we looked at them with BIG EYES, as if they were popping out! These dishes are enormous. There is no way (unless you are capable) to finish a dish per person. Appetizer - Mussels, Spicy Tomato Sauce: WOW. I can't eat spicy and I devoured this thing. We attacked it like we've never had mussels before. The sauce was fabulous, and the mussels...you sure get your moneys worth. There was so much flavor in each individual mussel that you could NOT go wrong on which ever one you chose. We ended up sipping on the sauce buy scooping it up with the mussel shells (shhh, can you tell we're heifers?! :)) Meals - ALL 3 were FABULOUSLY TASTING!!! I can go into specific details, but words can't explain the magnificent taste you get. 1. Pollo Arrosto alla Romana 2. Salmone ala Fresca 3. Linguine al Sugo di Gamberi We were so full that we were all disappointed that we weren't able to try their dessert. :( We are definitely coming back to try new items on their menu as it seems to change often (possibly due to what is available in the markets) The staff is great as well. They are so considerate. Granted the place was already small, but they were VERy careful in where they stood and how they got by from table to table. Each person was so nice! Though we sat near the entry, the hostess and bartenders would continuously give us a generous smile to not make it awkward that we were sitting so close (i felt less uncomfortable) This is my favorite little restaurant in the city for sure.
