Stayed for a week for biz and pleasure. As others have said, it couldn't be better located, within walking distance to shopping, sites, and restaurants. Housekeeping staff were fantastic, and always had my room cleaned and enjoyable to return to after sightseeing.  Check-in/out was easy, though they did accidentally give me somebody else's bill under the door along with my own. Initially reading it I was thinking I'd been doubled charged for a couple days of my stay, but then realized it was under another name. Front desk quickly resolved it when I walked it down.  Front desk staff were very personable and professional. The rooms are well-appointed.  I would only ask for two considerations: 1) wi-fi shouldn't be based "per device." I signed up on my iphone to access email while on my bed, and then when I went to use my laptop to complete some work I became aware that I had to repurchase wi-fi for that, and, if I chose to, again for my IPad. That would be $30 for the same person. I'm sure there are some couples out there, too, that wouldn't want to have to pay twice to obtain their emails on different phones. You could charge a room rate, and let it go at that. Also, as another reviewer said -- what to do with leftovers from the fantastic restaurants, including the hotel's own? The pressure sensitive mini-bar essentially eliminates the option of taking a soda or snacks out of the mini-bar to put something in (leftover pizza, dessert, my own bottled water, whatever).  I also had a problem with my room phone sometime after day 2 -- no dial tone and couldn't be used. I ended up needing to call the front desk for something and had to use my own phone. Told them while I spoke about the other issue that my room phone wasn't making calls, but they didn't send anybody. A night later, I had to call the main desk via my cell to get connected to room service, and I mentioned again I was calling because my room phone wasn't letting me make calls; no action. One other disappointment: the fitness center. Several pieces of cardio but only 1 leg option and a multi-function piece. If somebody else was doing their workout when you came in (as happened several times), you're stuck with cardio. I actually found a gym a couple blocks away that had more equipment and offered a 6 session pass so that I could get in the sessions I needed. One plus though, the Doubletree fitness center is open 24 hours -- many hotels arbitrarily close at 10 or 11p. Still, if a good workout is important during your stay, consider other locations. That said, it was affordable, even inclusive of a holiday weekend. My stay averaged $160. I had considered the Intercontinental two blocks away, but that was $75 per night more...may have been somewhat better appointed according to a couple biz colleagues, but why pay so much more if you can have an overall good experience for significantly less? And cookies, too. =)
