We had a reservation but still had to wait nearly an hour, standing in the vestibule with dozens of other restive folk. Host apologized three times to me with the same message: your table is getting up and it will be only 10 minutes. The third time I interrupt the host and finish her sentence for her. Finally I can stand no longer, explain I have a bum knee and 2 seconds later a chair is plunked down right in front of the host station. I can sit down but now I feel emotionally worse, like I am some crippled old lady, everyone who walks in stares at me. No drinks are offered to those of us in line, we're just standing (or in my case sitting) and waiting. Finally they seat spouse and me and offer us drinks on the house, we thank the server for the peace offering, hoping that the best is yet to come. Room is mobbed and painfully loud. They had not fixed the acoustics since our prior visit five months ago, though our server told us back then that they were about to add some sound-deafening materials. We had delayed our return hoping that either Publican's popularity had waned enough to quiet the crowd, or management had invested in some fabric. Alas, still nary a tablecloth or rug or curtain in sight. Then we order. Rillettes, salad, frites. My spouse orders pork belly for his main and I order the housemade boudin blanc for mine. My favorite sausage from Belgium, white veal sausage similar to a veal brat but with more elegant seasoning. We get our apps (very good) and an appropriate interval later spouse gets his pork belly......and then I wait, and wait, and wait...no boudin blanc in sight. Can't find our server, and backwaiter who had brought the porkbelly is clueless. Finally flag down our server after 15 minutes--looked like he was responsible for about 50 tables--and he replies that the SOP at Publican is that one dish comes out at a time, and people share them, sort of like a tapas or dim sum place. So he "assumed" that's the way we wanted our dinner, too.  I point out that (as we told him earlier in response to that rather annoying question asked by too many servers these days) yes we have been there before. We know the drill, and know dishes can be served simultaneously instead of sequentially. I remind him I said "this is his main course, this is mine, we want them brought out together". Oh, most likely the backwaiter was confused, breech of tradition and all that. Boudin should be up shortly. Meantime I insist that spouse eat his dinner so it won't get cold. No one has made an effort to remove his pork belly and bring him v2.0 to synchronize with MY main. It is now 10:00pm, we arrived 7:50pm. Another 30 minutes go by, no boudin blanc. Server apologizes, an assistant manager comes over to our table and apologizes. He knows our res had not been honored, too, I'm dumbfounded that they would compound errors. The lame excuse for the missing sausage now is that the resto is really busy (duh) and the kitchen is backed up. I tell him that my poor little porker should have been priority given what happened. Paul Kahan himself should have thrown the blasted sausage on a corner of the giant grill, cooked it up in 5 minutes, and served it to me. Boudin blanc finally arrives about 10:45. I'm not really hungry any more. Have eaten too much good bread, the apps, and 1+ orders of french fries (the first order comes out blanketed in salt). I eat half the sausage, ask for doggy bag. In case you're wondering, yeah, it was good, but not thaaaaat good. Now it's 11pm, our ears are ringing, I'm tired of sitting, my knee is throbbing, we want the blazes out. We ask our server for the check. The general manager (not the assistant) comes out and introduces herself. Tells us the entire dinner has been comped, gives us her card, tells us to come back soon and ask for her, implication is that she'll comp us again until we are happy.  We decide to be decent and give the server a nice tip. We agree that it wasn't (mostly) his fault, couldn't blame him for the house not honoring our res, or for the kitchen not getting its grill priorities straight, tho maybe it was his fault that the two mains didn't come out together, but more likely we think it was the backwaiter getting his signals crossed. We tell the server to bring us a zeroed out bill so we can put a tip on it and he absolutely refuses. Don't think it was management telling him no, but that he really didn't think he deserved anything. So we left a $20 bill on the table, whoever got it we don't know. Hope it wasn't the grill man. Bottom line, the food is quite good in a rustic way (though I wouldn't recommend it to someone who keeps Kosher), but sound level is just slightly below sonic boom and res are honored about as often as a Bears quarterback. So far, Publican't.
