I am a big fan of what Rick Bayless has done with simple Mexican fare and moved it a little bit more upscale. You won't find your $5 tortas here but what you will find is a refinement in the concept of a torta, mexican soups and deserts. Luckily the wait wasn't too bad for us, we got there around late 8PM or so on a Thursday. From ordering to be seated and getting our food it was about 20 minutes to under half an hour so not too bad for a celebrity chef spot.  My friends and I ordered the chicken milanesa, cochinita pibil, guacamole and chips, and limonada to drink. The limonada was great, nice tartness that made me want to go back for more. The guacamole and fresh tortilla chips were simple but done perfectly. The guac was thick, rich, and chunky unlike some places that put it through a food processor which would let it become loose and sloppy. The thick and crunchy tortilla chips were perfect for being a medium to bring the guac to ones mouth. As for tortas the cochita pibil was the star for me. The wood oven gave the sandwich a light smokiness and great crunch in the bread. I don't know what they do with the bread but it was amazing, perfect amount of crunch, stability, and ease of eating. They had the perfect balance of having that crunchy crust that held the sandwich together well but would deconstruct in your mouth easily. The roasted pork had a very laidback flavor that allowed the condiments to do most of the talking but the flavor of porkiness was still there. I liked the subtlety of the pork which was tender and got a great roast flavor which wasn't too overpowering. The addition of black beans and red onion escabeche went well, I thought. My only complaint was that the habanero dipping sauce was too spicy for me. The griddled chicken milanesa sandwich was great too. The tomatillo avacado salsa had a nice creaminess and tartness to it. I was surprised that it was chicken since I'm familiar with milanesa being a fried steak. Still I have no complaints except that I prefer the bread from the wood burning oven instead of the griddle.  I also tried the churros and I have to say, damn best churro I've ever had. Better get three because one only makes you want to eat more. I would have ate here twice if I could but there was some logistic problems with my stay in Chicago. That just means I have another reason to come back.
