I'm no longer afraid to use the bathrooms at Garcia's. Hooray! Ok, perhaps an odd place to start a review, but Garcia's has been a long time favorite in spite of the bathrooms in the former space. Rancid, putrid, small, stinky, vomit-inducing, call them what you want, but they were enough to make the pee crawl back. Yes, I said it. Crawl right back. No matter how many margaritas you had prior to trip to said bathroom. It's a good thing I was just steps from the stalls, because I just about peed myself when I flung open the bathroom door and was greeted by an immaculate, fresh smelling powder room, with rows of gleaming stalls and the heavy urine stench a distant, foul memory. And the dryers! The high powered hand dryers! How do I get one installed in my bathroom? And do they come in a model for one's hair? Fine fine fine. A clean bathroom does not an excellent restaurant make. So let's talk grub. There a couple new appetizers gracing the pages of the menu, but all the old favorites made it through the renovations, just like the murals. I opted to go with the torta milanesa with rice and beans. My man friend ordered the chicken burrito.  This was the big test - sure the bathrooms were great, but was the food? Aaaaah, just the way I remembered it! ALMOST. While the torta was just as huge and delicious as I remembered it, the rice was somehow lacking. It was too... Dry? Bland? Yeah, I think those two words sum it up. But the beans still melt in your mouth, so all is not lost. The chicken was just as dry as I recalled and portions are still beyond generous, with styrafoam leftover containers in my refrigerator to prove it. And let's not forget the service. We had two different servers tag teaming our table, and I think these ladies have a future in law enforcement, because it was total good cop/bad cop. Watch out Oliva Benson and Elliot Stabler, these two blow SVU out of the water! Unfortunately bad cop was the waitron we spent most of our time dealing with. While I greatly appreciate the new space, with it's huge open floor plan and inconceivably high ceilings, what I appreciate even more is the consistency. Garcia's may have had a facelift, some botox, a breast lift and a tummy tuck, but underneath it all, it's all about fresh, flavor filled, quality Mexican food, the food us loyalists have grown to love and expect over the years. Old fans and newbies alike should make it a point to get to Garcia's sooner rather than later.
