We went to celebrate our 21st anniversary. A special place for a special occasion! Arriving at the non-descript entrance, you know you are in for a great meal when the door opens and you walk down a narrow angular corridor lit with soft red light that seems to come from somewhere far off in the distance. You turn into the restaurant and walk into a high ceilinged foyer with a view of the kitchen. It's a dramatic compression and release. The kitchen is a bustle of activity - perhaps 20 chefs and cooks working. We are escorted to the front room where there about 7 tables. The rest of the restaurant is not visible from here, but I heard there are about 20 tables. We are asked a few questions before the meal starts. These concern any food intolerances and our alcohol preferences. There are two different wine pairings - the standard and the reserve. The standard is 3/4 the price of the food and the reserve is the same price as the food. I decided to have the standard pairing. My wife decided to have a glass of Pinot Gris from Alsace. We told them we will eat anything. We were served 20+ courses. To describe each one would be too much. But there were some definite highlights. The "hot potato, cold potato" is a whimsical little treat - a cold truffled potato soup over which is floating hot globes of butter poached Yukon gold potatoes and shaved black truffle skewered with an accupuncture needle. You pull the needle out and the potatoes drop into the cold soup and then you pour the whole thing into your mouth like a shot. Wow! What a contrast of hot and cold, smooth and chunky, and the flavor lasts in your mouth seemingly forever. The "truffle explosion" is a delicate raviolo filled with black truffle essence ... a xiao long bao on steroids! Each course challenged you with it's inventiveness, complexness, playfulness, interactiveness, artfulness, hauteness. Every dish is plated in a unique way, with some of the plates custom made by an engineer specfically for the dish at hand. Our final dessert was memorable. Our table is covered by a clean vinyl tablecloth and the dessert is assembled by a pastry chef directly on the table. Dollops and balls of this and that, a miraculously congealing chocolate sauce, and then a liquid nitrogen frozen block of chocolate mousse that is fractured into small smoky pieces - it's like eating a personalized Jackson Pollock painting. The wines were excellent and there were several interesting and little known varietals that were served. The service was impeccable, attentive and prompt. This kind of food and drink requires a dedicated, coordinated and fully engaged waitstaff. The courses came out without a glitch and without undue delay. We finished our entire meal in about 3 hours. This was quite a memorable dinner, probably the most memorable dinner I've eaten. There's no way of getting around the expense of this meal but if you can do it, it's worth it.
