This place is one of the worst sushi places in the city. If Gordon Ramsey stepped foot into Indie Cafe he'd go on about how unsanitary the place is. Then tell you how bad the sushi quality is. Let's start with the tables being so close together that you're literally within the conversations of the people seated next to you. The wooden sushi utensils/sticks you eat your food with are not new. They actually rewash them each and every time. See this for yourselves when you notice that the wood is rubbed off and shredded in several places. GROSS!!! There is clutter everywhere around the kitchen, sushi bar, and food serving areas. WHY? Really dirty looking and disgusting. And, there's something about a Mexican guy making Japanese sushi that just doesn't seem right. Oh, I know...because last time I checked Mexican cuisine didn't include sushi stuffed tamales. All this is even more notifiable when the expensive rolls you ordered smell fishy. PEOPLE, REALLY FRESH SEAFOOD DOES NOT, I REPEAT, DOES NOT SMELL OF FISHY ANYTHING! They cut corners at your expense. I was there with three other people, that's four total, we each ordered our own roll, making it clear with the waitress. She brings one very small saucer with wasabi and ginger on it or all of us to share. Completely cheap and disrespectful when you're paying $15 + bucks for one stinky fish roll. When the waitress dropped the food off we didn't see her again, and we went for a weekday lunch with only a handful of people there. We had to hunt her down for the check. We had the credit card ready for her to take, but instead of running the card right away, she's carrying it while serving food and tea to other costumers. This whole "check issue" time she never says "thank you" or anything, just acts like a mime. Well, honey I hope you enjoyed your $2 dollar tip, because in poor America, where you now have to save and look forward to a $20 dollar sushi lunch, you best do your job well and work hard for your earnings like the rest of us do.
