If you want a Tru(e), top of the line dining experience... The best dining experience I have ever had. But with that said...I don't think I will ever need to go back. If I could give 4.5 stars I would. Let me start by saying that I am not a fancy dinner guy...I would prefer a steak over caviar on a cracker. However, I went to Tru with a totally open mind ready to try everything that they offered. My wife and I went on a Thursday evening, late at 9pm, and we left a little after midnight. We never ever felt rushed, I actually found the pace of the meal very enjoyable. Every single person on staff was providing the best possible service, though I think they could do better with where they store the clean wine glasses, they were constantly restocking a shelf with glasses right near our table. My wife had the Spring Collection and I had the Chef's Market Collection, and overall both were excellent. Each course offered showed GREAT attention to detail and presentation. Each dish had delicate mix of flavors, most of which I had never tasted. High points for us were: -Roasted White Asparagus, Shallots, Parmesan -Rabbit Consomm, Morels, Pea & Lavender Emulsion -Artichoke Emulsion, Trout Roe, Condensed Mint, Dende Oil As an un-experienced diner, I felt that each dish held a rather small portion, though I know that the taste and the presentation are just as important. (A piece of veal the size of a silver dollar is a little on the small side...I think a second piece could be spared.) However, after progressing through to the cheese course, you begin to become full. Then they hit you with a selection from over 15 different offerings of cow/goat/sheep's milk cheese, with widely different tastes. The cheese fills in the gaps in your stomach left by the smaller portions. THEN then hit you with desert, which is just as excellent as any of the dinner courses. And if you couldn't take any more, they bring out some small chocolates and some desert bread to fill in the open space on your plate. Now I can say that I have experienced the top of the line this city has to offer...but would I go back? Probably not, or at least not for a few years. It is just not my thing, and it is fairly cost prohibitive. When I go out for a nice dinner, I think around $100-$150 max for the two of us...and Tru is definitely far above that range. But more than the price, the style is just...too...fancy for me. Each dish is a work of art by itself and I think I would rather look at a pretty picture than stir it up and eat it in one or two bites.
