There's the conventional wisdom that after eating Chinese food, you'll be hungry again in 20 minutes. Yea, if you order from the crappy place in your local strip mall. I don't think I can go back to those days. Is Lao Sze Chuan the best Chinese restaurant in Chicago? Possibly. Is it the best I've ever had? Absolutely. A short walk from the Cermak-Chinatown Red Line stop gets your senses going as with all the restaurants along Archer, the entire neighborhood smells like Chinese food. Unlike the super-fried half-asseries common in most Chinese places, here, the Chinese food actually tastes like...you know....FOOD! But Spiceophobes beware. The name of the restaurant has "Sze Chuan" in it. You are in for some fire. For an appetizer, I had the Sze Chuan dry beef, which another member of our table aptly described as "Chinese Jerky." Perhaps accurate, but I kinda wish I had a bag of it that I could eat at my desk at work. Delicious. I can't accurately describe each of the entrees, because I grabbed them all and made it into a giant Sze Chuan mound on top of rice. The self-made melange consisted of Sole Fish cutlet in chili bean sauce, Salt and Pepper Prawns, Tony's Chicken with Three Chili (the clear winner at our table), that by the end left even this spiceophile reaching for his Tsing Tao to put out the flames. Baby Baicai with Mushrooms and a Crispy Sweet Potato dessert helped mellow out the end of the meal. The only complaint that I have is they screwed up our tabs, putting some drinks on other people's tabs, and giving our table fewer checks than we had people, then accusing our group that some people had not paid. Well yea, because you put the drink on another check.... In other circumstances, that could have been a lot more annoying. I would highly recommend Lao Sze Chuan for a date, or a group of friends, especially if you want to take your date or friends out of the sheltered purview of the North Side, but make sure you call ahead! By 7:30 the place was packed and they were turning away people at the door...ON A TUESDAY! Safe to say Lao Sze Chuan is the first Chinese restaurant in Chicago that left me feeling...full!
