Given the long nature of our dinner (15 courses plus amuse bouche and intermezzo spread over 4 hours), I'll share the highlights (good and bad) and spare you the uninteresting. I labored over whether this was a 4 star or 5 star experience, but settled on 5 because if you walk in knowing that you're going to pay a lot ($459 in my case for 2 people), then you can just focus on the chef's food; in this case, although not every dish was great, I could taste Graham Elliot's personality (even in the not so great dishes). That's not something you can say about most restaurants, and in this respect, I think he succeeds.  We ordered the REPERTOIRE (the ENTIRE menu). It's a lot of food, despite the small portions each dish comes in. I was food fatigued at the end.  FAVORITES: 1. wagyu tartare (asparagus salad + pommes frites + roasted porcini + bearnaise yolk) Just after being confused by the Tomato Panzanella, the wagyu tartare came out and wowed. Composed elegantly and certainly not confusing to eat. The bearnaise yolk was perfect and added a certain refinement to the dish. The flavors married together perfectly to create something new, and I can honestly say the wagyu was necessary in the dish (sometimes it's just an expensive ingredient tossed onto the menu to connote high quality).  2. corn bisque (spiny lobster + toasted coquito + vanilla marshmallow + micro chervil) This dish is served without the bisque at first and they come by to pour the bisque in. This was wildly successful-- if each ingredient were a color, imagine closing your eyes and seeing a different color pop into your head every couple seconds, and then have all of them come rushing into your mouth at the same time in a blend. Coconut shined through especially bright, and the bisque... oolala good. 3. ricotta and beets (this was a special on the house) Very, very small portion. Beets perfect and how did he get the ricotta to be SO EXTRAORDINARILY fluffy? 4. local whitefish (smoke mussel + potato confit + artichoke relish + lemon sabayon) The fish was slightly crispy on the outside, perfectly cooked on the inside. The mussels were so tender, I wasn't even sure they were mussels!! And the potato confit was poached in duck fat, which made them absolutely decadent. And sabayon that's properly whipped and not in the least bit runny -- A+. 5. king salmon (blis roe + garlic scape + shaved fennel + dill crema) Easily the winner of the night. The salmon is sous vide, and it literally melts in your mouth. I've had awesome salmon belly that basically melts in your mouth, but this took things to a whole other level. (Discarding all dirty images from your mind for a second), this was a party in your mouth.  MISSES: 1. tomato panzanella (baby arugula + grilled cioppolinni + ciabatta vinaigrette, caper powder) Served deconstructed. It was a classic Graham Elliot concoction right off the bat. However, I hate food that looks pretty but confuses the eater. Was I supposed to eat each component separately? Was I supposed to eat them together? Which components together? Each item was great, but I'll never know what they were supposed to taste like together. Also, the caper powder was literally smeared onto the plate with a finger (the smear was so small I almost missed it). It actually looked kind of like the plate was dirty. Fail. 2. deconstructed caesar (gem lettuce + brioche twinkie + white anchovy + parmesan fluff) Aside from a successful sauce with the familiar Caesar flavors but much more softened and refined, this fell on its face. The brioche twinkie didn't deliver in spite of its inspiring name, and the rest was just bland. The dainty white anchovy was delicious on its own, but didn't help the dish. Although it's touted as a Graham Elliot favorite, I can't see why that's the case, except perhaps it's easily the item on the menu with the highest mark-up. 3. jidori chicken (dirty rice + country pate + fried okra + gizzard jus) The skin on the chicken was crispy and nice, but the chicken itself dry. The dirty rice was crispy, but didn't add a needed texture and once you dug your fork into the dish, the rice scattered everywhere. 4. the desserts I thought they were all misses (or at the very least, unspectacular; downfall of all the Top Chefs, no?). The basil ice cream actually tasted like basil, which was cool... but their strawberries tasted like canned ones.  All in all, a meal I'll never forget. Well done Graham Elliot.
