I don't often say this - but I LOVE my brother. Yes, purely because he insisted that I go to Pequod's... it is BY FAR the best advice he has ever given me in his life. My friends and I made the trek over here on my brother's word alone. Yes, we were running later then we wanted to be for a show uptown more, yes it was freezing cold and raining, and yes we were having trouble finding a cab and ended up walking the whole way. and YES IT WAS WORTH IT. When we first walked into the place I thought we would be waiting for hours, but they lead us upstairs and all the way to the other end of the restaurant and sat us immediately. We explained we were in a bit of a hurry and the waitress did great bringing us all our drinks quickly and getting our order in - even with it being packed! They had a great beer list (something that is very important to me) and also had a pretty great special on a shot of whiskey with a beer - can't go wrong there! The pizza is absolutely delish! All the ingredients so fresh and the best sausage I think I've ever had on a pizza. The warm gooey cheesey meaty combination made the walk in the freezing rain a distant memory and all my troubles were gone. Yes. Its that good. The sauce? Phenomenal! the crust being made partially out of caramelized cheese??? ohhhhh my goodness! My advice is not to get anything bigger then a medium because it is SO filling. We couldn't really take it with us either because we didn't want to take it around to all the bars that night - it was pretty heartbreaking. A medium would have easily fed 4 people - we had two four the for of us (mostly because one of us was a vegetarian and we didn't want to miss out on this heavenly sausage - but still two smalls would have been more then fine!). I saw that someone wrote so not worth the wait. I know I didn't have to wait at all (thank goodness because we would have had to leave), but I would not be angry to wait an hour or two for this goodness! Get a drink while you wait and dream of the pizza that will be in your belly in the near future.
