Mercat a la Planxa is a great restaurant for a casual evening with a loved one or with a group of friends. The variety of tapas is similar to what you may have experienced at other tapas restaurants, but with a little upscale touch or twist to them.Upon arriving I was a little put off by the fact that some of the seats in the small entry-way bar were reserved. To my friends and I it was a little strange that there would actually be reserved seats in such a tiny space. Mercat a la Planxa has an extensive list of specialty cocktails as well as house-made sangria. We all opted for the sangria. It was good and multiples were ordered, but it was not outstanding. Having said that, at the time of our reservation we were escorted upstairs to the dining room which was like a breath of fresh air; two-story, lots of light and fun decor.At first, the menu can be a little intimidating even for someone who has had tapas many times before. Our waiter explained the menu to us and the layout of it made much more sense. The waitstaff was excellent, very attentive and more than willing to answer any questions that we had. I would describe the food as traditional tapas with a twist. An example would be that traditional bacon-wrapped dates are actually bacon-wrapped figs stuffed with almonds. This was definitely a favorite at our table. My table started off with approximately 4 -5 plates and kept one of our menus so that we could order more as we felt necessary. Our waiters recommended 3-4 plates per person and their recommendation was quite accurate. Please keep in mind that these are small plates. Some of them are much smaller than others. The pasta dishes are quite small.All of the food was delicious with a couple exceptions. Of course this is all based on individual taste. Presentation was excellent for all of the items we ordered as well as the items we saw arriving at other tables. One item that stood out as something that may need a little work was the walnut sorbet. After tasting it, I thought it tasted like something, but couldn't put my finger on it. My other half had the best description which I thought was incredibly accurate. They described the sorbet as tasting like Play-doh.My friends and I can't wait to go back to Mercat a la Planxa and try the many other items on the menu. We averaged approximately $60 per person for both food and drinks including tip. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for great tapas and a good time.
