Why update my five star review with another five star? Seriously it was just that good, one of the best meals I've had in recent memory....This place blows away its competition and in my mind the anti-Girl and the Goat. It's tucked away on Michigan ave, doesn't have a 3 month wait (the one downside to PP is it doesn't take reservations) and doesn't have the overhyped media exposure of a celebu-chef despite its Michelin status (Bib Gourmand award winner) which results in them blowing away my expectations every time (vs. being underwhelmed at G&G). We started with the pig ears, which were very good. Although it was a touch salty, it was very unique, thought out and well executed - like everything else I've had on this menu. We also tried the calamari, which was nothing like we expected. It was a light summer salad (think a seafood/couscous type salad, although there was no couscous), with the right combination of herbs, calamari, nuts and a few other things which we weren't sure what they were, but did not care. It was delicious, the right combination of textures and different fragrant herbs that really made this dish pop. Next we tried the bone marrow, which has been recommended by basically everyone. We both loved it, but wasn't sure if it was the marrow itself, or the rustic, artisinal fresh bread it came with which in itself was amazing. The bread turned out to be the perfect accompaniment to the best mussels I've ever had. The creme based sauce with panchetta and marjoram was so good, we were tempted to ask for a few shot glasses to make sure we were getting every last drop. Luckily the bread was a pretty damn good substitute. Finally, we got the pigs tails, which was the only repeat from my last review (and still as good as the first time around). We walked out of here for less than $30 a person (without booze) for one of the best meals I've had. It blew away my last trip to Publican and Girl & the Goat or any other restaurant in Chicago for that price point. It's going to be hard to not order the exact meal when I go back next time, but if PP has done anything its given me faith from straying from my personal favorites to try something new, without the fear of buyer's remorse once its all said and done.
