Time to reload my favorite Chinese spot. After a quick bout with Chinese lightning, Lao is open again! A nice remodel that features some tasteful updating, although I found the chairs terribly uncomfortable, but that may be by design. Tony doesn't want you sitting on your bloated ass while diners are waiting to spend their money. The bathrooms are the biggest improvement, although clean and new, maybe not the most efficient, but a nice surprise. Food was fresh and spot on as always, the potstickers were good, as was a beef and snow pea, very rich and the pods were among the freshest and most perfectly cooked I have had. I worked in the garden extensively over the past week and was really in the mood for veggies. I ordered the Szechuan vegetables, a simple preparation of stir fried veggies and some chicken stock (I think). While on many occasions this dish may have left me wanting something that had organs, it was perfect, a nice melange of very fresh vegetables perfectly cooked, the snow peas and bamboo shoots really stood out. This would be a nice dish to add to a large family style dinner to round out many of the heavy traditional Szechuan dishes. In the past my favorites have been the Pork belly with Tofu, a long braised rich decadent dish. Fried salt and pepper lamb, (My sons favorite food on earth) crispy and tender it defies logic, Three chili chicken with bone, remember those old Reese's peanut butter cup commercials where the chocolate and peanut butter crash into each other? Well sometimes the whole is greater than the parts, a southbound chicken slams into a north bound bag o hot peppers, garlic and ginger, there is a fire and from this tragedy comes a bowl of fiery goodness. Another great are the bok choy and black mushrooms, there are many variations, but this is simple and relies on the ingredients freshness, the green is super green, the black is like that brand new heavy metal shirt you bought back in '83, each item shines on it's own and the whole creation is Zenlike. Don't be shy ordering here, always get one dish more than you need, just to taste. Freshness is key here and if you are paying attention you will see what is wrong with many other Chinese restaurants.
