I'm Vietnamese, therefore I'm an expert, right? :) I have a bit of an "alternative" philosophy on Vietnamese restaurants (it probably applies to other ethnic restaurants too). You shouldn't expect to find "the best dish ABC ever" at any particular restaurant. At best, ethnic food can get close enough to mom's cooking. The rest depends on your own tastes... and your mom's. The real key to evaluating an ethnic restaurant, my mind, is how many good items they make and how consistent they are over many meals. I've been to Pho Xe Tang many times. They have a very impressive menu, with around 100 items. Many of the items are pretty darn good. I've always had a good meal there. The pho is consistently good. That ranks this place pretty high on my Vietnamese restaurant list. If I had to take someone to a Vietnamese place for the first time, I'd probably take them to Tank. That said, you can get a good bowl of pho at most of the restaurants on Argyle. Tank, 888, 777, Xe Lua, Tien Giang, Hai Yen... Pho is one of those dishes that requires you to cook for hours and hours. You have to keep on taste testing all the time - the flavor constantly changes. It's a delicate balance of beef bone juice, fish sauce, sugar, and water. Everyone's recipe is more or less the same. It's a matter of keeping the pot flavored over time and consistently delivering quality. If you think it's too salty, bland, or sweet, there are a bunch of condiments to choose from at the table. There's nothing wrong with doing that too; Vietnamese people understand that everyone flavors their pho a little differently. Once again, mom's pho is the best. Too bad your mom is different from my mom (I hope). Tank has other good items on the menu. Among the noodle soups, they make good Bun Bo Hue and Hu Tieu. The appetizers, such as egg rolls and spring rolls are fine (hard to mess up at a restaurant, really). They have some funkier appetizers like Banh Xeo (Vietnamese pancake) which are pretty darn good. I was a bit disappointed with the signature Vietnamese fish dish, Ca Kho To (Catfish in caramel sauce), though. The portions were tiny and not terribly tasty. Maybe they just get mostly pho and other soup requests so they don't have to make the rice / vermicelli dishes too good?  Tank can get a bit crowded. Even at off hours like 2-3pm, you'll see a lot of people there. It's a combination of Vietnamese and non-Vietnamese - a good sign of popularity. If you want a quieter place, you should go elsewhere on Argyle. The service may take a little getting used to, if you are too white-bred :) Sometimes you may have to share a table with strangers if it's crowded. If it's busy, you may have to flag down a waiter for requests, but the upside is that any of them will serve you. You also usually ask for the check or just go up to the cashier to pay. You'll see all these things in many Vietnamese restaurants. At any rate, I enjoy going to Tank quite a bit. I like to eat at all the places in Argyle and actually don't have a favorite pho place. But I always enjoy my meal at Tank. Hopefully you will too!
