Preface: I should note that I made my reservation using http://Savored.com which allowed for us to take 30% off our entire food and drink bill. The server handled this perfectly and brought out the pre-discount bill as well as the discounted bill so we were able to tip on the full amount (we left more than 20%, BTW). As I write this I am wondering if the hostess was rude to me because I made my reservation using that service, which the restaurant voluntarily participates in. I really hope that she was just having a bad night. If you read my other reviews, I really don't complain. I was really taken aback last night though. It's 8:26PM. Candice G., Dana G. and I were desperately trying to hail a cab to make it to our 8:30PM reservation at Gejas. No cabs in sight. Crap. I get on my phone right away at 8:26PM and apologetically let the hostess know that we were running approx 10-15 minutes late just as a cab rolls up for us to hop into. It is important for you to know that I hate being late for anything - it is rude and I do everything I can to be 5 minutes early or right on time no matter where I go. I also understand that at busy restaurants, late arrivals can ruin their whole schedule and cause issues. Therefore, anytime I am going to be late for a reservation at a restaurant (even 5 minutes), busy or not, I always call to let them know the situation and 99% of the time they are really appreciative of the phone call and very accommodating. Well, I guess Gejas prefers people not to call and fall into that 1% other category because when I called to explain my situation, I was scolded by the person who answered the phone and told in a rude tone that I was clearly going to be more than 10 minutes late and I needed to call back again once I was closer. I calmly stated that we were getting into a cab in River North and would be there in 10 minutes as I once again apologized for the inconvenience. We arrived precisely at 8:38PM, walking triumphantly to the hostess stand to announce our arrival. The look of shock on her face at our arrival EARLIER than my ETA was priceless. I love proving rude people wrong. Unfortunately, this conversation/interaction set a bad tone for how this meal might end up playing out for August 2011 Gurrls Nite. However, our server saved the day by treating us with respect and kindness. Our server arrived and she explained the fondue menu and how the whole experience would work. She was knowledgeable about the wine selection (we picked out a half price bottle of Chenin Blanc which was light, smooth and a nice compliment to the meal) and attentive - she definitely saved our evening from going down the tubes. She clearly explained how to properly cook everything and got our marshmallows roasting at the end perfectly. This was my second time doing fondue and I have decided that if I ever do fondue again, it will be for the appetizer and dessert courses only. This is due to the fact that it takes quite a long time to cook all of the food and it can be quite tedious when the veggies refuse to stay on the skewer. +'s of this experience: +Service was excellent +Live Guitar Music was soothing and not distracting +High Quality Food +Chocolate Fondue +Roasted Marshmallows +Chocolate Fondue +Strawberries +Chocolate Fondue (yes, I loved the chocolate fondue. Had there been a spoon on the table......well I'm sure you can imagine what I might have started doing) -'s of this experience: -Hostess tone of voice -My hair/clothes still smell like Gejas (the oil has a way of permeating through everything) This would have been a Four Star Review if not for my experience with the phone call. Maybe I should have just showed up 10 minutes late without calling. Who knows? To me, customer service is a huge aspect of any business, especially a dining experience. We could stay home and cook our own food, but we choose to go out and spend considerable money to eat in their fine establishment only to be scolded. Contact with the Hostess is a person's first impression of a place - I think that experience at Gejas could have been better.
