Chicago Q taking BBQ to the next level! Atmosphere: I had no idea what to expect before walking into q. I was thinking it would be a typical bbq joint, with picnic like wood tables, etc. Yeah, it is quite the opposite. Q has got to be the nicest BBQ place I've ever been too. from the chairs to the decor, very minimal, but very elegant! I was especially blown away by one of their private dining rooms, the Wine Room. Amazing doesn't being to describe it! Service: We had Rachel our first night and she was tremendous! Very nice and had a great sense of humor! She checked up on us a few times, chatted with us, and overall all made the whole experience very memorable! Food: OMG their competition ribs are mind blowing! The first night I was here, I had the competition St. Louis ribs, the Competition Baby Back, the regular half slab baby back and the regualr half slab of st. louis. In addition, our table ordered Mac & Cheese, mash potatoes, cole slaw, green beans and corn bread. To start off, their competition ribs are just amazing, especially the St. Louis Comps. They are super moist and very flavorful! And their mac & cheese definitely hit the spot. A little crunchy on top, rich and cheesy in the middle, my favorite. On the second night I was here, we found out they had...wait for it...KOBE BEEF RIBS and KOBE BEEF BRISKET! We came back the second night in a row just for these two! Let me start off by saying that until you've had kobe beef, simply describing the rich, juicy texture does it absolutely NO justice. After inhaling 1 rib, I felt like having a heart attack! AND IT WAS GREAT! The meat came right off the bone and was soo easily swallowed that biting was effortless. I'm salivating as I'm writing this... Price & Portion: While this place is not cheap like other bbq joints, the quality of food and the amount you get easily justifies the prices here. In fact, I'd be willing to pay a little more just to taste the amazing kobe ribs again....mmmmmm Overall: Great staff, awesome sous-chef Roberto, Amazing foood! I LOVE THIS PLACE. PERIOD
