Not what it used to be... We are locals who venture downtown once or twice a year to play tourist. We have frequently chosen The Dana Hotel for these staycations. Our first visit a few years ago was awesome. We were in love with its simplistic design and the great views from the corner rooms. Last year, we noticed the upkeep had started to slip a bit, but figured the hotel would quickly address them. Our visit this past weekend was just sad.  Not only is the hotel due for a renovation of sorts, but it is in need of some mega upkeep. The bedroom furniture is all banged up and scratched. The hallway carpeting on our floor was peeling back right in front of the elevator bank. We noticed this when we checked in and it was not addressed the entire weekend. This is ugly to begin with, but a huge trip hazzard to boot!!! We began inspecting the entire hallway carpet one morning while waiting for the elevator (more on that to come) and noticed none of the lines in the carpet were lined up and there was a ripple effect all down the hallway. The carpeting needs to be replaced...plain and simple. One thing I have always hated about the rooms is the bathroom. It has an open shower which means that you can see the other person showering. Fine...whatever. This also means that you can see clearly the other person using the toilet. Come on. Absolutely nothing sexy about that. The flimsy "shower curtain" which is located on the bedroom side outside of the shower is just ridiculous and doesn't fully cover the glass. The elevators blow!!! I wish it was as simple as blaming the party goers to Vertigo Sky on the top floor, but the elevators are an issue when Vertigo is not opened. You wait FOREVER for an elevator and when it arrives it is jammed pack full of people. We got so fed up that we would just take the stairs down. We were on a floor in the 20's and though we only took the stairs down I can barely walk today due to my calves hurting so freaking bad from the many ventures down the stairs!!! The majority of the staff are very friendly and helpful. The only real odd encounter was one of the times we actually got an elevator ride. The elevator stopped on a floor and an employee got half way in the elevator and decided to talk on the walky talky while the elevator doors kept trying to close. We were all just staring at him. Not once did he apologize or say excuse me or whatever...nothing. Just held us all up and then eventually got in and rode up with us. One of the positives about this hotel is that the mini bar/fridge items are fairly decently priced. A big plus if you want a quick beer, bottle of wine, or quick snack. Another plus is its lcoation...you can walk to tons of restaurants/bars, etc. Doubtful that we will return to the Dana unless we hear that they have done some sort of overhaul.
