First off, if you think $250 is a completely acceptable rate for a hotel room, if you own $500 shoes, and if your monthly dining budget rivals the GDP of a small country, you can stop reading my review now. If dropping a few hundred dollars on dinner is a very special occasion for you, if you live on a smaller budget and if you balk at spending $20 on a single glass of wine, then you and I have something in common and you might find my review useful. For our 3 year anniversary, my husband and I decided to bite the bullet and cough up the cash for Tru. He'd been wanting to come here for ages, and it was either here or L20 (despite my repeated suggestion that we go back to Bonsoiree, which we loved and is BYOB and is only $85 for 8 courses). To stretch out the evening a bit, since we knew Tru would be our only activity for the night, we decided to arrive a few minutes early and have a drink in the lounge. Don't bother. 1) The lounge isn't like a bar, it's really just a collection of love tables with kind of uncomfortably soft chairs. 2) it's insanely expensive. The cheapest beer was like $12. $14 for a Sam Smith Porter?! So I ordered a glass of wine, Barbera d'Asti, which was phenomenal and I think around $12. My husband's drink, the apertif, was $17 (but excellent). Once sat at our table, we were asked if we wanted champagne. As the cheapest glass was $20 and the bottle of Barbera d'Asti was $60, we decided to jump right into the bottle. We started our three course prix fix with an amuse bouche, which was not very amuse-ing and then out came the appetizers. I went with the langoustine, which was one big langoustine in a boulliabasse broth with some kind of mouse and boiled potatoes. The langoustine was good, but I've actually had better prepared much more simply. Husband had the steak tartare with egg and truffle. It was fantastic, and the first time we'd ever had tartare. We also added in another course - the wagyu beef ravioli with foie gras in a beef broth (for $25). Skip it. The pasta was a bit overdone, the wagyu didn't taste like anything more than beef, and the broth was underwhelming. The foie was awesome, but...it's foie, it's easy for it to be awesome. For our entrees, I had the beef ribeye with foie gras. The beef was good, the jus was good, the mushrooms were well done, and the foie again was great. It was all good. But I didn't take a bite and think "oh my god, is the good". Luckily, my husband's lamb was fanfreakingtastic. I stole about half of it with no shame. When it was time for dessert, I was presented with a problem. I hate fruit desserts. To me, it's not dessert unless it's chocolate, and all the desserts had fruit in them. We'd made a note of this when we made the reservation, but still they could do nothing for me.....except tell me I should have come last week when they had a amazing chocolate mousse. Um, thanks. So I had a small cheese plate while my husband enjoyed his apple dessert. He had a fantastic Irish coffee while I had a glass of Muscato d'Asti. Then came the famed dessert cart. It had about 6 or 7 offerings on it. I took the only 3 that didn't have fruit in them - a champagne macaron (meh, and I love macarons), a chocolate truffle which it turns out did have raspberry in it, and a canele, which was just okay. So no, I didn't get to experience any of Gale's famous amazing desserts. On the way out, they also gave us a fruit muffin to take home. It was good, but no better than what you'd find at most bakeries. So the food....it was okay. 3.5 maybe 4 stars. But the service, hot damn the service was amazing. We sat right by the service station and loved being able to watch the orchestration of the service. The servers always arrived in tandem to remove plates, as soon as you stood up, your napkin would be removed and replaced with a new one. On my way to the bathroom I was asked 3 times if I needed assistance. As soon as I re-entered the room, someone arrived at my table to pull out my chair. I literally felt like we were being waited on hand and foot. The level of service was simply outstanding, and I get that part of the food and drink prices reflect that, but still, when my dinner clocks in at $440 (with tax and tip), I just expect a little more. I should have a meal that tastes so good I'm still thinking about it weeks later. It's the next morning and already the details are getting fuzzy. Maybe I'm being a bit harsh, but for the price, I just expected more.
