Oh my steak. Came here last night for our 6 monthiversary and really enjoyed it. I had made reservations and they had asked if it was a "special occasion" so I said, "yes, an anniversary!". The place had a typical steakhouse ambiance - somewhere in between a stuffy "old school" steak house and one of those ultra-modern steakhouses. (Also, the bathrooms were very nice.) Our waiter, Jason, was very good. Answered all our dumb questions about the different cuts of meat. To start, I had a peartini (seriously pretty good!) and my gf had a glass of shiraz. I ordered the "Kinzkie Cut" (flat iron) and my gf ordered the Kansas City. We also shared two sides: The bacon&scallion smashed potatoes, and the creamed spinach parmesan. The food was brought out SO quickly! It must have been less than 10 minutes! The steaks were cooked to our liking and the sides were delicious. But then I tried my steak and it had the weirdest flavor. I am sure it's probably because I wasn't used to this cut of meat but it had a very bad aftertaste. I tried to take another few bites, but it just wasn't good. I tried some of my gf's Kansas City steak and that was delicious. I didn't want to be an annoying customer, so I didn't say anything when the waiter came over and asked how it was. However, the manager (Dan) must have seen my face when I was eating the steak and came over and asked if everything was OK. I finally broke down and told him I didn't like the taste and he immediately offered to bring me something different. I asked for the Kansas City and within a few minutes, he brought it out. SERIOUSLY AWESOME. I mean, that's excellent service. I did feel like a tool for sending something back, but it was so worth it - the KC steak was just what I had wanted and very delicious. For dessert, we split the Flourless Chocolate Cake, which they had decorated with a "Happy Anniversary" on the plate. Very cute. This was comped since it was our anniversary -- also pretty nice of them. All in all, it was a wonderful experience and I will go back again.
