I have been to The Gage twice. My first experience was four star, and yesterday's was two. So I am averaging things out. The first time I went to The Gage was over a year ago. I had just helped my friend Mike pick out an engagement ring for his now wife, and after the fact he needed a strong drink. We wandered over to The Gage, having no idea what it was, and bellied up to the bar. It was a Tuesday or Wednesday night around 6:30 and the place was empty. The bartender was friendly, we took a bunch of shots of Jameson, and ordered some appetizers. I had the fondue, he had the infamous egg. The fondue was great--the egg scared me so I did not try it because I thought I would have a heart attack on the spot if I did. I noted that this was a place to definitely come back to for a low key happy hour. But after last night, I am thinking that our experience back last September was because the place was still new and perhaps a bit unknown... Last night (a Friday) two friends and I headed to The Gage, right at 5:00. We walked in and couldn't believe how crowded the place was. The bar area was packed, so much so that we had to slither through one at a time to get to the back area, which was slightly more clear. It took forever to get our drinks ($8 Absolut & sodas that seemed not to have a drop of alcohol in them). The bartender was the kind of asshole you expect at John Barleycorn--did not utter a word, looked at me like my drink order was annoying to him, and did not crack a smile or even make an attempt at making me feel as though I mattered. Last time I checked, YOU are the one serving ME...get off your high horse, dude. Eventually we were able to score a small bar table at the front of the room. Our waitress was nice enough but didn't say much. We commented to her on how weak the drinks were and she stated, "I hear that a lot." Hm. Long story short, we decided to leave because our table was directly in the path of the huge crowd at the bar and all of us kept getting knocked into. It was also so loud that we literally had to shout to hear each other. Usually I have a great time at crowded bars, but this particular crowd, coupled with the service and poor excuses for drinks guaranteed that I will not be going there on a Friday again.
