There are lots of restaurants in Chicago that get by simply because of their location. There are others that get by for a little while on the Chef's name and being the "hot spot." Finally, there are some that succeed because they deliver or over deliver on expectations. Graham Elliot is the latter. Background: Dinner on a Friday night - 8:30 p.m. Here's my breakdown of basic components: Overarching theme - Unique new American cuisine. Food - Everything we tried was delicious. The chef lets the ingredients shine without over seasoning. The flavor combinations may seem odd, but they work perfectly. Loved the saffron risotto - the big surprise in this dish was the crispy calamari. The flavor balanced with the other ingredients and while visually you could tell it was fried calamari, the breading was unbelievably light, letting the flavor of the calamari shine. I could go on and on about each dish, but for the sake of brevity, I'm stopping at one review. Service - AMAZING. The server was attentive without being over bearing. New his wines, what they paired well with, and was clearly passionate about the food. He was very familiar with all the intricacies of a menu that had been out just over a week and made great suggestions. If there is one component of the total experience that out shined all others it was the service. Wine / Cocktails - They had some very unique cocktails, although we stuck to wine this night. The bottle list is limited and very expensive (I want to say $200+ a bottle). We stuck to wine by the glass where you can stay between $9 and $14. The wine was delicious. I'm a big red wine drinker, but decided to follow the servers suggestions on whites and wasn't disappointed. Decor - Stylish without trying too hard. Tables are somewhat close, but turned out not to be an issue. Good for a date or a smaller group dinner -- Once you get up over 8 people I can see space being an issue. Cost - This is a high quality restaurant. For the quality of the experience I think it's a great value. No entrees over $33. Wine by the glass was typically priced. Wine by the bottle was expensive. If I could change one thing I wish they would offer some $50 - $90 bottles. You can definitely go all out at Graham Elliot for a lot less $$ than some of Chicago's other top restaurants. Selection - Yes, the menu is on the shorter side. However, it seems the theme of this restaurant is "do fewer things and do them very, very well."
