This is everything I ever wanted in a bar and more. You see, I heard about this place 5 years ago when I was about to turn 21. I was determined to have my 21st here as my first legit drink. But I'm queue-phobic, especially during a Chicago winter. Five years and many many legit drinks later, I finally made it. It was actually pretty easy to find -- look for the yellow light on the edge of the block, last notable place before a strip mall with the Lou's in it. First -- the moment you step into the actual bar, past an unmarked door and 2 heavy drapes -- you smell this incredible honey-gin-lavender scent. Though I'm not a gin kinda girl, this particular smell was incredibly intoxicating. It's a smell I could huff all day, a smell I wish I could bottle and take with me, a smell that IS the Violet Hour. Then -- you are seated in a series of tables with the high backed chairs creating intimacy with an ounce of voyeurism. Your conversations feel intimate yet you can still see other patrons if you glimpse through the chairs. Two chairs. A table. A candle. A bottle of water. And drinks that will tickle all of your senses. Add a dash of conversation and you have the beginning of a great night. I want - no. I NEED more Violet Hour in my life. Winter Julep Mint on the nose, made with rum. A little too boozey for me. Mulled Cider Cardamom perfection. Not too sweet. Well rounded and full of warmth. Austin 75 Hibiscus syrup, vodka, sparkling, orange. I didn't get any of the floral, just a pleasing energizing citrus flavor. Really wakes up the taste buds. Coffee Ayay Looks like it will be a hot drink, but it's cold -- it's smooth, and warms you up with the flavors. Juliet and Romeo As I mentioned above -- I hate gin. Or so I thought I hated gin. This drink mellows out gin's usually overpowering juniper berry taste. The cucumber's coolness, the rose nose, and the mint. It's so refreshing. I could drink a million of these. I am now much more open to gin drinks because of this incredible creation. And the most amazing drink I've ever had: the Gilded Cage Tito's vodka, lemon, Peychaud's bitters, honey and egg white. EGG WHITE? In a DRINK? If I never made meringue before, I would probably avoid any drink made with egg white. But knowing that egg whites give a silky mouth feel without the weight of cream -- I had to know how it worked in a drink. The egg white adds a whole new dimension to a cocktail -- mouthfeel. The Gilded Cage is the perfect vodka cocktail. All others pale in comparison. Way to raise the bar to new heights, Violet Hour. Overall, we spent $72 (without tip, after taxes) on 6 amazing and well crafted drinks. No cover, decent service, and an atmosphere unlike anything else? Then this place is a bargain. We came before 10pm, service was spotty at times, and did not wait in line. When we left on a Sunday at 10:30pm there was some line, but still inside. My only regret is not coming sooner.
