I really don't get what all the hype is about with this place! Went with my husband & another couple on Sat. night - 2.5 hour wait at 6:15, to be expected. We went back to our friend's place nearby and they said they'd call us when we were getting close to the top - great feature! We surprisingly got a call at 7:30, saying that several people had cancelled so we would be the next table. So, we rushed back over - and proceeded to wait. And wait. There was a check down at the table that was supposed to be ours - and the people at the table continued to sit there, drinking water, well after they were done with their meal, while the check just sat there. Pretty unbelievable, considering it was a Sat. night and there was a mass of people waiting for a table! And the place is tiny. They never did get up (unreal), so we were finally seated over an hour later in the back room (which is actually much better than the front area - bigger tables, more room and quieter). So it worked out, even though we were obviously starving by the time we sat down. On to the food... we ordered 4 small plates & 4 large plates, on the advice of our server. He then brought out a little crab salad amuse bouche, which was delicious! Based on that, we were very excited for the meal. And that's where it went downhill. Here's what we ordered and our verdict on each... -Buffalo frog legs - nothing special -Marrow - again, nothing special -Ricotta Gnuddi - these were interesting... but kind of dry. I was the only one at the table who was a fan - I really liked the sauce that came with it. -Shrimp & grits - could have been good - but the shrimp was SO. SALTY. Bordering on inedible. The grits were great, but if you happened to some shrimp with it, the salt killed them. There was a poached egg on top which we broke, but then there was no bread to dip into it, and tough to eat with a fork. Kind of strange. -Flat Iron Steak - Decent, but the meat had kind of a strange texture. They serve it very rare, so be prepared.  -Fluke - Totally blah, and again, super salty. -Cauliflower & Lentils - exactly what it sounds like. Not much flavor. -Pork Shoulder - could have been good, but the meat was a bit dry. Needed some sauce, maybe. Luckily, the desserts redeemed the meal a bit - esp. since I am a HUGE dessert person! We got the pineapple upside down cake (AMAZING), and the chocolate tart (pretty delicious).  So - overall, not that impressed. I was expecting so much more from a Michelin-rated spot. However, I will say that the prices were totally reasonable. We obviously ordered a lot, plus a couple drinks each - and the total (before tip) was about $50 per person. I was just hoping to be blown away... and wasn't.
