We recently spent another stay at The Radisson Aqua Blu. LOVED IT AGAIN! This time we were put in a corner room overlooking the outdoor pool and walkway path. This room is definitely brighter than the last room we stayed in since it had huge windows everywhere, outside balconies and full hardwood floors. We also had a direct view of Navy Pier and were able to see the lights at the pier at night. Just beautiful. The room is huge and has a separate area for working with a small tv, desk and refrigerator/stocked bar in it. This room also had a shower and tub we used nightly. The tub was really large and deep. Their beds and pillows are awesome and so soft. The best part of the rooms are that they are extremely quiet and you never hear people walking through the hallway, EVER. The weather was nice enough for us to enjoy the outside area. We went for a walk on the pathway that goes around the whole building and were pleasantly surprised by the sponge walkway. If you are a jogger it will definitely keep you from jarring your legs! We ate at Filini restaurant for breakfast, lunch and dinner during our stays and have loved every meal we have been served. We have eaten at many restaurants and Filini definitely is one of our favorites. The meals are excellent, gourmet and priced very typical of a Chicago restaurant. When you sit down they bring cheese and bread to snack on while waiting for your meal. The bar is our favorite also. They have huge booths for groups and the bar is just inviting and very beautiful. We had appetizers and drinks and the appetizers were extremely good. We had the marinated olives, meatballs and eggplant parmesan. Everything was seasoned perfect and perfect size for an appetizer. We love to get a drink from the bar and then go to the lounge area with the full length fireplace. The couches make you want to lay down and sleep they are so comfortable and cozy. The staff we encountered are always nice and very helpful. Bob, the doorman is always on task and available in a second. We pick this hotel due to how beautiful and comfortable the whole hotel is. Usually something suffers somewhere but there are no issues that I have found with this hotel. This hotel is placed perfectly for walking tourists. We were able to get to all the areas such as Navy Pier and Michigan Avenue within 15 -20 minutes. Definitely saves money on having to get taxis.
