We stayed at the Crowne Plaza during a recent Chicago visit in late July. This is mid-market for downtown Chicago but the hotel is in a terrific location on the Magnificent Mile within walking distance to shopping, restaurants and Navy Pier. A 24 hour Walgreens is two blocks away. Overall we were very happy with the experience. Service - just outstanding. Everyone was exceedingly helpful and we were immediately upgraded to a suite since my wife and I were traveling with two children. Questions were easily answered and any minor problems were quickly addressed. Staff tried very hard to accommodate all our requests. See below. Room Quality - solid if not spectacular. Beds were comfortable. Plenty of room. Bathrooms were clean. Refrigerator is a full mini-bar with no room for anything else. We took things out to put our own drinks in. Initially we were billed for the things we took out because, evidently, if you move items it activates a sensor. The staff was very nice about it and took the charges off the bill. They even comped us the 2-3 snacks my kids ate. Hard to complain about that. TV was a little small but who, eh, really cares. Go do stuff. Amenities - my kids loved the rooftop pool and went up there almost every day. I never made it but the kids said it was great. Free WiFi! - you can't take this for granted any more. Very easy to use. Slower than optimum but not unduly so. This was a factor in choosing the hotel, if you can believe that. Business Center - Lower marks for the business center. Internet was unbelievably slow and problems were encountered because of the odd customized browser installed which led to unnecessary complications with printing and disabling pop-up blockers. Not to pick on the Crowne, since this is an endemic irritation with most hotel business centers. Make sure you aren't in a hurry (e.g. rushing to buy and print event tickets) if you use this. The printer looked brand new though! Pricing was highly competitive given the location. We booked through a Travelocity deal. We would absolutely stay here again.
