I'm a little torn here about how to rate Nana. Food alone gets a well deserved 5 stars. Everything else lacked some. So let's break it down..... Food: 5+ stars Service: 2 stars - max. Ambiance: 4 stars That comes out to an average of 3.67 stars so I guess I'll round up. Let me elaborate. Food: Nana's food is by far, some of the best local and organic dishes I've had. Everything was extremely fresh and came from local farms (Nichol's, Gunthorp, 312 Aquaponics). Restaurants that support local agriculture make me and my belly extremely happy. Four of us met for brunch on Mother's Day and ordered way too much food for 4 people, plus a few drinks, and damn near devoured it all. So obvs, we loved it. The grand menu.... // Garden Omelet - seasonal veggies, mushrooms, home fries, grilled sourdough, seasonal jam and butter, farm greens // Nanadict - poached eggs, chorizo, pupusas, poblano cream, farm greens, home fries // Grilled Laughing Bird Shrimp & Fried Oyster Po' boy - cajun mayo, giardiniera, baguette, arugula, duck fat-roasted potatoes // Grilled Hanger Steak "Chimichurri" - cauliflower puree, grilled ramps, yuca fries, meyer lemon // Side of biscuits & duck gravy // Side of cheddar and poblano grits // Side of roasted beets with goat cheese // Side of truffle mac 'n cheese with bacon Yep. We pretty much ate all of that. Obnoxious, I know. I had the garden omelet. Hands down, best I have ever had. It was packed full of green veggies - green beans, pea pods, fiddle head ferns, asparagus, and spinach. It was ridiculously good and prepared just how I like it. The eggs were cooked through and the veggies were laying nicely in between the fold. Like a taco. It came with a nice arugula salad and some fresh fruit. De-lish. I wasn't overly impressed with the biscuits & duck gravy or truffle mac, which are a few of the faves on the menu. They were good, don't get me wrong, I think I just prefer the southern style as opposed to these fancy pants versions. However, the cheddar/poblano grits were to die for, as well as the roasted golden beet salad with goat cheese. On to the booze. I knew I had to have one of their infamous Roasted Poblano Bloody Marys. Holy delciousness in a glass. This was the best bloody mary I've ever had. This wasn't made with the premixed crap out of the bottle. The ingredients were the freshest of fresh, and the pureed poblanos added a sweetness to the slight kick the drink had. And a note to the wise, don't drink one on an empty stomach. I was spinning half way through the glass. That puppy was strong! Dark and Stormy, "Creole" Manhattan, and "Back of the yards" Campari and Soda also made a cameo during brunch. Service: Here's where I have some angst. I fully understand that it was Mother's Day, and probably busier than usual. However, I feel like Nana failed to anticipate and prepare for that. Our reservations were running way behind, the kitchen was extremely backed up, and by the time we were seated at 1pm, nearly all of the specials ((including the sweet potato donuts and chicken & waffles)) were sold out. Seriously?? How do you run out of your most popular items?? I guess Gunthorp Farms can't pump out those chickens fast enough! ((Although I'd rather have no chicken, than chop shop chicken)). It was a major disappoint since some of the specials were things we had wanted to try. Props for being up front about it, at least. From the time of order to the time to table was a good hour. It was ridiculous. When we finally did get the food, there were little elements missing. For example, the roasted gouda cheese on my bloody mary accoutrement stick, or the delicious homemade jam for my toast. Sometimes it's the little things that make the dish. Our waitress was very friendly and apologetic, but you could tell she was somewhat stressed and wasn't quite attentive as she could have been. My overall opinion: Nana itself is cozy and quaint. It's a great spot for brunch, a get together, or a date. The food itself is phenomenal, but the service lacks. Would I go back? Of course! I'll suck up the crappy service to an underestimated busy Mother's Day. However, I wouldn't come starving. Good things come to those who wait, right?! Hopefully my next experience will allow me to ramp up my review to 5 stars.
