Hi, my name is Krystyna and I am a casado freak. I admit it. It's an addiction.  After coming back from Costa Rica in January, I make sure to stop by Irazu at few times a month so that I don't completely miss the flavors of Costa Rica. Plus, it reminds me that I only have to wait T-29 days before I head back. If only my favorite soda hadn't burned down in the interim. I'm on a search now for a new favorite to replace my Costa Rican soda obsession! Irazu, though, is the perfect thing to tide me over. This is a neighborhood joint and it is almost always packed in the evenings. A mom-and-pop-owned BYO with a homey feel. You might be seated at bar-height tables or a picnic bench. The decor is slightly cluttered but spotlessly clean and reminiscent of Costa Rican sodas. Make sure to arrive with you entire party, otherwise you won't be seated...  You might as well make friends with other Irazu lovers while you wait. Often, you're holding a conversation with a person pressed up against you while waiting for an empty table. It's almost....it's almost... like that slightly-creepy dude who presses up against you on the bus during your daily morning commute. You just have to learn to embrace it because the reward is so great. The shakes, sandwiches, and casados are yummy; so, too, are its sides. The pepito sandwich with avocado is delicious and big enough that you can eat half and save the rest for later. Plus, at $4.95 a pop, it's too good a deal to pass up. Order a side of platanos. Depending on their ripeness, you might end up with firm, french-fry textured pieces of sweet banana or something smoother, more caramelly and infinitely sweeter. Like Dan D. said in his review, the must-try dish is the "Casado." It is the staple of true Costa Rican cuisine. Prepare yourself for a feast for your taste buds, your eyes, and a sigh of relief from your wallet.  When you order casado, you get the smorgasboard: rice and beans, an over-easy egg, some sort of cabbage salad, platanos (a slightly denser, more sweet variety of banana) and a choice of meat or fish. I usually get the fish and I couldn't be happier with my selection. The fish is flaky, tender, and never over-cooked. No matter which dinner place you get, make sure to try the Lizano salsa from the sides menu. This is a condiment that is served with almost every meal and it truly complements most flavors in the Costa Rican kitchen. If you stop by on the weekend, be sure to try the red snapper special. To quote Rachel Zoe (not that I often do, but....) "I DIE" it's so delicious. If you want to miss the crowd and feel up to a heavier, savory breakfast or brunch, stop by and try the Gallo Pinto. For $5.50, it's a brunch steal!
