I brought my girlfriend here for our anniversary, and I'm delighted that I did.Atmosphere is incredibly romantic. Between the wine-bottle decor, low-but-sufficient candlelight, and live spanish guitar, the place oozes romance. Based on other reviews, I specifically requested a booth, which offered us lots of intimate privacy (at least visually -- I could hear conversation from the booth behind us pretty clearly, but not to the point of being bothersome), but looking out at the regular tables they didn't seem as crowded as other reviews had made them out to be anyway. Bonus: They had a nice card waiting on our table for our anniversary :-).Food was excellent. We both ordered premiere dinners, with come with a salad, cheese fondue, an main (oil) course with meat, veggies, and dipping sauces, and chocolate fondue for dessert. I think the cheese fondue was the highlight -- a delightful blend of gruyere and swiss with a basket of breads and fruits. The steak, chicken, shrimp, and lobster in our main course were all excellent. I didn't find most of the dipping sauces all they are talked up to be, but a few of them were particularly good and that's all you need. I'm a weirdo who doesn't care for chocolate, but my girlfriend loved the dark chocolate dessert. They initially ignite the chocolate fondue so you can roast a marshmallow on it and make s'mores, which I thought was a nice touch that added to the romance and novelty of the experience. The strawberries in the dessert basket were bland but the other treats were fine. Even without eating much dessert, I was stuffed to the gills by the end -- while the meat portions of the main course had looked small initially, once everything starts adding up in your stomach the meal proves quite a lot.Service could not have been better. Our waitress was friendly and helpful in walking us through the whole meal, and she helped us pick out the perfect bottle of wine despite my complete ignorance on the subject. Even the busboy was adorable and charming.My only complaint about Geja's is that the prices, straight off the menu, are pretty high for what you get. Yeah, the food is excellent and there is enough of it to utterly stuff you, but the meal component that really merits sky-high prices -- the meat -- makes up a relatively small proportion of the meal. As much as I enjoyed the meal, if I had to pay full price I think I would have considered it unreasonable. Fortunately, Geja's offers coupons and specials very regularly. At least right now, you get a $25 coupon for liking their Facebook page, and they advertise other promotions on the Facebook page as well. If you sign up for their newsletter, it seems they email you coupons of similar value frequently. With $25-30 off I think the place is worth it for a romantic occasion. Just don't make the mistake I did and forget to calculate your tip based on the pre-coupon price! Considering how great the service was, when I realized my mistake the next day I felt like a real jerk.
