I've had good Italian food my entire life. Of course I would, my grandfather was from Sicily and all the good family recipes have been passed down to my mom, who is my favorite chef in the world. Also, I grew up in St. Louis, and have eaten meals on The Hill (the Italian community), so yes, I know good Italian food. However... Nothing could possibly top the food we had at Caro Mio off Wilson Ave. This BYOB place is small, fitting maybe 30 people maximum in the restaurant. Due to it's small size, it was pretty loud, a little cramped, and our waiter sometimes seemed to forget we were sitting in the corner. HOWEVER, after a long wait for our food, it was completely and utterly worth it. It is hands down the best Italian food I've had ever. The dish I ordered, the pappardelle with mushrooms and wine based cream sauce, was the winner of the table. (We all shared, family style) So flavorful and rich that I could only manage a quarter of the huge portion before I was full, and even after everyone at the table had their fill of mine, there was enough left over for another meal.The second place winner was the evening's special, gnocchi stuffed with cheese and topped with a mild creamy tomato sauce and parmesan cheese. Third place was the Eggplant Parmigiano, which was good, but very garlicky. Last place was the spicy veal, which I obviously cannot attest to how it tasted- I would never eat veal. As a closer, we all shared the house-made tiramisu. Which was topped with scoops of vanilla bean gelato. It disappeared in seconds. At which point we all lapsed into food comas, holding our full stomachs, groaning at the deliciousness and richness of the meal we just gorged on. This place is more pricey, about $20 a plate, but they do serve complimentary bread with olive oil and chopped garlic, and it's BYOB, so bring as much wine/beer/alcohol as you want, and they give you a tub filled with ice to keep it cold. Despite the somewhat slow service, I would definitely recommend this place to anyone. I also like the local art displayed on the walls for sale. Best meal I've had in a long time.
