My taste buds were saying Hallelujah! A friend recommended having dinner at Nana for a BYOB dinner which are always so much fun. We traveled to Comiskey Territory to sample Nana's recently opened dinner service. Known for its brunch, Nana's dinner service did not disappoint. We started with a cheese platter of fantastic fragrant cheeses, figs, and nuts and the Blue Cheese was so good I wanted to take a bath in it! We also tried the Heirloom Tomatoes with their fresh organic basil drizzled with balsamic vinegar which had my taste buds doing a happy dance. There is nothing better than a fresh tomato dish to announce the beginning of summer. We were also delighted by Asparagus topped with foraged mushrooms which is a stand out. This is organic food at its best, fresh and simple and oh so tasty! We enjoyed the bright and charming atmosphere while aromatic wafts from the open air kitchen piqued our curiosity of what was yet to come. Our server was attentive and made some stellar recommendations for our entrees. He was so spot on about the delectable Pork Shoulder topped with citrus slaw that I had to high- five him for a perfect selection made. I tried a friend's quail dish and thought the flavor was sup rising and incredibly tasty. I had to arm wrestle her for her drop biscuit and actually won because she was too full from devouring the whole quail dish. You know a good meal, when your dining partners are moaning and giving you head nods of isn't this fantastic or when others are begging you to try their dish because they are so surprised by the dynamic flavors. Just when you thought you couldn't have room for dessert our server brought out a creamy chocolate mousse and a pastry platter with Oreo cupcakes, oatmeal chocolate chip cookies that you swear your grandma made, rhubarb lemon crepes and coconut macaroons. And get this, Whiskey Bacon Chocolate....are you kidding me?! ?! It was a sweet and savory explosion in my mouth! Yum! What a meal. I recommend Nana for a romantic dinner date or even with a group of people. You gotta love a good BYOB! I promise that your taste buds will be thanking you and begging you to return. It's hard to find a truly organic restaurant that celebrates local flavors and farms. The food may actually turn me into a Sox fan and that's saying a lot!
