I was lucky enough to come here for dinner one night and it was much better than I expected. I walked into the place and saw the bar and a few tables and thought it was just another Irish pub. That quickly changed when my dining companion and I were lead to our table, past the bar, and in a very swank feeling dining area all light up with tea lights everywhere. We got a booth big enough to seat 6, even though it was just 2 of us. I felt like we were royalty or something in our very large private booth. Our server greeted us and was fantastic. He picked out the perfect glass of bubbly for me, he told us the specials and made recommendations and gave us time to order. We ended up ordering the Wild Mushroom soup to share, I got the Red Wine Roasted Chicken, and dining companion got the Elk dish. The Wild Mushroom soup was amazing. I'm not a soup person. Nor am I a mushroom person. I loved it. It had a bit of beet sauce and asparagus with it, I don't like those either. I will repeat, I loved this soup. My chicken was so tender and so good. It came with some stuff on the side and the dish as a whole was perfect. There was a piece of white meat and a piece of dark meat, both of which were cooked to perfection. I ate both of them, I don't like dark meat. Even the skin was good. I don't usually eat the skin because it often tastes a little weird, but I ate the skin too. The elk, I wasn't going to try it, but dining companion made it hard to say 'No.' So I tried it, and it was...really good. It was a nice big serving of elk, which it should be if you are paying $40+ for it. It was accompanied with frozen red grapes rolled in sugar, I thought it was a strange pairing but they went surprisingly well together. There was also a little dish of mashed potatoes that were exceptional. I'm really picky about mashed potatoes and I could have eaten the entire dish. But I am a lady, and ladies don't do that sort of thing. Overall it was a 5 star experience from the start to the end. There is a coat check downstairs, which the hostess took our coats down there for us. If you get the chance to dine here, I highly recommend it!
