I think we probably waited for about an hour total, between waiting in line for a table and waiting for the food itself, before we ate. My expectations were running pretty high while we waited, because I could literally see that the line of people waiting to eat was not shortening despite the fact that it was 3 or 4 in the afternoon. I live in NYC and I'm currently visiting my sister in Chicago. I've visited Chicago before, but this was the first time since being active on Yelp. According to Chicago Yelpers, Mexican food in Chicago is great and I should visit one of Rick Bayless' restaurants. Originally my sister and I wanted to go to Frontera Grill. Unfortunately for us, they were closed during that middle-of-the-afternoon time period that we arrived. So we went next door to XOCO. The hostess told us it would be about 25 to 30 minutes to get a table. We considered for a few seconds whether or not to stay, and I thought, yeah if this many people think the food is worth the wait, the food should be good. So we got in line. We started looking at the menu while we were in line, and I was undecided between the carnitas torta and the chorizo torta. Being the social media addict that I am, I quickly sent out both a tweet and a facebook status update asking for opinions. By the time we got to the front of the line, I still had no replies. My friends and twitter followers are useless. Fortunately I noticed the Daily Special Tortas menu on the wall and saw that the day's torta was Goat Barbacoa. And that sounded tasty as hell. My sister decided on the Cubana torta and we each ordered a churro. For good measure, I also ordered a Homemade Mexican Vanilla Soft Serve with maple-pecan-bacon-streusel and salted caramel sauce. We were handed a number and shown to a bar table and two seats. The restaurant was extremely busy and I'm not sure how long we waited, but it seemed like we waited for a long time. Or we were just really hungry because we did not eat lunch. When our tortas finally arrived at our table, we began to devour our food after the obligatory food pictures were taken. I am not sure what else to report other than that the Goat Barbacoa torta was simply amazing. Seasoned with oaxacan pasilla-tomato salsa, onions, and cilantro, the goat barbacoa was served in slightly toasted bread, together with avacado. It had a hint of smokiness while retaining a slight gamey flavour that is distinctive of game meat like goat, without either components overpowering the savoury and tender goat meat. The various flavour elements of the meat were in perfect proportion, and the avacado was a great complement to the goat. Soon after we finished our tortas, our churros and soft serve ice cream came. The churros were tasty and fresh, but the soft serve ice cream was the item that really deserved attention. The maple-pecan-bacon streusel was delicious and the salted caramel sauce went very well with it. The saltiness of the sauce doesn't come through until after you swallow each spoonful of ice cream. Every spoonful of ice cream would taste sweet and rich, and after you swallow, a bit of saltiness would come forth. I could not get enough. I probably could have eaten two cups of this ice cream even though I was already very full. I would definitely recommend XOCO to anybody visiting or living in Chicago.
