My entire life, I've lived only a couple miles from Superdawg. Whenever my parents and I drove past, I would always shout out "look, it's mr. and mrs. hotdog!" My dad's brothers used to buy things, other than the food here, in the 60's and 70's. Grandpa used to get mad if they went to Superdawg because he knew what they were up to. Superdawg has been around for 60 years this year, I think. They claim to have the best hotdog in Chicago. It's owned by the same couple to this day. Superdawg has apparently received several offers for franchising. The food holds up pretty well to the boasting. My favorite is the Superburger. They use a great medium thickness patty. It has a grilled taste too. Not a fatty greasy taste, at all. The bun they use is special too, I've never seen it anywhere else. The fries are definitely my favorite out of anywhere ever. Absolutely, hands down the best. Fresh cut, thick, crinkle. Also, try the pickled tomato for an interesting garnish on the side. The help they have there is very good. They know the menu well, they're nice, they usually play along with the Superdawg little "hiya, thanks for stopping" thing. Also I don't think they've ever gotten something wrong when I've been there. The milkshakes are also amazing. They're pricey as heck at $4.25, but in the summer if you're in search of a milkshake and you're in the area, stop here because they're really good. I always go for the chocolate malt. The restaurant itself...is just....amazing. I don't think there's really much describing to do here. No complaints at all. This place is a very well kept time warp, almost every aspect of it. It needs to be preserved. You NEED to visit this place before you die, even if you don't eat the food. Just seeing it is like a snapshot of history. One of my favorite things ever, to do in my down time, is come here on a hot summer night with the top down and enjoy it. It just feels nostalgic. The location? Great! If you're coming from out of town, stop here on the way to your hotel. It's 2 minutes off of I-90 going to and from O'Hare. It's right on Milwaukee so if you're heading in or out of the city, it can be on your way without much detour. Do it. This place is a legend. The only reason it got 4 stars was because of the prices. I'm sorry, but they're really jacked....but I've now updated and put 5....becuase I stopped caring. It's so awesome.
