My taste buds thank you, Big Jones, for a pleasant weekday adventure. I frankly had not expected the remarkably creative and original menu, and I learned that the Boarding House lunch special is something I will probably never order. That was hardly a problem with all the other choices. The lunch menu has an array of charcuterie, lip-service no doubt to the Cajun and 'Nawlins French influences. And here are some other items I have not seen elsewhere in town: a pickle tasting with butter and bread, potato and goat cheese croquettes, Roasted king trumpet, maitake, and shiitake mushrooms with fresh garlic and thyme, served with creamy grits, sawmill gravy, and piccalilli, a Carolina Shrimp burger with spicy mayo and chow-chow, a side of buttered popcorn rice, and a dessert like warm coriander oat cake. All in all, a nicely limited collection of pates, sandwiches, lunch platters, sides and desserts. I ordered the Carolina Shrimp burger and a side of Voodoo Greens. My lunch buddy went meatless with the Roasted Mushrooms and Grits. A small plate of corn muffins arrived. They were warm and soft little numbers we enjoyed with fresh butter. We cooed with joy over the tender pieces of real corn. They got me with the muffins. My burger was like a wider and flatter crab cake on a bun, and the flavors were perfectly balanced with sweet and hot, and the crunchy chow-chow. My greens were so well flavored and earthy with just enough vinegar that they tasted like meat! The greens were collard and kale. My friend worked on his shrooms and grits very diligentlly but i did not manage a taste. He devoured it all. The $16.00 Boarding House lunch special is always fried chicken I learned. Alas, I'm not a fried chicken fan. But I was amazed when I watched our neighbors get their platter for two. It was a very generous serving. Southern desserts almost always seduce me, but I resisted the call of the sugar sirens this time. I may have to return for one of their half dozen or so pies, cakes or tarts. I'd love to order Peanut Gooey Butter Cake in my best Bubba accent. I cannot fail to mention our server who is clearly in love with the place and the food. She helped us make choices and made lunch here both fun and memorable. The place is brimming with originality and fine southern regional offerings. Dinner or brunch here in the future is definitely on the agenda.
