FACT: I'm an Ethiopian Food fanatic.  - I eat Ethiopian Food at least once a week.  - I seek Ethiopian Food out when I go on vacation, so I've had Ethiopian Food in approximately 4 different cities in the USA. - If I ever visit Africa, it will be to go to Ethiopia, just so I can EAT.  - I must have been Ethiopian in a past life - I love the food THAT MUCH. Damera has been on my radar since it opened, but I never seemed to make it in. Then came the Groupon... How could I resist? $40 for $20? Great deal. So, my husband and I finally made our way in. This is a bit anecdotal, but I'll mention it: We got seated under the air conditioning vent. It was FREEZING and blowing right on my neck. It literally gave me a neck ache. We asked to be moved and it took really long time. It was so bad that my husband and I considered leaving... we were in so much pain from the ridiculous A/C. Finally, right before our food was about to come out, we got moved. Once seated at a different, non-freezing, table things started to look up.  The food came and the injera was a little burnt looking. It tasted OK, but it was slightly strange. They didn't bring us plates or napkins with our food (you MUST have napkins when you are eating with your hands) so we had to ask/wait for them, which is a little disappointing.  The true test though was the FOOD. Overall, the food was a resounding "meh".  We had chicken (Doro Tibs Alicha) and the supremely huge vegetarian platter, with a sampling of ALL their veg dishes.  I did LOVE that there was an option on the menu to have ALL the vegetarian dishes. Not all Ethiopian places have this and it's an awesome feature on the menu. But, most the food was just OK. Not terrible, but not great.... with the exception of the Quosta (Spinach). It was so so so so good. I mean, like the BEST I've ever had. Really really good. Everything else left us wishing for more... the Chicken, the other veg dishes - meh.  I'm glad I tried Demera, but I'm not enthusiastic to go back. If you want phenomenal Ethiopian Food, Ethiopian Diamond and Ethiopian Diamond 2 are the BEST around. Take it from an expert.
