All right. This is Yelp Review numero uno for me. And yes, I registered just so I could review Fogo and give them 5 stars.This place has everything I need to sustain myself: Pizza, chicken, salads, and more. And everything is incredible.The Pizza: Here's the thing. Between my roommate and I, at least one of us eats here on any given day. We started out joking like, "all we ever eat is Fogo." Then that joke became the reality. Neither one of us has been grocery shopping in a couple of weeks.I have had about 25 varieties of pizza from their slices alone! Did you think I was joking about the every day thing? This is what keeps me coming back, again and again. Thin crust, delicious sauce, and fresh, high quality ingredients. I generally get two just because I want to experience two flavor explosions (plus you get a free drink), but they are big enough for one to be satisfying. Some of my favorites are BBQ chicken, buffalo chicken, margherita, hawaiian, veggie slices... well they're all pretty great actually. Even the "standards" are way above expectation (i.e. sliced grilled sausage, three varieties of pepperoni, multiple cheese...) The ingredients are clearly much higher quality than you usually get from most pizza places around. They know what they're doing.The Chicken: In the words of one of the cooks there - "You like Chicken Hut? I'm not gonna say nothin bad about Chicken Hut. All I'm gonna say is we got more Flavor." After my initial pizza marathon, I had to try it. More flavor indeed! I hold their chicken in the same high regard as their pizza - my favorite in the city. You get an expertly seasoned quarter chicken, two sides, pita and a drink for about 6 bucks total. My favorite sides would be the potato salad and the black beans, but again... they're all good. I would get the chicken every time but am usually seduced by one of the slices they have ready...The Salad: Huge. Fresh. I've only tried two of these, but they definitely stand up to my voracious appetite. Very nice juicy grape tomatoes and top quality cheeses. Both times I got it in a fresh baked bread bowl. My technique: eat half the salad with a fork. Eat the other half wrapped in the bread bowl like some kind of giant taco. Probably enough food for two people, or one really hungry guy.The Staff: Very good people. Family owned so you know they care about what they're doing. Everyone there is very friendly.Extras: Brazilian music, Brazilian TV (sometimes sports/winter Olympics lately), and they have a charity event every Tuesday.So in conclusion... High quality fresh ingredients, family owned, a great value, and a good vibe. That's why I don't go grocery shopping anymore.
