Is seems like its own city in there. It's like each section of the restuarant is a neighborhood within the city. I felt like I was voyaging through some type of catacombs when I was downstairs looking for the bathroom. Man, this place is huge.  Let's call the host desk city hall cause they sure do hammer down the rules. Another restaurant with the funky "no seat you til your entire party arrives" tariff. Yea, yea I've heard the excuses for this practice but it's beyond annoying. I was with yet another birthday group, sigh, and half our party was very late but en route. We were very hungry and wanted to at least order appetizers while waiting, but nooooooooooo, Carnivale city hall don't play that. I was so not amused, and neither was my growling belly. When we were finally cleared for entrance to the city, we were guided to our neighborhood for the evening which was located right behind the bar closest to the city gates. While the city has a universal inside-one-of-my-crayon-splattered-nightmares theme throughout, it was cool how this little neighborhood (section; in case I lost you) had its own little vibe. I'm not a fan of big wide open restaurants so this made me feel a little better. Our city official (waiter), damn I wish remembered his name, was perfect. He was an above and beyond type, which I hope is what can be expected of the other city officials as well.  I had a frozen mango margarita which was decent, but nothing more than what I get at like Red Lobster. For my entree, I got one of the specials for that day which was a 1/2 chicken (and it really seemed like just 1/4) stuffed with manchengo cheese wrapped in bacon on a bed of mashed potatoes. All that was left was bone after I was done with it. I mean, had I been less than a lady I might have licked the plate. It WAS bangin, but. . . . . I honestly didn't feel it was $27 bangin. Talk about over-taxing the villagers. I have to say that I don't think Carnivale is worth its prices. I feel like what I'm really paying for is the wads of money it must take to pay the utilities of that township and the Pee Wee's Playhouse-meets-Crate&Barrel decor that is actually borderline disturbing if you ask me. I've been in my share of Latin restaurants and the color overload here is just way too much. While I don't dislike the restaurant, I wouldn't go back of my own accord. However, if I have to come back to this city for another birthday, which I just KNOW I will, I wouldn't be doing it begrudgingly. Does that make sense? I'm sure it does.
