Add me to the growing list of Doug Sohn's admirer's. I was told to go to this establishment in July, but I don't live nearby and the hours are such that it made it difficult to go. I finally got around to going there today, since I will be leaving Chicago soon and I needed to get one last Chicago-style hot dog and Hot Doug's was where I heard I should do it. Despite my many months of waiting and extremely high expectations, Hot Doug's met and exceeded all the lofty standards I had put forth in my head. The decor is just tacky enough to be wonderful. Celebrity pictures, a large timeline on the history of encased meats in Chicago, and other assorted eye candy hang on the walls, which are all bright colored. Everything in the place is brightly colored, from the fans to the HVAC vents (mostly in blue, yellow and red). The menu is very matter-of-factly presented with item listed (most going by celebrity names) and a brief description of what it is under the title. Next to that are a listing of the daily specials, which include any range of zoo animals ground up and served in natural encasements. Behind the counter, Doug himself takes the orders and just adds up the tab (tax is included in the price). Everything is very reasonably priced, even the gourmet meats. Now, while the inside of this eatery does not hide the fact that this is a hot dog joint, the food may give you pause for thought. This is high class food in an easy to handle package. The hotdogs are absolutely delicious and the toppings (onions, sweet relish, pickles, tomatoes, sport peppers, mustard, celery salt) are all incredibly tasty (the relish is some of the best in the city). The hot dogs themselves are great, with just the right amount of snap and a good bit of spice added to the meat to give it the perfect flavor. Piled high with all the trimmings, the Chicago-style dog, 'The Dog' is only a $1.50 and is amazing, best I've ever eaten. Other offerings are also phenomenal. I had the 'White Wine and Dijon Rabbit Sausage with Truffle Sauce Moutarde and Port Salut Cheese' in addition to 'The Dog.' Doesn't sound like fast food, eh? And for $6, you'd still think it is fast food, but it sure doesn't taste like it! The rabbit sausage was mild and flavorful with a cooked-over-a-wood-fire taste to it. The truffle sauce was also very good, with the truffle flavor complimenting the rabbit nicely and not overwhelming it. The port salut cheese was fantastic as well, a great soft cheese with a bit of bite, like Gorgonzola. One last recommendation is to get the duck fat fries. Best fries I have ever had. They smell fantastic and taste even better. Words can't describe how good these little sticks of potato are. My only complaints are the fact that the location is no where near me (and getting farther away since I am leaving the city), the hours are pretty poor if you don't live or work nearby, and there is always a line. Then again, for last part basically explains the first two complaints. This place is so good, it doesn't need to move or stay open any longer.
