Great Pizza! Great Place with outdoor seating and extremely fresh ingredients. A slice of Italy on the Sunnyside of the street. Update: 4-28-2008 Now down to 2 stars! Maybe I was just in a bad mood, maybe it was an off day, or maybe this place should be called Prima Donna Pizza. How freaking full of yourself do you have to be to think cutting a pizza for your customers is just too much and "could lower the quality of the pizzas" Recently My extra special lady friend and 2 friends sat down to have some pizza at what i thought was a good Ravenswood spot. Yeah the pizza is still pretty good (I have had way better since my original 4 star review of this place) but the service was HORRIBLE! Okay so there we are 4 of us sitting at a small wobbly table with 20 plates, three pizzas, 10 glasses, 4 bottles, 6 forks, 6 knives, 2 pizza slicers, and various knickknacks and condiments. HOW IN THE HELL ARE WE SUPPOSED TO SLICE THESE PIZZAS! When we asked them to please slice them for us at the time of ordering we were told by our server I can bring you slicers but they wont do it for you and that they yell at her if she asks. WTF. So the Pizzas come and the guy who brings them to our table asks can i get you anything, do you need anything? I say yes, could you please slice these up for us? He looked at me like i had just cock punched him and walked away.  Soon our server came back by and ask if we needed anything and was everything okay? I asked, could we please get our pizzas sliced we have no room on this wobbly table and it's just going to be a mess, could you please have the pizzas sliced for us. She went into a ER like state looking for O negative but instead of O negative she was frantic for a slicer. within a minute or two arrived at our now fully stocked wobbly table. Here, she said you can use these and slice them. By this time my Extra special Lady friend and our 2 friend were trying their best to manage the montage of dishes in a mass organizational effort to slice a pizza. I on the other hand was just too pissed off at the utter bullshit i was sitting in front of to eat. WTF.  So, now the owner comes by all sweaty and hairy in his dough and flour stained shirt that he's probably been wearing for days by the looks of it. With his hands clasped together in the prayer gesture of please forgive us he began spouting off bullshit about how they don't cut their pizzas when they come out of the over cause it would take up too much time and lower the quality. I sat an listened as he went on calmly waiting for my polite moment to air my grievance. When that time came some 2 minutes later he interrupted me refusing to let me speak to the point of raising his voice saying sorry we don't slice the pizzas and just walked off. What a harry fat asshole. So, if you like so so pizza that you must cut yourself while managing table space, and eating while frustrated-- this is the place for you.
