Come to the Purple Pig if you want yummy food served with a side of smug. I came here on Saturday around 2pm for lunch and was very surprised by how busy it was on a rainy afternoon at a late hour (for lunch). There were 2 of us, so we only had to wait a couple of minutes to be seated. Unfortunately, there was another party of 4 that they sat right next to us. Because these are communal tables, my lunch companion was seated across the table from me and we were sandwiched tightly in between 2 other parties of strangers. Not ideal. Fortunately, the party of 4 decided this wasn't the ideal arrangement and left, so we could move to more normal seats at the end of the table. Throughout all this musical chairs business, the hostess was kind of rude. It's like she couldn't possibly understand why we were all uncomfortable when there were 12 adults sitting at a table clearly meant for 10. When we all got situated, she slammed the menus on the table with a loud thud and walked away. Okaaaayyyy. We ordered the meatball sliders, porchetta panini, and prosciutto bread balls. We tried to order the potato croquettes, but they were having problems with the griddle or something. The meatball sliders were good. The panini was great. I could've done without the prosciutto bread balls. We also ordered a half-bottle of an Italian chardonnay, and it was so good that I asked the waiter if he could write down the name for me. He responded by telling me that the winery is the second most popular winemaker in Italy. Whoa, dude! Try not to hurt yourself! I think I just heard your eyes roll! Sorry I'm not an expert on the leading makers of Italian chardonnay. Actually, I didn't even know Italians made chardonnay until I ordered that half-bottle of wine. After a lesson on Italy's wine economy, I got the name, which is great because I can go buy the wine at Binny's instead of coming back to the Purple Pig. I might come back because the food was good, but if I do, I'll make reservations and I'll pray the service is better. And I'll study up on my wine trivia.
