After rave reviews on Yelp, LTH, and finally a feature on Meat and Potatoes on the Food Network, I had to try this place out... First night we stopped by, we saw that it was closed due to Health Inspector... my wife freaked out, but I just casually dismissed it as part of the rites of passage in any good Chinese restaurant. (Sadly, it's true... you don't want to see the kitchens in Chinatown). Second time, we brought a few friends (Ayesa Y and Sage G) to have a meal, and we ate... and ate... and ate... oh man, did we eat. Ambiance: From the outside, it looks like it's just a little take out shop, with nothing to it. You walk in, and it's actually pretty nice! Lots of seats, deep restaurant, every table/chair is pretty spacious.  Duck Dinner - $36: A server comes by with a cart topped with a beautifully fried duck. Proceeds to slice the duck in front of you into thin pieces of meat and skin, which are excellent. Comes with four buns (gua bao) to wrap the duck into with some sauce to eat... oh boy, this was good. Dinner also comes with duck soup (not significant duck flavor honestly) and duck fried rice (pretty tasty). This could likely feed four comfortably, if you don't want to be bursting at the seems after your meal.  Butterfly shrimp: Nicely fried, topped with a slice of pork/bacon, these were a good appetizer to enjoy.  BBQ Pork: This is the primary reason we came, along with the duck service, and let me tell you... this did not let me down! Skin was perfectly crisp, the meat was absolutely tender... Pricing was $5 for a small, $8 or $9 for a medium I think, and can't remember the large. We ordered a medium, and could barely finish this along with the rest of the food. As a note, we ordered the three items (duck dinner, butterfly shrimp, and BBQ pork) and ended up with leftover rice, soup, some duck, and a few pieces of pork (that we just couldn't finish). Verdict: Very affordable, very delicious... well worth the visit! We look forward to going back soon, as many of the other items looked quite good and really affordable as well! But if you go, get some pork and some duck... you won't be disappointed.
