I originally rated Meli with 5 stars, after being a regular customer over the life of the retaurant. In recent months, I've had some bad experiences that were completely due to the staff or operational structure of Meli that have severly damaged the light in which I see the restaurant. This delightful little cafe was a such wonderful addition to the Greektown collection when it opened its doors. It is such a treat to be able to dine in Greektown with out flaming cheese searing your eyebrows from your forehead, or being surrounded by tons of Greek men with chest hair peeking through the open, top buttons...even if I too am one of those guys. Once you enter the cafe, you are not only greeted by a lovely array of soothing colors and decorations reminiscent of a European sidewalk cafe, but an absolutely enticing aromas. A redolence of homemade pastries, smoothies, jams, marmalades and fresh squeezed juices fill the room. After you soak in the wonderful smells, the site of a server carrying a tray full of mouthwatering breakfast treats will double your hunger pangs immediately. The downfall is that whether you order a side of small pancakes, or a larger order of full size pancakes, you get a little one, maybe 2 oz of maple syrup. If you need more, you pay $0.75 for each little cup. Now, I'm no economist, but I'm pretty sure they aren't making their own maple syrup, but even in the even that they are, Maple Syrup isn't that expensive. I shouldn't have to be able to buy a whole bottle of syrup with how much I spend just to get my pancakes damp with the stuff. I understand charging for extra jellies, as they are all made in house... but come one... Syrup?!? I'd rather just bring some Aunt Jemima with me next time. I was also forced to buy honey to add to my tea in this same visit. I expected to get the expensive, thick, Greek honey upon paying for it, to my dismay, it was normal, every day honey. There goes another star. The Smoothies are less than appetizing at Meli. I find that while they use fresh fruits, that they often taste watered down compared to what I receive at my gym, or even a Jamba Juice. Now to the entrees... The Spicy Flamenco - a large omelette with various peppers, chorizo, avocado slices and sour cream. This is served with Baby red potatos and a slice of melon...AMAZING! I have never left hungry after dining on this one of a kind breakfast gem. The Crab Cakes Benedict - Crab cakes and eggs benedict are both new additions to my edible repertoire. I find that over time, I've been less impressed with this dish the more I order it. I've finally given up on it. The Cloud Nine Crepe - This is a fat kid's fantasy breakfast!!! This is a chocolate infused crepe served with sweetened marscapone, covered with fresh berries chocolate sauce and whipped cream. Dessert AND Breakfast, all wrapped up in one....excuse me, whilst I wipe the drool from my chin. The "Mana Mou" - Meaning most literally "My mother" and the self proclaimed mother of all skillets, it is jam packed with Angus steak, portobello, red onions, bell peppers, and topped off with Provolone. I had to loosen my belt just typing that. I would however, advise you to leave yourself time to visit. It isn't a Denny's or an IHOP. I used to eat at Meli nearly every week, but over the last several months I've barely visited. I find paying for extra maple syrup by the ounce to be ridiculous and frustrating. That very next day, however, I returned with my friends for breakfast, after ordering nearly $75 worth of food for breakfast for 3 people, I had requested 2 dollars in quarters to feed the meter (pre paybox). The waitress returned only to hand me 4 quarters from the two $1 singles I had given her. She said I can only give you one dollar in quarters, so I asked if the other dollar was some sort of a service fee for change. She said no, but that the hostess would speak to me shortly about it. I received a visit from the hostess who took it upon herself to lecture me about their inability to provide everyone with change for the meters. But she was completely happy to accept my $75 for breakfast that day, and just over $50 the day before. Perhaps instead of speaking to your regular customers like children, you should take a lesson in customer service and economics. Those 4 quarters have cost you several hundred dollars in business. That cost will only go up over time, as I take my business to Yolk or Lou Mitchell's. All in all, Meli loses a star for the nickle & diming, and two stars for customer service. It's one thing to turn a customer down for change (minus one star) but another to speak down to and scold a customer for having the nerve to ask for an extra four quarters, which is where Meli loses the third star. I realize that this is harsh, but after being such a regular and loyal customer from day one and for bringing so many people in to Meli, I think I deserved a little more courtesy.
