My boyfriend and I stayed at the Knickerbocker on a Friday night in February. We are from Northern Indiana and he was picking me up from the Chicago Airport so we decided to make a date night out of it. We scored a pretty great deal "naming our own price" on Priceline, so that made it even better! The hotel itself is beautiful, we found all the staff we spoke with to be extremely helpful and friendly. I had requested champagne and chocolate covered strawberries be delivered to the room before we got there and it was waiting for us as promised when we arrived. We had planned to park across the street instead of paying the $50/night for valet parking but it took us an hour and a half to get through the Friday night rush hour traffic from the airport to the hotel, so we caved and paid the $50 so that we wouldn't have to get back into the car again that evening.We had several questions for the woman at the reception desk and she gladly answered them all for us.We only had two complaints, first the when we entered the room it was a tad stuffy, so I turned the thermostat on the wall down while we got ready for dinner, hoping that by the time we got back to the room it would be nice and cool. But when we returned it was still 71 degrees in the room (we like it cool to sleep, plus it was just stuffy.) So I tried turning it down again, but it didn't seem to work. So I called the front desk and she said the whole hotel runs on the same system and they were currently in heat mode, so there wasn't much I could do with the thermostat, but offered to have someone bring up a fan right away. The fan helped and we were able to get a good nights sleep.Our only other complaint (which is partially our fault) is that because we had ordered breakfast to be delivered to the room in the morning we didn't put up the "Do Not Disturb" sign and we had about 6-7 knocks at the door from 8:30am until we left at 11:30am. They knocked when they slipped the bill under the door at 8:30, then housekeeping came by several times, along with a man checking mini-bars. I have worked in hotels and understand that they want to get their rooms ready and I know we didn't put the sign out, but it just got a little annoying.Our room service breakfast was quite good! I had the french toast, which was awesome! And my boyfriend had bacon, eggs and toast. Overall we had a great experience and would definitely go back again! But next time we will use the door sign!
