My husband was kind of skeptical when we drove up to this tiny shed-like restaurant with murals all over its walls, but I was convinced this was a gold mine based on all the yelp reviews. And the rumors were true! We went around 1:00 PM on a Friday. Parking was not incredibly difficult even though the 4-5 space parking lot was full. We parked on a side street. We walked in and yes, it's small but we were immediately greeted by a friendly staff. The place actually looks kind of homey with walls covered by Cuban newspapers and old photographs. Initially we were stumped by the inadequately described menu that was on display (although I must say the chalkboard menu displays are super cute ) but they also had paper menus with more description, similar if not exactly the same as the menu on the website. I already knew what I wanted but my husband has some food allergies and he wanted to make sure he knows what to expect. The kind lady behind the counter was knowledgeable enough to help right away. My husband got the bisteak (steak sandwich) and I got the pulled beef. We got them to go since there was no room to sit. Every single bar stool at the wrap-around bar, the only seating there is, was taken. There is a cute little patio with umbrellas but it was scorching outside. I would have really liked to stay and enjoy the music as well as the ambiance. This is the reason I deducted one star. Even as we waited for our food for about 10-15 minutes, there was no room to sit. After a forty minute drive home (due to traffic), the sandwiches got a little soggy, especially my pulled beef since it was wetter than the steak sandwich. My pulled beef was soaked in a red sauce along with strips of onions and green pepper. It tasted phenomenal! The bread, you could tell, was fresh. My husband's steak sandwich came with romaine? lettuce and tomatoes(?). Sorry, by that point I was in a trance state from how good my sandwich tasted that I didn't really pay attention to what I was tasting of my husband's sandwich. I do remember the meat was top quality and moist. In addition, my husband, a hot-sauce aficionado, got their hot sauce on the side. The hot sauce was not the hottest thing I ever tried but it went well with the sandwiches. I give 5/5 for the taste. The portion size of each sandwich was adequate for me even though I was starving by that point. Great value for your money at $6.50 each for lunch. This one, I will recommend to all my friends and will visit again.
