So I know there's the precedent that Lockdown is a Kuma's ripoff. It's true, but I can get past that. Kuma's is an amazing place and it's surprising that more places don't attempt to mimic their style. The problem isn't Lockdown being a knockoff, it's that Lockdown is a cheap knockoff. Whereas Kuma's decor and atmosphere fit the theme of their establishment, Lockdown looks like someone bought all the cheap clearance Halloween decorations from a Party City. Cheesy stuffed demon babies eating inside of fake jail cell doesn't really scream original burger joint concept. It just makes it look like a Haunted Trails. Enough about the decor/atmosphere because, honestly, I'll eat inside a cardboard box as long as the food is good. But let's start with the beer. I'm a huge beer geek and I was very impressed with their craft selection. What impressed me more was that pretty much everything (including rarer or higher-end stuff) was around $5-6. What blew me away was that they had Three Floyd's Arctic Panzer Wolf, a beer that pretty much across the board fetches $8-12 a glass at most bars these days, was indeed only $6. So without hesitation my girlfriend and I each ordered one. Then we realized why they're only charging $6: The waitress brings us barely half-filled New Belgium globe glasses. I'm gonna just ignore my beer geekery for a moment (Arctic Panzer Wolf, being an Imperial IPA, should be served in a snifter) and look at it like a regular customer: That's a fucking ripoff. I'd gladly spend (and have spent) $8 for a whole snifter than pay $6 for essentially a sample size you'd get at the Three Floyd's brew pub. Obviously it's apparent that the bartender doesn't know the correct glasses for various types of beers but he/she should at least know not to serve a bullshit portion of beer in a glass that clearly has a line printed on it that shows where it should be filled to. I think it goes without saying that we didn't get a second round of beers. Otherwise we may have ended up with some Fat Tire in a fucking Dixie cup. Now to the food. I get the theme that they're going for with all the prison jokes (even though, as I said before, the place is decorated like a Chicago Park District haunted house) and some of the combos sounded like good ideas. One thing I will make note of: I like a good offensive joke just like the next asshole but even I thought it was in pretty poor taste that they have a burger with traditional Mexican ingredients named The Border Patrol. That's pretty shitty and sounds like it came out of the mind of some jagoff biker guy. I ordered the Cruelty To Animals which has braised pulled pork, bacon and one of the best meats ever, prosciutto. The burger patty was pretty bland. Boasting Angus beef doesn't mean much these days when Burger King uses it. Usually a nice dark red and salty, the prosciutto was pale and gross looking and tasted like it had been soaking in water. The pork was ok. The fries were really the only decent part. Neither of us finished our burgers. I took the rest of mine home and I just now ate the leftovers, hoping maybe some flavors would meld together over a couple days but nope, just a reminder of how mediocre the whole experience was. Bleh.
