My girlfriend and I graced this veggie culinary orgy more than a year ago while visiting from Milwaukee. Since that very first time, we had since made it a point to eat at Chicago Diner every time we were in town. In fact, we were extremely worried that once we moved here, this place would put us in the poorhouse.  Why? Oh, I don't know, is it the fact that at most places you can count vegan options on one hand? And at this place, you can get anything vegan? Anything you can dream of? Gyros? Po' Boys? Dagwoods? Tofu Benedict? Green Eggz and Ham? Etcetera? Our most recent meal was the dinner special of faux duck with orange sauce sided with some sort of wild rice pilaf. I can't remember if the meat was tempeh or seitan, but whatever they did to it, they did it well. We also got the Rawchos, which we first tried a long time ago and have ordered consistently ever since the first time. I must warn you, though, that the first time we ordered Rawchos they came on a huge platter with a lot of chips for all the fancy raw fixins. Now they are a high-end appetizer with very few chips involved. In fact, this has been our only complaint at Chicago Diner. Ever. But our waiter completely accomodated us by giving us extra chips for dirt cheap. Anyway, Rawchos are amazing and still worth checking out. Just be prepared to need extra chips.  Don't sleep on the desserts here either. We took a slice of Raspberry Espresso Cheesecake home for breakfast the next morning and it rocked the house. They have raw desserts too, but I didn't like the raw carrot cake we tried way back when, and was really sad to have wasted dessert on it. Conclusion: raw entree good, raw dessert bad. Anyway, they doo cakes too! A couple months ago, I drove in to pick up a Cookies N Cream cake for my birthday, which my Wisconsinite meat-and-dairy-loving family absolutely loved. (I loved it too.)  They also have great Bloodies in the morning and an outdoor patio in the back and darn friendly waitstaff. If you've never been, you've never lived. So go be born.
