Based on food/drinks alone, I would give Sprout 3 stars. The three courses, plus intermezzos (shaved ice/sorbet, grilled cheese quarter with a small pour of Chardonnay) are seemingly economical for $60. The cocktails were not so great - julep is sickening sweet, gingerdale has much better equivalents elsewhere (e.g., Violet Hour, Longman & Eagle), with the rhubarb martini as the best of the three we tried. The There were three of us who shared each of the 3 courses, and some were hits (course 1 - scallop, course 2 - rabbit) and most were misses (course 1 - foie gras, course 3 - none were good, but most notably the corn). Again, based on food alone, Sprout is mediocre. There are much better places within walking distance (e.g., Kith & Kin, Sweets & Savories, etc.). After much contemplation, and irritation, I think Sprout earned 1 star for two reasons. First, we were seated at a highboy table at the front of the restaurant right next to the bar. For a dinner seating, with reservations made in advance, it felt like we were sitting at the bar. We requested a standard table, that would have less entrance/bar traffic, and were told it would be an hour wait. Second, what was most inappropriate was the phone call I received 10 minutes after leaving the restaurant asking about our quality of service. At first I thought they were really interested, to improve the quality of the restaurant experience. However, the real reason for the call became clear when I was asked about why our tip was so low. My spouse picked up the tab, so I did not know what we paid. He either made a calculation error, or his illegible handwriting (which is completely plausible) resulted in a tip that was approximately 12%, which was also the case for our dining companion. Feeling put on the spot, while on the phone, and much chagrined, I agreed to let them run our credit card for an additional amount (resulting in a tip in excess of 20%). If we had not left a tip at all, I could understand a phone call inquiring about how to improve the dining experience; but to call us out on an accidentally low tip for the purpose of extracting extra money still has me upset. In sum, if you go to Sprout, request a table away from the bar, expect an average dinner, and make sure you do not make any calculation errors when tipping.
