Ok, I've been to XOCO for breakfast once and lunch twice now. Time to write a review. Breakfast: Went at 10:10 to avoid the breakfast 'rush.' There was only one person in line at the time. Maybe I was more into brunch that day. Who knows. All I know is that they were out of everything when I went there, save for the egg and chorizo torta. I had this and a churro for breakfast. The torta was $7.50, and pretty much worth the price. Had avocado, mushrooms, egg, chorizo...I'm thinking cheese, too. Came with a mild green salsa. Overall, wasn't amazingly flavorful. Not a 'knock your socks off' chorizo spice - more mild. But good. The churro has an interesting flavor to it. Can't place it exactly. Came out warm and sugary. Almost too sugary, maybe...but I'm not complaining. It was good. Next time I am coming earlier for the empanadas. And bakery - which looks great! Lunch: 1st visit...came at about 1:45pm, again to avoid the lunch rush. Waited for maybe 3 minutes behind two or three people. I asked the cashier's opinion on what to get. They suggested chochinita pibil torta and the 'royal' mexican chocolate drink. I obliged. They gave me my number, I got some flat spring water that they have on tap - also have the sparkling spring water on tap and some tasty looking flavored waters/juices, which I didn't get. Sat down at a table and waited. Maybe 5 minutes later they brought out the mexican chocolate, and I rushed into it and burned my mouth. Whoops. Wait a moment when you get it. It is worth it. Very rich and delicious. Then, maybe 5-10 min later I got the torta. It comes on a harder roll with shredded pork and pickled onions. At least I think they are pickled. It also comes with habanero sauce. I have been here twice and people always burn their mouth off with the habanero sauce. Be careful! I did this too, then tried to drink the hot chocolate to wash it down...disaster. Ouch. From what I could taste after that, the sandwich was delicious. The bread was a little on the tough/hard side, but overall I really enjoyed the meal. It was a little expensive, though. I remember paying upwards of $20. Oh that's right, I had the tres leches cake too. That was solidly above average, and I'm not even a big fan of that type of cake. Lunch # 2 consisted of the guacamole and chips and the 'pepito' torta. And some mexican chocolate afterwards. The guacamole is really fresh and good, but there is not enough based on the amount of chips you get. Oh well. The pepito is basically a shortrib sandwich with cheese, and green salsa on the side. It was really good. Warm, oozing, flavorful. I would order this again. They were a little late giving us the mexican chocolate. No biggie. This time I got the version with spicy stuff in it (Aztec in the title?). That was really good. Maybe it was because I could taste it this time, but it was better than the royal version I got the first time. Not quite as thick, with a hint of spicy. I would say about XOCO that I never walk away saying 'oh my gosh that was amazing!!' It is always solid, but I don't crave it afterwards. I want to, but I don't. Is that weird? I'll probably keep trying, though. Solid place overall. Worth at least 2-3 visits before you make up your mind because they have a diverse menu. And you'll probably get to see Rick Bayless if you go during normal hours, as I have seen him there as I walked past the window several times.
