At a friend's suggestion, and after reading the reviews here, I couldn't wait to try Meli Cafe. I can't recall the last time I regretted going to a dining establishment as much. Let me preface this review with saying the food was decent. However, the HORRIBLY RUDE service overshadowed anything that could have made this morning's experience worth a return visit. After waiting 30 minutes to be seated, my friend and I were immediately asked by our waitress if we were ready to order. We asked for coffee but neither of us had even had a chance to open our menus yet. We asked for a few minutes. Our waitress came back within a minute. We were still looking over the menu and we asked for another few minutes. Within another minute, maybe three minutes total since we were initially seated, the waitress returned for the third time. Annoyed, at this point, I politely told our waitress that we were in no hurry. I understand that business is busy on a Sunday morning at Meli, but that's no excuse to rush us to the point we can't appreciate the experience.My friend and I each ordered an omelette and asked for a third order of crepes. We asked that the crepes be brought out later. Everything came at once. When I pointed this out to the waitress, she said she misunderstood and just walked away. Unacceptable, but we let it go. One of the busboys came by to clear our plates as we were still eating. Again, unacceptable. After paying the bill, we stuck around to finish the coffee we already had in our cups. The waitress came by, and without saying anything, began clearing the table and removed our waters!That was it. I never complain about service at restaurants but this was strike 10. On the way out, I spoke with the manager about the service, within earshot of all those waiting in line. He had no problem telling us (and those in line) that on weekends they expect customers to get in and get out. He cared nothing about treating customers to a good experience. Surprised at his response, I said I'll go elsewhere for breakfast next time and he encouraged it. There are too many great places in Chicago that appreciate my business to give this place a second chance.
