Wow! That is really how I had to start out this review... DE was everything I hoped it would be and MUCH more! =] From the moment we walked up and saw the open air area by the bar on a beautiful Friday night...we were in love with this place! We were greeted and took a seat at the bar while we waited for our table. We each ordered a drink, my cab was the BOMBBBB!! Seriously, probably the best I've ever had! We were then seated upstairs on the patio which was gorgeous! So natural looking and again, it was just a perfect night which added to the amazingness. Our waiter promptly came over and told us the specials and let us decide which items we were going to order. We went with the honeycomb vasi, beet salad, egg toast with fontina, raviolo and the pork belly and ended the meal with the butterscotch pudding. I don't normally do this but I HAVE to break down each item separately so you can really get the feel of the deliciousness of these plates. Honeycomb vasi - ricotta whipped into a cloud-like consistency with a little olive oil and served with olive oil floating on top and a little salt and pepper. Served with a small cube of honeycomb which is meant to be smashed around into the ricotta before you spread it onto warm olive oil brushed toasted Italian bread. Genius. Beet salad - roasted beets, walnut butter, candied walnut pieces and creme freische. Fantastic sweet and savory combo. Egg toast - egg yolks resting atop thick cut toast covered in fontina cheese and surrounded by grilled asparagus pieces. Great. Raviolo - giant spinach and egg yolk stuffed ravioli drenched with brown butter sauce. Mmmmm that butter sauce...I legit wanted to take a bath in it right there. Mmmm. Butterscotch pudding - creamy, cool and delicious. Fabulous. Pork belly - mmm...that pork belly. Crispy, greasy, tender and salty. Honestly one of the best things that has ever touched my lips...it was perfect. Period. Pork Perfection. And all that for around $70...yeah...that's it. I can't stress enough how amazing this place is. I can't wait to go back and order some more of DE's amazing dishes!!
