I'm not sure what else I could possibly add in my review that hasn't already been said in one of the 587 that have precede my own - but here's my stab at it: We started off with tortas, specifically: - Pork Belly (Dark salsa negra glaze, bacon, arugula, queso anejo) - Ahogada: (Golden pork carnitas, black beans, tomato broth, spicy arbol chile sauce, pickled onions) Both were awesome. If you visit XOCO on Wednesday I'd recommend the pork belly over the Ahogada - but both were superb. My only mistake was ordering the Ahogada spicy. Typically I love spicy food - but the level of spiciness in this situation referred to the tomato broth the sandwich comes semi-submerged in (seriously - your torta ends up looking like two delicious pork filled dorsal fins sticking out of a sea of tomato soup). The spiciness of the broth sort of distracted from the flavors of the meat and fillings - my mistake completely. We then followed the tortas up with churros and chocolate. The churros were bomb and as far as the chocolate: - The 'Aztec' was spicy as advertised (not overwhelmingly - but more than your average cup of Swiss Miss Hot Coco Mix). It was a tad watery though. - The 'Barcelona' was incredible. It was creamy, sweet, and good enough that we kept trying to work a follow up visit to XOCO back into our busy vacation schedule. One other thing I liked about this place was their system for ordering/sitting. You take a place in line and the host/hostess asks about party size. Only when there is actual space for you are you permitted to approach the counter and order. You pay, take your place at your designated table, and your food is promptly brought out to you. If you want to order anything extra (i.e. dessert) - you approach the "to go" counter and don't have to get back into the other long line you had just stood in. Maybe that doesn't sound terribly impressive - but trust me - it works and is far better than having to jockey for a table or getting your food to 'dine in' but not having any place to eat it while it's still warm.
