I have eaten at this Ruth Chris locations on many occasions( over 10 times) and have always been pleased with the quality of food and service, it has always been our favorite steak house in the city. However when I chose Ruth Chris to have a birthday dinner for my boyfriend I cannot believe the way that we were treated. First off we waited 25 minutes to be seated with a reservation, granted I did have to ask them if they could accommodate two more people that I did not realize would be coming. Understandably it could take some time to adjust the table. When we finally are seated we order drinks and a few appetizers. We received our appetizers and had them finished before I received my glass of wine. Not the level of service I am used to at Ruth Chris but I was willing to look past it seeing as we had 11 people at our table and they did seem understaffed. Additionally, it seems as if the assistant waiter/food runner Karen didn't seem excited to be serving a table of young adults in there mid twenties, however we gave her our attention and did thank each person that came to drop anything off. The appetizers were delicious and what I expect at Ruth Chris. We tried to order two bottles of nice champagne seeing as it was a birthday but were actually denied service. The reason that we were given was that we were too drunk and in "fear of the safety of the waitstaff" we were denied!?!?!?! I have worked in hospitality for over 6 years and I understand that an establishment has the right to deny service of alcohol to a customer. However, no one at the table was spilling or breaking anything, nobody at the table was screaming or being obnoxiously loud, slurring there words or even rude to the waitstaff. I am still completely dumbfounded for why we were treated this way. I was not even half way through my first glass of wine, and the gentlemen that ordered the champagne hadn't had anything to drink at the table yet at all. When asked to speak with the manager(Jenny) she never came to the table therefore my boyfriend got up to speak with her personally one on one. After voicing his concerns and trying to get some information from her side of the situation she (Jenny) told him "to get away from me"?!?!? isn't that what children say to people when they are upset? That is not the way hospitality works, no apologies no trying to smooth things over in a mature adult like way, simply a "get away from me" and then her hiding in the back or somewhere else out of sight. Next comes the salad course where my ceaser i hate to say was just simply over dressed. I left 3/4 of it on the table. Finally our food comes out, and yes it took a long time but again we are a party of 11 so I can understand that it is going to take longer then a 2 top. My filet and lobster tail comes out looks and smells amazing, but I wait for everyone to get there meals so we can eat together. Well one rib-eye is completely missing, then a few dishes are completely wrong, missing lobster tails, incorrect cuts of meat etc. So while we are all waiting for the mistakes to be corrected to enjoy the steak my friend on the right of me has multiple black hairs on her steak plate. OK again, I understand that occasionally a single hair does by accident once in a blue moon end up in dish. However, there were multiple hairs and when we let our waiter know no one came over to apologize, no show again from Jenny. Additionally we have the sou chef in his uniform walking around our table sneering and looking at us. Do we really deserve to be treated this way? I was so embarrassed, I have never been treated so terribly and to think that it would happen at Ruth Chris I couldn't believe it. I felt terrible for all of the people I invited here to spend good money at this establishment and enjoy what should of been a delicious meal. After waiting for the manager to come to our table to give us some kind of apology my boyfriend and I this time get up to speak with Jenny again. She simply said they would comp her food, OK yes I expected that at the VERY LEAST but there was no apology or anything from her or the sou chef (Chris) who was standing with her. They were basically laughing at us. I felt so discriminated against because I am a young adult in my mid-twenties. I felt that if I was a man in my 40's this never would of been handled so inappropriately. As we all decided to leave after being treated so unkindly the chef(Chris) asked "who had the hair in there food?" when my friend said it was her's he laughed and said "sure looks like mine doesn't it". How immature and disgusting?!?!? Oh and in addition they had the police meet us outside who came back in with us to discuss the matter. They agreed with us saying that we had the right to leave and that we didn't even need to pay. We did end up paying, for fear that our server would be stuck with the bill but I will never ever go back to Ruth Chris again. I am so embarrassed I brought people here, NEVER AGAIN !! go somewhere
