I asked my boyfriend where he wanted to go for dinner for his birthday and he saw an ad in the Red Eye for Zed 451. We go to Zed and receive horrible service and the food tasted bad. The service was slow and we left there hungry. Zed is a Brazilian steak house where they keep coming back and serving meat to you. The meat carvers were standing around the kitchen and talking and waiting for the cooks to get the meat ready. It was like they didn't prepare enough food. I spent over 160 dollars for bad service and bad food. It was my boyfriend's 31st birthday and it was ruined. How do you spend 160 dollars and leave hungry? I wanted to complain to the manager, but my boyfriend was so disgusted and fed up that he just wanted to leave. We spent almost 3 hours there! I called the next day to complain, I spoke to Kelsey the manager at the time. She apologized for the experience and gave me her cell phone number. She said to come back in and she would take care of us. She seemed to actually care and wanted to make things right. So I tell my boyfriend and he is reluctant to go back as it was just a waste of time the first time. We decided to go back a month later in the hopes that things changed. I called the manager on her cell and she said she would put us in @ 8:30 for that evening. We get there at 8:15 and the hostess informs me that my reservation is for 9:30...I said, I talked to Kelsey and she put us down for 8:30? They tell me I'm not in there. The hostess tells us to go upstairs for a drink and she'll try to get us something in 20 minutes. We didn't want to argue, so we go upstairs. We have a drink. The view up there is beautiful, drinks were okay. Do not get the sangria, wasn't that great and they ran out of fruit that night. After 30 minutes, we went back down. We wanted to make sure they had enough time. Now the place isn't even crowded, so I do not know why we had to wait. We sit in the middle section, next to salad bar and get stuck sharing a table with another couple. The waiter this time around was much better and service had improved. The meat service was faster and I can say that we were both full. We had wrapped up everything now in less than 2 hours. Seems like they only had one guy carving the meat that night, the same guy kept coming to our table with different cuts of meat. Now after talking to the manager, one would think she put notations of some kind under my reservation...I was expecting to at least get a discount, have one dinner comped, something. Well we get the bill and it's for 120...No discount, no comp, NOTHING. Now we are sharing a table with another random couple and I didn't want to cause a scene. They said they were visiting from out of town and it was their first time in Chicago. My boyfriend pulls out his credit card and shakes his head...Now, instead of wasting 160, we threw about 120 more away. $300 spent on okay food and okay service. We would not have gone back if we didn't think we were going to get something out of it. I call the Kelsey back the next day to complain and she asks me why I didn't ask for her, I said my reservation wasn't even on there and we were sharing a table with another couple and I didn't want to draw any attention. She says she is out of town and will call me back in 2 days when she returns to work. 1.5 weeks later, I have not heard anything from her. I left her another message on her voicemail and have not gotten any kind of follow up at all. Why give someone your cell phone and say you will take care of them, when you really had no intention to. Honestly, for the amount of money spent, go to Ruth's Chris or Joe's on Grand or Wildfire. Fogo and Brazazz are so much tastier if you really want to go to a Brazilian steak house. Zed is not worth it. I wasn't satisfied by writing a bad review on Metromix, so what I did was file a complain with the BBB. I didn't hear back for 2 months. Someone finally contacted me, a new manager. He was nice and REFUNDED my credit card and my boyfriend's credit card. This is why I'm giving this place 2 stars, only because this guy was nice enough to refund us and apologized for our experiences. I still wouldn't go back there again. I don't think he is there anymore as I got an invite to go back in an email for an event and I requested that they remove me from their email list. A new manager emailed me back and asked me why so I had to go over this whole explanation again and she apologized and said that we should try coming in again and she'd take care of us. Since Zed-451, we have discovered Texas De Brazil and love it there and the service and food are great. We also get different coupons via email for joining their mailing list.
