I've been craving pho for months now. We finally got around to going out for it tonight.  After seeing on here that Pho 888 was open until nine, we made that our destination. Upon arrival, we found it closed at 3. I said, "Hai Yen." He said, "I want to give Tank another chance." I asked, "Why don't we try Le's Pho?" He said, "Eh, not tonight." And since we were already right there, I decided we could save Le's Pho for another night. So we went in and were seated pretty much immediately.. at a table with another group. A loud and annoying group.  I didn't feel as though I could really have a conversation because there was a stranger in the chair next to me. I'm weird about that. (Note: my being seated at a table with strangers isn't affecting my rating.) Whatever, though, because I really wanted that pho. So after my husband scoured the rather lengthy menu for a while, he found what he wanted. I knew pretty much as soon as I looked at that pho list. It was another night of playing it safe. I picked pho 47, which is just pho with beef and I got a jackfruit smoothie with tapioca. He ordered the regular pho (with tripe, tendon, and other things he loves and I enjoy in very small doses), the frog legs in curry, and a triple color dessert.  Pho($8 each)- Too salty. It still irks me to get the same amount of herbs when two people order as when one does.  Overall, the broth had very little flavor.. aside from SALT. I prefer a more fragrant and floral broth. Give me some anise, cloves, cardamom.. some spices. Please. Also, there's something weird about the meat. It always tastes a little off to me. As usual with Tank, I ate a couple slices before putting the rest in my husband's bowl. He doesn't have any complaints about the meat.  After reading someone else's review on Tank, I'm surprised to learn they advertise the noodles as "fresh." They're exactly like the noodles we buy from the market about a block south.  Frog Legs(didn't see the price, but I'd estimate about $13 based on the total.) Pretty okay. He ate every little bit except the small bite I tried. I had never had frog legs before.  The curry was delicious, but I'll have to acquire the taste for frog appendages.  Jackfruit smoothie($4): good, but I could've gone without the out of season fruit on top. The tapioca was overcooked and a little gummier than I like.  Triple color($3.50): Didn't come with the meal. We didn't know if it was forgotten, so we waited to see whether it was on the bill. When we saw it was, he asked the server for it again and he took care of it. We agreed that it trumped both Yummy Yummy's AND Joy Yee's triple color.  Service: Disorganized. The guy who seated us initially came to take our orders. The husband hadn't decided yet, so we asked him to give us a few minutes. About ten minutes later, we managed to make eye contact with a lady who asked if we were ready to order. We put in our orders, and we think the fact that servers don't have designated tables is part of why the Triple Color wasn't brought until requested a second time. So the drinks/dessert concoctions were the best things we had tonight. The pho wasn't outstanding, but satisfied my craving. Honestly, it's not better than the bouillon we buy for 50 cents at aforementioned market.  I think our favorite part of Tank Noodle is the older guy who pushes around the car and picks up the dishes. He's always super friendly to us. PS- What happened to the penis pho? Is that something you have to request now? It's no longer on the menu.
