Sorry to hate on ya, Rick Bayless, but this isn't your best work. I figured this place was pretty overrated, and I was fairly accurate in my assumptions. Here's the thing. i can't stand when place try to claim they are low-key, but then act all snobby (hello BIG STAR). From the Rick Bayless website: "this quick-service cafe from Rick and Deann Bayless proffers contemporary expressions of Mexico's most beloved street food and snacks". Now when I think "street food", I think a pushcart in the park selling elotes, you know, something you can EAT ON THE STREET. Sure, you can do this at Xoco...AFTER 3PM. I get it, they are mobbed. It cuts down the lunch crowd. But then, you know what, you wait. On that same note, you're forced to eat in until 3pm...but then soup is not AVAILABLE until AFTER 3. This doesn't make sense to me whatsoever. I wanted to try Xoco because I love Frontera, Topolobampo, and Frontera Fresco. I am tellng you guys, for lunch, stick with Frontera Fresco. The three "tortas from the griddle" can be found at Frontera Fresco for $4 less than the ones here and they are EXACTLY the same. The chips and guac can be found for less too...once again, EXACTLY the same. Of course, you can't get the woodburning oven tortas, or the daily torta specials, at fresco. This is worth coming for to try, but quite honestly, I wasn't terribly impressed with the Ahogada torta: Golden pork carnitas, black beans, tomato broth, spicy arbol chile sauce, pickled onions. (Dine-in Only) 9.50 I asked about this, because I assumed tomato broth + dine-in only = soggy mess. The counter girl said that there was only a little broth on the bottom so i was like, ok cool, I'll try it. I love carnitas. Serving-wise, it was the equivalent of grilled cheese with tomato soup, the sandwich immersed in the soup. The tomato broth tasted likew marinara sauce, and the only vegetable on the torta was...wait...nothing. Some onions on the side, and pork. That's it. I was severely disappointed, and wished I had gotten my usual Cubana torta. We also ordered wine here, and they were nicely chosen to accompany the tortas. At real nice prices too. I ordered a $10 glass of Qupe Syrah...that came in a plastic cup, and was hot. I am really not kidding, like bathwater-hot. Not room temp. I had to put ice in it, I swear to god. DO NOT order red wine here, don't say I didn't warn you. I also almost slipped on the floor right outside the kitchen doors, where they had decided to have us sit, despite numerous other seats available. Not sure why, considering I was wearing nice clothing. I didn't look like a bum off the street or anything, neither did my buddy. There were no caution signs around, and as someone with years and years of event management experience, that is a HUGE no-no. The manager saw my almost-fall, and promptly offered to seat us elsewhere. How nice of you :) So you are probably wondering how in the hell I could give this place 2 stars. The 2 stars are for the fabulous homemade churros, and the mexican vanilla soft-serve with salted caramel and bacon. They were DELICIOUS. So yeah, I'd totally come here for dessert only. Just nothing that pairs with red wine :)
