Is your life boring? Are you lacking that special air of excitement and falling into the monotony of the every day? Sunda can change all that... Ok, cheezy intro, I know... But, really, this is how I feel about the new Sunda! I came with a friend last night (yes, they're not supposed to open till the 9th; no, it's not private parties anymore; yes, you can bring friends - just make reservations considering the hype) and it was the most fun I have had dining out in a long, long time... (and between lunches and dinners, I dine out at least 10 times a week!). It's like being trapped in Asia - ok, not really... but food-wise, it showcases an incredible and diverse selection of contemporary versions of what is typically down home cooking in many parts of Cambodia, Shanghai, Singapore, the Philippines, Japan, China, etc. All plates are served in a small plate/sharing format, so go crazy ordering! Between two of us, we had 6 dishes, including the watermelon and unagi salad (interesting... weird, but tasty), some hamachi sashimi style, the loompya (reminds me of home), a carpaccio of tuna (I believe it was hamachi - my least favorite of all dishes as it was a bit overdressed in the ponzu sauce), the shrimp toast with tuna jam (loved it), etc. The drink menus (cocktails, beers and wines) were diverse - especially the beer selection - they have sapporo on draft! Service was perfect - attentive - almost to the point of overbearing if our server wasn't the nicest person in the world. Clearly, they have overstaffed in an attempt to cull the problems associated with new openings, but I can't complain as they are clearly very into what people think and how their experience is unfolding. As far as knowledge goes, if our server is any indication, they know what they're doing and what goes into what. As far as crowd goes, right now, it's a see and be seen place with all the pretty women, young and trendy men and of course, the cute staff adds that extra element. So, thank you Sunda for getting me out of my Chicago winter blahs and bringing some excitement back to my life! I'll see you tonight :)
