I'm on the fence about this place. Usually, when I'm in between stars, I will go up or down depending on how much I want to go back there...unfortunately, I kind of can do without. We got there around 6:45 on Tuesday. Easy. No wait, the place was starting to fill up, but we still got seated right away. Nice! We sat down, were still waiting for a friend and our server came over. He talked to us about the beer etc and was nice. We started to put in our food orders, 1 order of bacon fat popcorn, 1 goat cheese salad, 1beet salad, two farm burgers, 1 chicken sammie, 1 stew, 1 side of mashed potatoes.  Let's start from the top: 1. Bacon fat popcorn. Umm DELISH! SOOOO good. The shaved parm is nice, the bacon bits are good, and it's just nice and salty goodness. One warning though...don't look down...in the bowl that is. The bacon fat just collects all at the bottom like a HUGE pool and it's kind of gross. I would maybe scoop all the popcorn out from the bowl onto the plates so that you don't have to accidentally dip your hands in any of it. 2. Goat cheese salad....I didn't have any, my friend liked it, so good. 3. Beet salad. Good. I was kind of hoping for the beets to taste like the beets at Purple Pig, but no such luck. Still good, and would maybe get it again. 4. Farm burgers. I asked mine to be medium....pink but not bloody. Ok, easy enough. When the plate came out, I had no top bun and cold fries. Um...what?! How does that happen? I had to track down the server....get the top bun, get the new fries. Great. However, the burger was not so good. It was dry, was super bland, and just blah. Nothing special. 5. Chick Sammie got eaten...my friend said that she liked it. 6. Stew my friend said was super good too. 7. Sides: french fries fresh and good. The mashed potatoes?! AMAAHHZZZIIINNNG. Blue cheese potato salad? A little tooo creamy for me, but still good. I didn't try their beers ( I know! What was I thinking? Oh, that's why I was driving. Bah!) but I would go back for their beers and some sides.....probably not for dinner though.
