I don't know if I'd call it a revolutionary realization, but people like good food paired with their pints. Craft beer brewed in house? Even better. And who doesn't love the quintessential neighborhood bar? Well, Revolution Brewing has all of the above elements. And even early evening on a Monday, people are flocking... not an empty table in the brewery, and only the sporadic, lone bar seat. The good news for us is that we only had to wait about 10 minutes for a table. I was prepared for bad acoustics as a few friends mentioned it was excessively loud. I say-- not so much at all! Our party of four was able to hold easy conversation without straining to talk or hear. We started with a few appetizers-- the bacon fat popcorn (tasty with TONS of thick bacon) and the steamed mussels. They offer two versions of the mussels: the classic style prepared with white ale, celery, shallot, and bay leaf; and the other prepared with hard cider, blue cheese, leeks and Fuji apple. Usually I'd go with v.1 as I order something similar at Hopleaf and admittedly, I get a bit skeeved out about cheese and seafood together. However, I really enjoyed their fresh take on this dish and if I was sitting closer, would've probably ate more than just a few. Boom! For my main, I ordered one of the evening's specials which was a pork belly sandwich. It was served on some type of soft multi-grain bread which I felt was an incorrect pairing. The pork belly is so rich and fatty and could have used more substantial armor. Though good, the threat of falling apart was always a possibility. Even better than the sandwich was the side I choose-- the cream cheese garlic mashed potatoes. So outrageously delicious that I could probably eat an entire wheelbarrow full of 'em. And after this meal, I could have been wheeled out in one, too! For dessert... they have a chocolate bread pudding that tempted but my beer had already filled the last of my stomach real estate. I ordered the Bottom Up Belgian Wit which was better than average but not mind-blowing. What I did covet was the Coup D'Etat (a dry and slightly spicy French-style saison). Next time, I'm all over this one. Cool, sparkling new space. Welcome to the 'hood, RBC!
