I don't even know where to begin. The Publican and everything about it, overwhelms me with happiness. I've been here 4 times and each time keeps getting better and better....and I keep getting more and more adventurous in what I try. ((I'm so proud of my non-adventurous self!!)) Must Trys - - The pork rinds. I've learned this is what REAL pork rinds are suppose to taste like...not that crap out of a bag. - Taste of 3 hams - serrano, la quercia, and benton country? Yes, please! And make that a double order. - Farm chicken - the 1/2 order with the summer sausage and frites. - Daily pickles - I'm a sucker for pickled veggies. yum. - Desert - Whatever they have - try it. You won't regret it. I ate the BEST bread pudding of my life at the Publican. Nothing has compared since. I've had a variety of other sausages, ribs, and pork dishes. None of them I didn't like. My favorites happen to be the vegetable dishes. The way the vegetables are paired with other foods, spices, and flavors just amazes me. My favorite was the parmesan, roasted cauliflower to DIE for. Literally.  I promised myself that after my first dining experience here that if I was going to go to the Publican, I was going to try something I normally wouldn't. As a non-seafood eater, I have tried the scallops and the mussels. Both of them delicious. ((I can't believe I just said that!!)) I've also tried the duck heart & blood sausage. Both which I thought I would instantly vomit up - and both of them I really enjoyed. Especially the duck heart- who knew?!? Clearly this isn't the place that serves Coors Light, so I usually will branch out and try a new beer or two as well. The atmosphere is definitely fun, but not a great place for an intimate date. I was skeptical about communal table, but found it really made the atmosphere much more lively. Plus, I could easily glance over to see what other diners were ordering without having to do that creepy stare. ((You know exactly which one I'm talking about)) Plus, most of the people are quite friendly and engage in conversation around the food. Afterall, there's quite a bit to talk about! Making the trek to the Publican from the burbs is well worth it. It's on my to-do list to get up at the crack and make my way downtown to have breakfast there. I've heard nothing but spectacular things about their Sunday brunch and Afternoon menus as well.
