Stepping into the Violet Hour is like stepping into a wayback machine. In a good way... Back to the good era, where people didn't need to worry about what is going on with the stock market, they were just out for a good time, having a few drinks with friends. Walk in and you're in another world... Everything is dark tones, but not dark. The chairs are very high, which gives you the feeling that you're the only table there because you can't really see a lot of the other patrons. The music is now a nice jazzy music. The drinks are skillfully crafted to the tee, no detail left unthought of. Their drinks are scientifically made, using the right liquors, ice, methods. The drink menu is organized by base liquor... there's a vodka, gin, tequila, sparkling, whiskey, brandy, cordials, and I'm sure I'm forgetting what other sections. All drinks here are $11 ...  If you think that's expensive, consider this.... the liquors involved are top shelf liquors. Many of the drinks probably involve ingredients a lot of people have never even heard of these days, which is saying a lot right there.  If you want a cheap drink, go to any of the other 300 ordinary bars in the 4 block radius, don't pick on this place for doing something different. But, ironically, the same drinks made with the same liquors at those bars would probably actually sell for more money than $11. So quit whining about that. I had the Spring Sazerac, which was a very potent sipping drink... Of the drinks I tried, I can't actually remember the name of my favorite. It was a reddish one that I think was named after a girl and I believe had Licor 43 in it (maybe it was the La Paloma?)? Or did I make that up? I do want to try their Pimms Cup. Their version has strawberry in it, which actually isn't part of a "standard" Pimms cup... But it sounds like a good addition (plus I don't really like cucumber, and sometimes they're too cucumbery for my liking, the strawberry would mask that I assume). ... and the Sunburned Dane??!? I mean, come on, it's name after me.. I'll have to go back and try that. I love the no cell phone policy.  If you don't, you probably don't "get" it. You're also probably the one taking flash pictures across the room causing everyone to cringe. For those of you who tote your camera along, STOP taking flash photos here. It's annoying to some of us who are just out trying to relax.  VERY annoying. I don't know for sure, but I think the rush to this place has died down... I'm told mid-week there isn't a wait often. I'd probably steer clear on a weekend though, unless you go expecting to wait a bit outside. It's a truly unique experience that can't be found at too many other places (anywhere else in Chicago for that matter). I'm adding Violet Hour to my "out of town" guest itinerary. .... Update: August 9 - Tried to go there last night and they were closed for a private event... closed a Friday night?!?! how f'in lame a-holes.
