Is it possible to give negative star ratings? This was straight up fraudulent. The polenta: the cornmeal itself was actually good. The problem is that the menu says "creme fraiche and feta". In reality it was crema mexicana (sour) and some cheese that was more like a queso fresco, not feta. It tasted good, but why the lies? The "Saganaki": this was poor execution. Crispy on the outside, as it should have been, but the center was dry and hard. Not creamy and smooth the way it should be. My fault for ordering this dish at a Romanian restaurant, though. The Signature Dish (braised short rib goulash): This was the biggest dissapointment, and the most fraudulent dish of all. For one, who makes goulash with no trace of paprika, or salt for that matter? Second, the "short rib" was actually a completely dried out, over cooked cut of beef that was certainly not a short rib. You can tell by the grain of the meat, all wrong. Regardless of what meat it actually way, how can short rib be chewy and fatless? Third, the "tomato stew, beef jus" was actually just tomato water, not jus. Fourth, the "ricotta" gnocchi did not have the light, fluffy texture that you get when you make them from fresh ricotta. Instead they were clearly made from potatoes and were doughy and heavy, like the frozen garbage you'd buy at Dominick's. The wine: The list was sparse, and they were out of their Romanian cabernet. So instead we reluctantly ordered the Sangre de Toro, $36. Again, why the rip off? You can get this bottle at Foremost Liquors for $7. That means we paid more than 5 times the shelf price for a very mediocre wine. Even in the best of times restaurants can't get away with a 5x mark up. This was insulting. To sum up, the menu grossly misrepresented the food we were actually served, and we were way overcharged, more than $100 for 2! And, my wife ate only vegetables. Tellingly, the only other people in the restaurant on a Saturday evening was an obnoxiously drunk couple at the bar. Granted, we go out early, but this place was EMPTY. We learned the hard way exactly why...
