Let me begin with the front of the house; we walked in and the host did not open his mouth to greet us, he merely made a face. That was not a good thing. Our waiter Andy was very attentive and spoke so clearly and so nice that I have to praise this place just for having him. He is a real professional. My friend ordered wine and I ordered a locally produced beer, when my beer came it was at room temperature and sadly not good enough to be consumed that way, but I pointed out and got a cold one in no time; again points for Andy. We noticed that every table had a plate of peanuts and we wonder if we have to order them or if was complementary, in the latter case we felt left out as nobody brought us anything, even a neighboring table that was seated way after us got a plate. Andy again seen to had read our minds and discreetly said something to a busboy and suddenly we had one nice plate of boiled peanuts, never had them before and definitely can live without it, again points for Andy, not so good for the house. We decided to order the crawfish croquettes appetizer. They were bland and over fried, made with rice as a filler which is OK but the overall looks and taste did not amount to more than something made with leftovers and not even the sauce was unique or at the very least appealing. I have to tell you the house is still losing. I ordered the shrimp burger and my friend ordered the shrimp and oyster pilau. The burger was Ok but it tasted funny and when I said funny I mean cheap and not any better than the next greasy spoon burger. The pilau was definitely a complete let down, who thought of charging $18 for canned tomato soup mixed with a few sad shrimps and oysters accompanied by some unappealing rice; was definitely wrong. I don't mind spending money for good food but this was ridiculous, this was an awful dish for an outrageous price tag. I have to say that that our choice of dessert was good, the bread pudding taste homemade but again not any better than that one you get at Country Buffet. Either you improve the quality of your food or you charge accordingly and this would have made our meal no more than $30 instead of $65.
