Very disappointed with this Westin because of their reputation and I usually have great stays at their hotels. I stayed at this one for a night downtown with my fiance. The location is great and the decor is exactly what you'd expect from a Westin. The woman at the front desk was very friendly when she checked us in. We ate at the lobby restaurant, which was a HUGE disappointment. Our waitress was extremely frazzled and kind of made us uncomfortable because she was going 100mph and blaming others who worked at the lounge for how long it was taking our food. Originally we sat off to the side because no tables were open (we were joined by a friend for dinner) and the waitress approached us and we told her we'd like to wait for a table to open up. We saw one open and she said it wasn't in her section (we thought "so what?") and then told us she'd clean off a table in her section and then proceeded to seat us there. We ordered off the sushi and dinner menus. The sushi was a huge disappointment. I was expecting really original, creative rolls but there was nothing too extraordinary. It was good, but I'm not too picky. I've definitely had MUCH better sushi. My fiance ordered a spider roll (he gets one every time we get sushi) and barely touched it because he said it tasted awful and was the worst spider roll he's ever had. Off the dinner menu, I ordered the ratatouille ravioli and my fiance ordered the pork chop. My ravioli fell short of my expectations. My fiance's porkchop was bland, the "fries" that came with it were dry and the brussel sprouts... oh my goodness. Like I said, I'm not a picky eater, but I took a bite of half a brussel sprout and wanted to spit it out. It was awful. My fiance was in a bad mood after dinner and said he wouldn't mind spending so much money on food if it was actually good. After we checked out the next day, I realized I left a pair of heels in the room. We called and the hotel said they didn't find any shoes but would let us know. I thought the service would be better that whoever cleaned the room would've notified someone and then we would've received a call, but I guess not.
