Have you seen I Shouldn't Be Alive on Animal Planet or Discovery? You know, the show where people set out on various outdoor adventures and then BAM! Some guy gets his foot mauled off by a rogue bunny rabbit and then some girl dies of acute hair failure after she runs out of product and whoever is left standing after they get rescued gets to narrate the tale to a high end cable network while people better looking than him/herself reenact the story for the camera. Well, fortunately, none of that happened to us, but a Tri Taylor tale (get it? Tale? Taylor? Never mind) of adventure did turn to one of disappointment. We rolled up 2 deep at 8-something on a Friday night and were seated immediately, which ruled, but after being seated, we sat... and sat... and sat. Our waiter eventually approached the starving us. He was perfectly nice and helpful, but seemed to be besties with someone at every table except ours, engaging in long conversations with various diners while we sat waiting. This happened over and over throughout the meal, and got old pretty quick. The food was hit and miss. The big hit was the warm squash, farro, hazelnut, goat cheese salad. The big miss was the pizza, whose crust was sad and droopy and which wasn't kicking much brand new flavor in anyone's ear. The rest of the food fell somewhere in between, but imo, few dishes were as good as the food at Purple Pig, which I never reviewed btw, so here is my review: 5 stars. Purple Pig is the best restaurant I've ever been to whose name combines a color with an animal. That includes Browntrout, Green Zebra, and Green Dolphin, the latter of which does serve up a mean braised dorsal fin. Fin.  Anyway, when the bill came, we realized we'd been fully Munsoned. A corkage fee? Yes, a corkage fee for wine we ordered off the menu. *Hampster begins running on wheel* Great Scott!!! I've got it. Not a plan to go back to the future, but for a bar that serves $2 mixed drinks... with a nominal $5 mixing fee. In fairness, the corkage fee is listed somewhere on the wine menu if you look for it and the wines do seem reasonably priced, but it caught us off guard since we weren't looking for a corkage fee. (I say corkage a lot.) I feel bad dropping a deuce on Davanti, because I like the concept and I like all the other restaurants I've dined at in the Francesca family, but this was not a good experience, nor an inexpensive one.
