Extremely disappointing! Maybe my expectations were too high, or maybe I just don't actually like "real" Chinese food. Either way, it was not worth the trek. On their menu, we did not see egg rolls listed, only spring rolls, even though Steve Dahl is quoted on their menu as saying they have the best egg rolls. So we asked our waiter if they did serve egg rolls, he said yes, so we ordered 2. What came out were definitely spring rolls, and not very good ones at that. Too much over fried crispyness on the outside or something. We also ordered the crab rangoon, which also were too fried and not very flavorful. Maybe I'm just used to the kind of rangoons that are mostly cream cheese with little crab, but I think these had heavy crab and little cream cheese, which in my book were not very good. I read the rave reviews here on yelp of the ma po tofu, and since it was listed as one of their spicy specialties, I ordered it. This was probably one of the most disgusting dishes that I have ever been served in my life. Ok, that may be a bit of an overstatement, but it was inedible. I'm not sure if they used silken tofu or what, but it was like eating mushy baby food but with an even more weird texture. The flavor of the spicy sauce was decent, but since the majority of the dish was mushy tofu, it was inedible. Even my boyfriend who eats anything didn't like it.  My boyfriend's dish wasn't nearly as terrible as mine, it was also from the spicy specialty menu, some kind of spicy chicken chili dish, which he said was quite good but way too many hard, inedible peppers in the dish. It was quite spicy by his account, he was definitely sweating and his face was flushed while eating (which is a good thing).  My mom ordered the kung pao chicken, which was the highlight of the meal, the flavor was what one would expect from top notch kung pao. This dish was at the level we thought all the dishes would be....alas, we were not that fortunate.  Will not return, would much rather try the hundreds of other Chinese restaurants nearby than return. Or I should probably just stick to Thai food....more veggies, less oil and better spicy flavors....
