The first time I came here was with a group of 12, one of our friends was moving to Chile, and this was his farewell dinner. We had a reservation for 8:00pm. They tell you on the phone that if you are late, you lose your reservation after 10 minutes. Ok, understood. We were checked in by 8:00, but still waiting on 3 people for our group. We ended up losing our table because of this, but they said that they would have another one ready if we just waited 10 minutes. Ok, that's fine. Don't mind waiting, BYOB, and they have a lovely outdoor patio in the back. 10 minutes pass, then 15, after a half hour we asked what was going on. One of the hostesses said they would check. She did not return. One of the people in our group went up to the hostess stand to see what was going on, and she said that they would have another table for us, they were setting it up and someone would be back to get us. This never happened. In the mean time we saw a large group arrive, wait, and be seated. We went up to ask a 2nd time what was going on. None of the hostesses seemed to know, and told us another time that they were setting up our table. At this point we saw ANOTHER large group get up and be seated. We waited an hour and 45 minutes after our reservation time to be seated. The only reason we DID get seated was because we had been up to check so many times and didn't care WHERE they sat us. It turns out that the owner of this place was sitting in the patio right behind our group while we were waiting and discussing the situation, and he did not do anything until later. We would have gone somewhere else, but at that point in the night there wasn't anywhere that would take 12 people with a bunch of alcohol. I'm an understanding person. I get that our entire group was NOT there at 8pm on the dot and I didn't mind waiting for another one. Although we did have a majority present. I wasn't even upset the first time they told us to wait while they found us a table as there was a wait. I used to work as a hostess and a waitress, I understand how stressful it is. I understand that things go wrong and I have dealt with customers who experience these things. However I have never given a customer attitude. My understanding ends when a hostess gives attitude because they don't have control over a situation.  When we finally sat down, we were hoping the food would at least make up for it. It did not. The steak which they are supposed to do really well, was sold out. Half of our table had ordered it. It was at this point that the owner had stepped in and offered half off of a substitute steak. I had the avocado salad which was very good. However it is a salad. It's hard to screw that up. Based on feedback from the rest of the crew, it wasn't good. Those that had the cuban sandwich felt a little queasy afterwards. Those with the steak complained it was cold and bland. I will say that it was almost 10pm by the time we ate, and I'm SURE the cooks in the kitchen were ready to go home. Understandable after a busy night of large groups.  I will say that our server was a trooper. He had no idea what had happened and was excellent even though it WAS the end of the night. Also, it was very nice of the owner to give the discount he did.  So, why did I not give this place 1 star? Because I actually had plans to come back the next week with some friends (made prior to being there, someone else had chosen the place couldn't change it at that point). This time around went a little smoother and the food was much better. I can see why this place is as popular as it is. It is unfortunate that our group experienced what we did. I'm sure we were the exception and not the rule.  I still do not think that I will be going back here.
