10/10. well, i am biased. so what? how can i not be biased about a restaurant run by bunch of humble people, who are absolute experts and artists? i have been going to schwa now for almost 5 years (4.5) ...last time i was at schwa was around 7 or 8 months ago. so hard to get in, even though i always try to have a standing reservation there, and insist "guys whenever there is an opening just call me, i come..." they called me today and asked me if i wanted to go. wow, on a saturday evening, going there alone? will i not waste their table? i asked them but they were friendly and welcoming as always... they also told me to dress comfortably because the restaurant is pretty warm... all obedient me walked there from my home.... ambiance: 10/10 (taking away the air condition factor). food: 10/10 service: 10/10 value: 10/10. can i rate that higher? schwa can easily charge 30 bucks more and be ahead of others in terms of value. in the last two weeks i have been to some so called pricy restaurants including alinea, L2O, and moto...all around schwa stands out. don't take me wrong. alinea is an experience that i welcome anytime...schwa, aside from act of god reservation, is no event. it is simple, beautiful, delicious, everything without hitting you on the head. also the price is reasonable, so much so, that i normally leave about 28 to 30% tip. one thing i noticed at schwa is that even here, guys with a mate on a date, still walk ahead of their womenses...guys, please first show the womenses the way, not that they donot know, go to the left, extend the left arm, open the door and walk behind of them. you still get to the car at the same time. anyways in places like schwa this shows less as the restaurant is small. in places like L2O where there is a long walk and the womenses (archi bunker, i love you) walk on their so high heels, with their shoulders totally bent forward to keep their balance it shows a lot more. i hope schwa will be recognized on michelin...if not, good yelpers will know where to go anyways.
