I have been anxiously waiting to return to Schwa for over a year now and last night was finally my night. For months I have checked the website, google searched, and actually called once a week to see when they would open their doors again. Finally a month or two back an actual person answered the phone and took my reservation! We armed ourselves with two bottles of Sauv Blanc and what turned out to be another overhyped California Chardonnay (Schwa is BYOB!). All four of us ordered the ten course tasting menu and sat back an enjoyed the eclectic hip hop and awaited our first dish. Below I have listed the ten courses with brief descriptions of each. (The chef added two courses which brought the total to twelve) amuse Chilled Grapefruit something a rather with Table Side Shaved Black Truffles. This bit was served atop a glass cube and we were instructed to throw it back like a tequila shot. stone crab: bananas, celery, coriander This dish was excellent. Baby bananas, banana puree, celery puree, a warm brioche banana thingy, and some delicious crab. It sounds a bit all over, but the flavors worked very well with one another. beer cheese soup: chimay, pretzel A very intense chimay based soup served with chimay foam, mustard skins, and a pretzel. The soup was amazing and rocked your mouth as soon as it hit your tongue. pad thai Marinated jellyfish replaced your traditional noodles and a peanut puree replaced the crushed peanuts you're used to, but oddly it all ended up tasting like really good pad thai. artic char roe: pumpernickel, lemon, rutabaga Pumpernickel blinis with roe. Yum Yum Yum..... kona kampachi: galangal, lime, maple Yum! liver & onions Not your traditional liver and onion. antelope: butternut squash, white chocolate The flavor combination on this dish was as odd as it was delicious. cheese Truffles and cheese cake. Hmmmmm... Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmm. dessert Candied sweet breads! Nuff said. canape: sea urchin ice cream Not sure if this will ever be part of Baskin's 31 flavors, but it was interesting. ravioli: quail egg, truffle oil I had this dish on my first visit to Schwa and was excited to say the least to see it again. Rich and beautiful! The space is warm, minimal, and TINY. I counted 24 total chairs. Despite what many say the service has been on point on both visits. Despite the lack of a wait staff the folks at Schwa are friendly, informative, and attentive. It's like the geek chic love child of Moto and Alinea! Phenomenal experience and brilliant food. 4 Ten Course Tasting Menus ---------------------------------------------- $540 NOTE TO THOSE WHO HAVE NEVER BEEN AND WROTE NEGATIVE REVIEWS: I know that it's almost impossible to get reservations, but you have to give this place a break. They only have four people working there and twenty four seats available each night. They offer a $200 tasting menu for $105 and that causes serious demand. I'm sure if they hired a hostess, a sommelier, bussers, servers, and reservations person the price would raise and Schwa wouldn't be Schwa anymore. Finally, If you want the proper wine glasses, I'm sure Schwa would be fine with you brining your own.
