Well. I am sort of kind of totally obsessed with Mexican food, and I have a total crush on Rick Bayless' cooking. I mean, the man was on Top Chef All Stars! I wouldn't call myself a foodie, as I can happily eat White Castles and sushi in the same weekend, but I still love to eat good stuff. And since XOCO is way more affordable than Frontera Grill or Topolobampo, I figured this would be a good way to experience Mr. Bayless. We went a day or two after New Year's. Luckily it wasn't very crowded. It was on a Monday, and XOCO isn't usually open on Mondays, so maybe we just tricked the crowd. Also it was around 3:30, kind of a weird time to be eating. We got there and the scary line everyone hears about wasn't that bad. BUT! OH SNAP GUESS WHAT I SAW. Rick Bayless was THERE. I could have just left without eating and fangirled myself back home, but we had come all that way, so my friend calmed me down and we got down to the business of deciding what to get. We ordered the carnitas sandwich and soup with carnitas, which they graciously allowed us to split. Gave us two separate bowls and everything! The sandwich was in a sort of spicy red sauce that I would happily eat as soup. That made the thick bread a little more manageable. The flavors were delicious and I almost wished I could have eaten the whole damn thing myself! The soup was great too. Light and fresh with tender pork and little bits of avocado. The squeeze of lime really pulled it all together. As we were finishing we were asked if we wanted any hot chocolate. Of course we had ordered churros, so it didn't take much convincing to add hot chocolate onto the meal. I got the Aztec style with the hot spices mixed in. Very interesting and a perfect compliment to the crunchy sweet churros. If the only churros you've had are the ones you get normally around Chicago, please do yourself a favor and get some at XOCO, they are worlds different. Talk about melt in your mouth! I definitely want to go back. The menu isn't huge, but I want to try everything. I might not even share. It's that good. And maybe I'll get up the nerve to say hello to Rick Bayless!
