I don't know people! Maybe I'm crazy!? Maybe I don't appreciate the so called "finer" things in life (although I would have to say that friends and family would argue that point). I was just totally UNIMPRESSED with Violet Hour! I read the reviews and had really great expectations. We came here on a Sat. night for a friends b-day gathering and there were about 9 people. Several people had arrived earlier to put their names on the waiting list, and waited 2 hours (1 hour over the reservation time)! To me this is insane! Especially since you can't even have dinner there..or even for dinner, I would not wait 2 hours. The group had waited at a bar across the street, so I didn't even go into the lounge until we were ready to get seated. I thought to myself as we were walking over "this place has got to be amazing"! I could not believe the line at the door, it was insane. All the people were crammed into this small space and you could barely get in or out for that matter.  So we walk up to this curtain. Yes, a heavy velvet curtain and people wait behind it like they are waiting to see the great wizard of Oz...we were rushed in front of the curtain and it was immediately closed behind us (weird). We were all asked to take out id's and present them and were then lead to a back room. I looked around and the decor and lighting seemed funky and the crowd was pretty mixed - different ages, backgrounds, and dress. We had a larger group and it was really hard to have an intimate conversation. The drink menu looked interesting and we ordered a variety of drinks, and the 4 of us that sat close to one another were not impressed with what we got. The descriptions were much more appealing then the taste...PLUS, whole glass is consumed by one giant ice cube, so you aren't even getting much of the drink (ask for no ice, or on the side)! People ordered some appetizers and they looked fine, but I did not try anything so I can't comment on the taste. Everything was pretty simple and hard to screw up. Our waiter was completely unfriendly and standoffish. One person had ordered an appetizer and he didn't bring it over. When she asked about it, he was like, "oh did you want to order that"? No, I'm sorry I didn't get it, or hear you or anything like that. His tip was included due to the size of the group...but his personality and skills were lacking. He acted as if he was too good to be serving us...we were put off. The overall experience here was just disappointing to the point where we were actually happy to leave. I think if you have a smaller group, it could be better, but our thoughts were....No thanks, not coming back here again!
