This is another spot we've passed a few times going to our other favorites but decided to check it out for lunch today. Sunda is nothing like I'd imagined because at first, stupid glance... you can assume that it's shallow, pretentious and sans food worth digesting. I am enthralled that was totally wrong about the good cuisine here! I started with a nice glass of Trace merlot and ordered one of the best bowls of miso I've sucked down in about 10 years... ever since my favorite Japanese place near Wrigley closed that used to make homemade sakuri mochi wrapped in toasted cherry leaf. Well this miso isn't overly-salted and is quite generous with the seaweed and tofu. WTF is up with other places skimping on something so cheap as tofu in their miso? What gives? Not Sunda. This is a nice bowl of miso that comes to the table in heavy porcelain. Next up in my lunch special were 3 tasty and most spicy tuna rolls. They're the perfect size for a lunch special and did not have me wanting to reach for wasabi. Didn't have to dip it in soy sauce. Just ate it. Finally, a huge bowl of shrimp and sea bass green curry came to the table and it was so much fish in it that a hungry guy like could me split it with my friend and we both had well enough to spill over our mounds of rice. The dish was kissed with lemongrass, peppers and pineapple in the most sensual way. i wasn't supposed to be having these erotic feelings while on the clock! I'm usually NOT a fan of green curry (prefer red or yellow) but if I can find it the way Sunda offers it, it can become my favorite. We argued about dessert and finally decided to pick both the cookie bites sampler and the thai creme anglais choc molten cake with rice crispies. We made our way through the intensely-flavored cookies bites and found that the tangerine bar (will make u say screw lemon!), molasses and brown sugar tasting cookie and the brittle were awesome. The molten cake was saved for last and I swear to you I wondered if it was New Year's because this cake was so savory, it had a pleasant hint of black-eye peas in it! I know that may seem gross to read or imagine, but this really works along with the chocolate and cream. Never had anything like it! ------ UPDATE: We've since been back to Sunda a number of times for an early lunch and it hasn't disappointed. Andrea has served us a couple of times and goes out of her way to make us feel comfortable. We are definitely fans of their taro coconut bread pudding made from brioche. The LaVazza coffee is great after a nice glass of Trace Merlot.
