Gino's vs Giordano's Part I Like any good tourist, I do my duty: - I wear clothing that's inappropriate for the season. - I carry a camera everywhere I go. - I never ask for directions or advice when I can Google it online. This is how I managed to distill the age-old conundrum of who makes the best Chicago-style deep dish pizza down to two establishments. Sure, many native Chicagoans will read this review with disdain and guffaw at my choices. They'll say something like, "Silly tourist! Everyone in Chicagoland knows that Mike's Pizza Shack makes the best pies!!"  My response, "fuck you." All I know is what my GOD GOOGLE tells me. And Google says that the fight is on between Gino's and Giordano's. To ease any fears that you may be listening to some sissified, pinky-pointing, tree-hugging Californian... relax. I've done my time in the Midwest. I spent 4 long, cold years in Milwaukee (brew capitol of the world) eating food for the commoners. I enjoy a good brewskie and brat just as much as anything a Michelin 3-star kitchen can throw at me. Now let the battle begin! Round 1 - History: Gino's seems to have a lot more locations than I remember during my stint in the Midwest. They've prospered, great. Unfortunately, with success comes laxity and the tendency to cut corners. 9 years ago, I stepped into the original Gino's and the place just oozed history, character, and cheese. During this trip, wifey and I decided to head out to one of Gino's mutant clones to see if his hell-spawned offspring could still produce a decent pie. Round 2 - Decor: Who the hell could miss that obnoxious sign out front. Sure, they try to make it all "old-school" and stuff, but that don't fool me. After walking in, I got a strange chill up my spine. The place half-reminded me of TGI Friday's. An army of happy-clown servers descended and begged me to take a seat like the ol' carnival hacks of yore. Yeah, there's graffiti over most every surface, but the place still seemed inordinately sterile and chain restaurant-like. The gargantuan size of the place didn't help. I can imagine dinner on a Friday night here with loads of chirpy tourists and businessmen trying to blow off steam from the work week... I almost wanted to cry. Round 3 - Food: I suppose if you really wanted to, you could ignore my earlier meanderings and just skip to this section. After all, the food is what it's all about, huh? Like all decently prepared deep dish pizzas, time is a major factor. You can't cook a massive hunk of dough, cheese, and fixins 3 inches thick in an instant - time is important. For this reason, a typical wait for your pie is 45min to an hour. Don't come to Gino's if you're in a rush. Gino's pie is an impressive sight. It even LOOKS heavy before you grab a slice. The cheese is sufficiently stringy, the sauce is flavorful and has big chunks o' tomato, and they're plenty generous with the fillings. As any pizza aficionado will tell you, it's all about the crust. Gino's has a nice cornmeal crust that's dense, but not greasy at all. It's chewy and has great texture. But like all deep dishes, it can only be best enjoyed fresh as the crust will get soggy if you wait too long. Verdict: A fine pie! And worthy of the Gino's name. Other than the chain-store atmosphere, you won't do wrong by stepping into this place and overeating.
