Let me preface this review by saying The Purple Pig was so delicious that we came back for a second visit on our four-day trip in Chicago. If I could have eaten here every day, I would have. Highlights of my meals include: Chicken Thigh Kebabs with Fried Smashed Potatoes and Tzatziki - Seriously, I am still dreaming about how amazing this chicken was. The skin on the outside was really crispy and salty, but the chicken inside was incredibly juicy. A feat of science! Pig's Ear with Crispy Kale, Pickled Cherry Peppers & Fried Egg - I think I was partly expecting hunk of chewy meat, but the pork was crunchy, salty and in thin strands. The kale was a great complement and the dish overall didn't feel too heavy or greasy. Mussels with Pancetta, Crme Fraiche and Marjoram - With the addition of crme fraiche, I expected the sauce to be a bit creamy, but it was actually more of a broth. Thankfully this dish is served with bread for dipping, which you'll need so you don't let the sauce go to waste! The pancetta is the real hit in this dish because, well, what doesn't taste better with bacon(ish)? Panino con Nutella (dessert) - Nutella, marshmellow fluff and bananas sandwiched between two slices of thick bread and grilled to perfection. Not sure I really need to say more about this masterpiece. Simply amazing. I would steer clear of the affogato (ice cream topped with a shot of either hot or cold espresso) if you're a fan of the traditional vanilla ice-cream kind. The Purple Pig only has chocolate and cinnamon ice cream on hand and it's just not the same. Never figured myself for an affogato snob but... I'm not ashamed. The restaurant was packed both times I visited, around 2 p.m. on different week days. They have quite a few communal tables (inside and on the patio), but it made the dining experience more casual and fun. The dishes are meant for sharing and it's recommended you get 2 - 3 dishes per person but good luck trying to decide. This place is a must-visit while in Chicago, and perhaps more than once!
