I LOVE MAYAN PALACE! The list is endless of why I love this place so much! First of all, I love the concept of it. It's got enough traditional flair to it that it's not americanized, but enough of a twist so its not following gradma's old cooking skills (which I equally love but its truly an art to balance contemporary styles with traditional ones successfully). Second...can you say best margaritas in the city..at 1/2 price 2 days of the week! Yes, its true, they have amazing margaritas, and that 1/2 price on Tues. and Thurs. also includes the pitchers! Just be careful..they don't *seem* strong and they can quickly sneak up on you. The atmosphere is cozy and very welcoming, and if there's anything I could rate the best out of my endless list, it's the service. Absolutely impeccable. I've been a server for 5 years or so now and never in my life have I ever encountered the service they provide here. My boyfriend and I eat here enough to call this our second home, but it's not because of that that they know us by name. Our very first visit they took the time to get to know us, and the by the second visit they were welcoming us as if we were old friends. The owner, Rudy, is an awesome guy, say hello if you get a chance. You can see how much passion he has for the place when you talk to him! He's also the owner of Taco and Burrito Palaces found on Halsted, more of your traditional fast food mexican joints, fantastic as well though. I've had many of the dishes on their menu and there are a couple I love: *BEST TORTILLA SOUP EVER! So fresh and full of flavor, absolute must! *Any of the filete de Huachinango or Tilapia, these are filets but very meaty and suprisingly filling, I like it al ajo which is packed with garlic but that's how I like it, full of flavor! *Pork in salsa verde...sooooooooo tender, the meat literally falls apart in your mouth, and I'm typically not a huge fan of pork. So delicious though! *Mayan Enchiladas! Filled with chorizo and potatoes, topped with melted cheese. Enough said. Just as a side warning: If you decide to indulge yourself here, beware you will probably find me stuffing my face and it's not a pretty sight!
