Went for lunch yesterday (7-18-10) and had a real bad experience. I have been to Sultan's several times and always thought the service was kind and patient and the food was quite good and at an excellent price. While I still think the food is great and wonderfully priced, I feel like we were treated very poorly by the staff. When I suggested we try Sultan's to my brother he hesitated because he said he was treated very poorly on his last visit. I told him it must have been an off day because I really liked it there. Mistake The two guys behind the counter were beyond smug. Annoyed with some very basic questions, it really seemed they deliberately mumbled all answers. When I asked where the cashier was so I could pay he waived his hand in no specific direction...shewing my yuppy self away. I asked him again and he acted mad and looked at us like we were idiots. Both guys exchanged glances and smirks after each rude moment and we had been nothing but nice. We walked to the back room to find a seat ( and pay) and were told to go back up front to pay. I explained to the much nicer woman the way the guys in the front acted and that they sent us to the back to pay. She acknowledged they needed to learn not to be sarcastic to all of the customers. There was a guy mopping close to us and he saw no need to alter his path as the jerk's mop hit our feet and he wouldn't even look up to acknowledge we were standing right there. My brother told me that was the same guy he encountered on his last visit that barked at him when he asked where the take out menu was located. They were blasting Eastern House music at 11. I do enjoy when regional and ethnic restaurant's set the ambiance with music, but this was the staff enjoying themselves and not setting any tone at all...you shouldn't have to talk over music at a sunday lunch. There are too many options in Chicago for me to come back. I have come to expect hipster service in my hood, but this bordered on confrontational. Skip the attitude here and go to Babylon on Damon. A little more money but much less B.S.
