Went here for a late night dinner last weekend with my boyfriend, his brother and his girlfriend. We had two Groupons (thank goodness) and made a reservation for 9pm. Even at 9pm at night the place was still very crowded and people kept flowing in throughout our meal. We did the full meal deal, started with salad/cheese fondue, had a main entree fondue and then chocolate fondue to end. We ordered the Geja Cabernet, it was a very good wine and was a good choice in my eyes. I am not a fan of cheese, so I opted out of the cheese fondue and just ate the dipping items (the pumpernikel bread was my favorite). The salad was just okay, nothing too special, leafy greens and cucumbers and some fresh ground pepper. The main fondue was great, 3 of us ordered the beef tenderloin and chicken, 1 of us ordered the beef tenderloin and scallops. It seemed that we received quite a bit of vegetables compared to the actual meat. I would have liked a bit more meat for the price we were paying, even with the coupon. However, fondued broccoli is delicious! The chocolate fondue was tasty, I really liked that they flambe it so you can roast a marshmellow and create a "S'more" with the chocolate and graham cracker crumbs. However, I wish there were more marshmellows. The pound cake was my favorite to dip in the chocolate, but we devoured just about everything on our plates. The restaurant itself had a slight oil odor, but that is expected in a fondue place. The tables were very close to one another, and I understand that they are a restaurant in the city and seem to be a popular location, but I would prefer to to join the couple next to me that is trying to have their first date. A little more space between tables/booths would have been nice. The lighting in the restaurant was very dim, this made it extremely hard to read the menu. Additionally, when I lost one of my vegetables in the oil I could not find it until the waiter came over and turned on a flash light. Highlight, they had a live musician; however, I am not sure that many of the patrons even noticed him which I'm sure made it difficult for him to get tips. The price was quite expensive per person, and as I said, I am glad we had two Groupon's to use towards our meal. I did sign up for the birthday/anniversary club because I think it would be nice to come back for those special occasions in my life, but I probably would just opt for dessert and get the chocolate flambe fondue.
