I went here for lunch on a weekday with the fam for my brother's birthday. There was no problem getting a table. The server was very nice and gave us plenty of time to study the menu. My first issue came when I asked him to describe the beers. He really didnt know how to respond to this question.... I further explained that my mom's beer experimentation has gone as far as Miller Light and stopped. He responded... "we have nothing like Miller LIght". Come on guy... work with me. So I asked him what the lightest beer on tap was... he proceeded to tell me that they were out of 3 of the 7 house brews and almost all the "guest beers" on the menu were out too. Trying to get a feel for the menu... I pointed at a house brew and asked what he would compare it to... he said "there's nothing like it". I find this to be annoying. I understand that I'm not going to order something at a brewery and get an exact replica of a Bells or Blue Moon... that's the beauty of a brewery... but I do want an idea of what type of beer it is. I then asked what were popular menu items... the waiter answered "The usuals. Everyone likes the same regular things. Burgers. Pizzas." I was looking for more. Anyhow, we tried almost all the house brews that they had available. The IPA was my favorite. We tried a bunch of the menu items and here is the run down. Sweet potato cakes... a hit for the whole table! Everyone loved them. The polenta fries...ekkk, skim em', very boring tasting... like baby mush. The buffalo pizza, decent. The Hombre burger... ordered med rare came out well done. Disappointingly cooked, but were still pretty damn delicious. Great bun, nice mix with the salsa and avocado... yummmmmm.  Calamari was good... small serving but tasty. Blue cheese potato salad was spot on and the garlic mashed had us all fighting to steal the last bite. Overall I would say this place has a good thing going. They definitely need to train their waitstaff on the menu and how to "sell their beers". Oh and yelp says it's not a good place for kids. We brought our two year old and I was surprised on how well suited it was for her. They immediately brought a high chair, children's menu and crayons. When we ordered her a milk, they brought it out in a children's cup, complete with top and straw. Also, they had options like "side of apple slices" to try and keep it on the healthy side for the little ones. Not bad at all.
