Stop cheering, fans. The Emperor has no clothes. One hour and 45 minutes to sit staring at a blank wall 15 inches in front of me, begging time and again for the cup of coffee I ordered with my chicken sandwich. Rick Bayless is an awesome chef. But he should have hired a consultant for the setup of the front of the house for XOCO. Negatives: - Giant kitchen area but minimal seating area. - The seating area is crowded and horrid, with bare walls In front of most customers. - In line for an hour watching the kitchen staff stand around talking to each other, because they had few orders to cook, as everyone waited for tables to clear and customers to then be allowed to order. - Watching the TWO cash register girls visit with everyone since they couldn't take orders. Is the over-staffing the reason for such high prices? - Why no breakfast after 10:30am? Worried the cooks will have too much work to do? - No takeout until 3pm. The line is long because there's no place to sit, not because the kitchen is busy. - No soup until after 3pm. In chilly Chicago, this makes no sense. Could someone have told Mr. Walk-On-Water Bayless how his unique ordering system, his house rules, and his big-kitchen-no-tables setup stinks? If he hasn't opened a new restaurant in 20 years, maybe he's a great chef but not a great restaurateur??? Maybe the master could have spent some money on figuring out the front of the house instead of spending it on so many signs proclaiming how organic he is and what a god of local produce he is. (Has he read any of the articles about the bad carbon footprint the inefficient growing and consumption of local produce creates?) The food? - Best chicken sandwich I've ever eaten. Even cold when my cup of coffee finally came. Great coffee, great hot chocolate. Wonderful churros. Chocolate biscochos cookies-boring. Maple pecan muffin-very ordinary. But my chicken torta and my wife's Cubana torta were outstanding. Good enough to go back for another hour and 45 minute experience? - Not in a million years!
