This is a continuation of my review of Alinea... 18. Squab in different preparations - sous vide & rillettes, served with strawberry dramatically on a birch log. Tender, packed with flavour, moist, highlight of the mains though course 21 did run it close 19. Black truffle explosion. A Grant Achatz signature dish where the ravioli served holds a flavour bomb of truffle emulsion and is served with romaine and parmesan . If anything is going to explode in your mouth, make sure it tastes as good as this does 20. Palate cleanser of hibiscus tonic 21. Escoffier's beef. Wagyu beef cooked sous vide, then seared. Isn't your mouth already watering just by reading those words? Well, it ate as well as it sounded 22. Lemon soda powder to be consumed in one bite. Conjures childhood memories 23. Raspberry transparency served with yoghurt. How do they make these films so fine and yet packed with flavour? 24. Bubble gum. A long clear cigar sized tube holding hibiscus & creme fraiche tapioca pearls. Fun dish as you had to suck out the contents from the tube 25. Lemon & pine but with caramelised white chocolate served on a plate placed on a pillow filled with Earl grey tea smoke. The plate gradually deflates the balloon as you eat and the scent enhances the food After course 25, the servers cleared my table. But wait, the eagle-eyed among you may have noticed that I hadn't had my 26th course. Well, this is where the magic really happened. Big spoiler ahead for those of you intending to eat the Tour menu, so if you prefer surprises, please skip to the last paragraph! Well, the servers relaid my table with a waterproof cloth and arranged different ramekins on the tabletop. If you've read my previous reviews, you'll know that I like my kitchen tours if I eat at a fine dining restaurant and chef is in service. I was starting to wonder if I should request my kitchen visit, looked down at my mobile phone and looked back up to see Grant Achatz standing at my table!!!!!!! I think my jaw hit the floor. Then, he said that he was going to create my last dessert course himself on my table. In what seemed no time at all, he used different forms of chocolate, coconut, menthol and hyssop to draw on the tabletop - precise drops of gradually decreasing size, smears, streaks, all of which were edible He then told me to come down to the kitchen after my meal where I could take pictures. To this day, I'm still amazed that Grant Achatz cooked at my table. That will stay with me to the end of my dining days Chef Achatz took time to show me round the kitchen and I had my picture taken with him. He is truly a friendly and humble guy Alinea truly is the pinnacle of my dining experiences. The food is innovative & playful but still packs a flavour punch. The whole evening is an unforgettable experience from beginning to end I'm also indebted to my Yelp friend Tess M for forwarding me this inspirational article from the New Yorker about Grant Achatz, which emphasises the amazing journey he has taken to get Alinea to that pinnacle: http://www.newyorker.com
