My wife and I are heading up north to pickup our oldest daughter and bring her home for the holidays. She is getting off work after 6:00 pm and we should go somewhere for dinner. So we all agree on the Chicago Diner. It's a cute little place, looks very clean and everyone that works in Chicago Diner is extremely friendly! We start out our meal with a few appetizers. We ordered the Hummus, the Potstickers and the Taquitos. The Hummus was excellent, I just love Hummus. It was almost as good as the Hummus I had at Semiramis (read an earlier review of mine), which is probably the best Hummus around. The Potstickers, our daughter recommended, she has been here before. She just loved the flavor and taste of the Potstickers. I would have to agree with her, they were very flavorful and tasty. We all thought they were very good. I was the only one who tried the Taquitos and I thought they were very good too. I thought nice and crispy and tasty. The dipping sauces added a little extra punch and flavor to the Taquitos too. For our main courses our daughter ordered the Caesar Wrap, Maria ordered the Mushroom Ravioli and I ordered the Philly Cheese Steak. We all sampled each others dishes. We all agreed my Philly Cheese Steak was the best. The faux steak was good, you could not tell it wasn't real meat. Our daughter's Caesar Wrap was good. Again I could not tell that it was a vegetarian dish. We all thought Maria's Mushroom Ravioli dish was just ok. It was the only true average dish of the whole meal. We all ordered drinks too. I ordered a Banana and Blueberry smoothie, I love smoothies. It was very good! It was a dark blue color, from the blueberries and a strong banana flavor. Maria and our daughter both order tea for their drinks. So overall we highly recommend Chicago Diner. Our total bill came to roughly $65 dollars for drinks, three appetizers and three main courses. A lot of food we thought for the price. It is a tough call though because Maria thought for a vegetarian place this was five stars but only four stars for an overall restaurant. Our daughter truly loves this place. I thought this was a four and a half star place, sooo close to five stars though. I think we will be definitely heading back to Chicago Diner to give it another try at a five star rating and review.
