As others have suggested, the 12 course tasting is ideal. Perhaps because of my experience at Moto http://www.yelp.com/biz/ of having to bail at course 18 of 20, I was a little (molecular), if you will, gun shy. The Moto and Alinea kitchens may share the same tools, but alas, its all in how you use 'em, as they say. In the middle of our 12-course indulgence I do remember commenting that there was actually identifiable food on some of the plates, which was reassuring. Ingredients in their natural and their scientifically altered states shared the same plate, and complemented each other well. 1. Osetra. Actual caviar with foams. Simple and delicious. 2. Pork Belly. Moto, take notes on how to cook pork here. Perfection. A 'thai distillation' shot was also provided with lemongrass and fish sauce flavors to prime you for the course. 3. Brook Trout. Mmm. with roe. Old school presentation to boot (glasses and silverware) 4. Pheasant. Affixed to an Oak twig with burning leaves. In a fried puff with apple and shallot. Tasty 5. Lamb. Flat iron style, 3 chunks of lamb on a hot iron with dabs of pumpkin and eggplant. Paired with 2004 Schwarz Zweigelt, really good. 6. Duck with kumquat. Some reductions here, but actual duck and kumquats. Nice 7. Tomato. Real slice of tomato, figs. Some molecular-ness with the pine nut cheese and olive 'snow', but well executed. 8. Bacon, Peanut Butter, Thai Banana. Mostly molecular-ized. The bacon was just right (hanging from its own holder) and the Peanut Butter had a bit of spiciness. 9. Hay. This is the one with the pillow presentation. Burnt sugar, huckeberry and tobacco flavors with ice cream. Really well done. 10. Chocolate. Yet another dessert course. blueberry tobacco and maple flavors, paired with the classic Warres 2000 Port. 11. Bubble gum. long pepper, hibiscus and creme fraiche flavors presented in glass tube to be slurped up. Was pretty good. Yes, only 11. I think #8 counted for 2 or 3, but was served all at once. Overall, very good and would recommend it to adventurous friends. Please do try Alinea first, if you haven't been to Moto. Our experience at Moto almost turned us away from the genre, but glad we tried it again!
