This is my third review, my second after the one on DHResumes. You'll find that my comments will generally follow what Grams' always told me, "Don't say nothin' at all if you ain't got nothin' good to say." According to Yelp's stats that seems to separate me from more than 50% of Yelpers. In other words, I'll leave the berating to other people, while I'll review the places that I truly enjoy. For my culinary credentials, I grew up in a family that owns several restaurants that create amazing food. I have no association with any of the restaurants that I am reviewing other than that I eat at the mentioned locations and their food makes my stomach happy. Claro?Gino's East is Chicago. I've grown up eating this pizza and the memories are fond. This is the first Gino's East that my mom took me. I remember entering through the doors at a mere seven- or eight-years-old. The decor, which you may have heard about, frightened me and my two older brothers. The door to the downstairs opens right to the bar. There is pen, White-out and marker graffiti covering the walls, ceilings, tables and doors. I thought "This is a mistake" and shuffled closer to my mother's arms. The truth about Gino's East is that it is a family restaurant, safe, sound, cozy, and full of fragrant scents and delicious tasting pizza. My #1, hands down favorite pizza joint in Chicago is Gino's East.Warning: If you are a college student or a competitive eating man, you have never faced the delightful, mouthwatering challenge of eating Gino's deep dish pizza. Take all of your boasts (true or otherwise) about eating 3 whole pizzas in college and bow in humbleness. Your mouth and eyes will be wanting, but your belly will fill after four slices. Gino's East pizzas are definitely pizza pies.Things I Recommend:* Allowing yourself 45 minutes to be served. Deep dish pizzas take longer to bake.* Going on a near, but not empty stomach. The food is scrumptious and filling, but you need something in your tank to get through the preparation wait.* Order only 1 appetizer dish, unless you want to bring an entire pizza home. Trust me, the pizzas are filling.* Go for the pizza with cornbread crust. It's excellent and unique.* Choose the patty sausage (if you're a meat-eater). Imagine how cakes are layered and you'll be able to envisage how Gino's constructs pizzas - a) Layer of deep dish crust? Check! b) Layer of fresh tomato sauce? Check! c) Layer of patty sausage? Check! Wow! Really, check! d) Layer of cheese? Check! Delicious, I'm stuffed. No, you have another piece. Man this pizza is filling. I am humbled and satisfied...* Leave your boasting about eating pizza at the door.* Try to store a wedge of Gino's East pizza in a cheek pocket using the squirrel mouth storage method.* Sign your initials and date of attendance on a wall, chair or other surface.* Remember the experience.
