So, to start things off, I'm spoiled rotten by living in Nashville. We have TWO "Alchemy Consulting" - powered establishments, The Patterson House and The Catbird Seat - take THAT, Chicago. Second, we get our delicious booze for $2 cheaper in Music City! Aaaand I personally think TPH has better and more food offerings.  One thing that is definitely better about TVH is that it has twice as many bathrooms, and they are located inside the bar, not out 'past the curtain'. But enough measuring. So, there is nothing to call out TVH from the outside - just a blank wall with a mural on it with a lamp hanging down. There was a line of people on the sidewalk right in front of it, so like the sheeple we were, we hopped to the back. I was really surprised that it wasn't a longer line for around 7:30 on a Saturday, that would have you waiting for at least an hour back home. Across the street is a nice restaurant by the same owners, Big Star; looks like it would be a good place to grab a bite before or after... After a bit, a guy came out, I'd call him a combo between a host and bouncer (Bost? Houncer?), and he was wearing small dark sunglasses, which at the time, I thought was kind of pretentious. A huge hidden door at the corner swung open and we got inside within 15 minutes. That was when I realized why the dude had on shades. Holy crap, it is dark inside. Especially when it was still light outside. Maybe I need some more vitamin A, but we lost track of eachother and the guy that led us inside. After about 45 seconds of fumbling around in the dark, we found each other and our guide and got seated up at the bar. The bartender that helped us out, Patrick, was very knowledgeable and truly a pro. Nice guy to talk to as well, and while I stuck to the menu, I really got the feeling that he could have done just about anything for me if I told him my preferences. I started with their "Black Sheep Julep", which was an amazing brandy-based julep (that's actually what they were before bourbon), and my buddy got "Coffee & Cigarettes" a rum-based cocktail that had coffee notes and tobacco bitters. My julep was great, but his was fantastic - the tobacco bitters had such nice long finish - what a treat. Second round was "Tobacco Road Manhattan" for me, because I really wanted some more of those bitters, and while it was a damn good Manhattan, the tobacco notes really came out better in that first cocktail. I also think they used Rittenhouse instead of the vanishing Wild Turkey 101 rye. My pal got "She'll Never Settle", which was a bitter-based concoction - just fantastic and clearly the winner of round 2. Round three, because seriously, why not? I went for "The Public Purse", which was a yummy plum gin(????)-based cocktail, and the perfect note to end on. My amigo went down the bitters rabbit hole a bit too far and selected "The Sam Spade", another bitter-based libation, and I warned him that the Laphroaig in it might blow his mouth up, and sure enough it did. Not my cup of tea. But, because he is a professional, he choked it down. We stumbled out after paying our bill (FYI they don't take Discover), and the night air could not have felt better. Thank g-d for mass transit.
