I was lucky enough to get a groupon for brazzaz, which worked out perfect because it was a restaurant that my husband wanted to go to for his b-day!Anyways, we got dressed up (not required but it was fun!) and we went to the restaurant. When we pulled up, we noticed that there was valet. BUT in the same building, not more then 20 feet away was a parking garage. why pay their fees and tip when I can park my own car...however...I must warn anyone who decides to park their car in there, or let them park your car....be aware of crazy valet drivers. because one hit my husband as he whipped around the corner in someones brand new lincoln town-car. he made a sudden stop and didn't hit my husband hard, but they definitely made contact. i was frozen in shock. i couldn't believe what i just witnessed. Needless to say I complained to the restaurant, and they said it was a contract account that they hire for valet. I took off a star because I feel like they just shrugged it off like it wasn't their problem. which I understand to a point, but come on...you hire these crazy people to park your customers cars....I took it upon myself to call the valet service the next morning. so I took care of it.however, enough about that, and lets get on to the review..the atmosphere was very nice...it was dark, but not too dark, they had great colors, and great decor. They have a HUGE salad bar, with much more then salad.We had a lovely waitress named Vanessa. She was a doll. Very attentive and helpful. I love the fact that they have the endless servings of meat. they really have about 50 people walking around with all types of meats. I had a full plate and it was so delicious. one piece of advice, Go there HUNGRY. We had a very good bottle of champagne to celebrate his bday. It was very nice, because we had the bottle at the table, but they would pour it for you, and when glass is almost empty, they will come back around and fill your glass back up. refold your napkins, take your finished plates and give you new ones to start eating all over again. it was great and i recommend this place to anyone wanting a great meal..
