Let me just get this out of the way first: I LOVED Dale Livitski on "Top Chef"--loved his personality, loved his attitude, loved his food. Or at least the way it looked (when are we getting Taste-o-vision??). My friend G? Big fan too. When Dale made it to the finals but didn't win, we were sad--but we started looking for signs that he would return to Chicago and open a restaurant. Last night--the night of the big snow--we had dinner at Dale's wonderful restaurant. And it was everything we hoped it would be.  Others have already described the way the menu works, so I'll skip that and go right for the flavors--which is what it's all about. First, drinks. From the nice selection of special cocktails, I had the Gingerdale--bourbon, sparking water, bitters, and bits of fresh ginger. Refreshing and delicious! G was the winner, though, with the blood orange cosmo, which was just fabulous. For my appetizer, I had the scallop dish--a tender, perfectly cooked scallop served with a parsnip puree, tiny peanuts, and three kinds of corn--fresh, freeze-dried, popped. Sounds odd. Tastes unbelievably wonderful. Dale has a light hand, and the range of textures and flavors was delightful. Entree. Short ribs. Think of the best pot roast you have ever had in your life, then multiply that experience by a thousand. This was a perfect dish in my book--the meat was caramelized and succulent, served in a large bowl with tender sage gnocchi, truffle shavings, just a touch of manchego cheese, and some red cabbage.  I could eat this dish every day of my life. Subtle flavor blendings, lots of texture, and a party on my tongue! A substantial serving too. For dessert, I had the Butternut--sweet squash puree with small beignets and bourbon-flavored ice cream. Exactly the right amount of sweetness, and exactly the right amount of each element. Not too heavy, just a delicious and interesting ending to a wonderful meal. When you choose the prix fixe menu, you get two surprise in-betweens: a luscious, palate-cleansing raspberry/champagne shaved ice and Dale's take on a grilled cheese sandwich, which is hard to describe but with aged cheddar, green apple, and caramelized onions, a treat to eat--served with a small glass of a delicious saugivnon blanc that had light, apple notes that went perfectly with the sandwich. Since there was all that snow, the restaurant was fairly empty last night, which gave my friend and me the courage to ask our waiter if we could say hello to Dale. He stopped by twice and it was such a pleasure to meet this remarkably skilled young man--he's shy, funny, and gracious. And it goes without saying that the guy can COOK! The combinations were all surprising, interesting, and delicious. A real dining experience, enhanced by the very pleasant staff and lovely room. So whether you love "Top Chef" or have never heard of it, Sprout should be on your list of not-to-be-missed restaurants. Congratulations, Dale, and best wishes for great success!
