Geja's Cafe is a solid fondue restaurant, and is dependable for a nice romantic evening. My boyfriend and I tried this with one of their Groupon/LivingSocial deals (they have them frequently, so if you don't have one, I suggest waiting until their next offer). The restaurant is as dark and cave-like as other people have mentioned and the tables are quite close together. We followed another yelper's suggestion and requested a booth (to have a bit more space and privacy) when we called to make our reservation. They did not guarantee the booth but were able to accommodate us upon our arrival. Dining at Geja's is just about identical in every possible way to dining at the Melting Pot. I had hoped there would be a unique quality that separated this fondue experience from every other, but that quality just wasn't there. The wine selection is vast and includes both affordable and more upscale options. The menu items are also solid choices - the cheese fondue is tasty, the entree combinations are plentiful with broth options, and the dessert choices are standard but dependable. I had hoped there would be different choices and I'd be able to experience more original fondue flavors.  I also have to reiterate some other reviewers - unless you are going for a truly gigantic meal and have a huge appetite, the cheese fondue and dessert fondue are more than enough (and they are the best parts anyway!). We went with the cheese flight to start as we drank a bottle of wine and then had salads, cheese fondue, and flaming chocolate fondue. We could barely finish the dessert, and I think we could have easily avoided the cheese flight (which offered a good variety of cheeses and was nicely prepared) and still left with our bellies quite full. If you enjoy the Melting Pot, you'll enjoy Geja's, but don't expect an experience any different from what you've had before. The menu options are basically the same, the tastes are similar, and the prices are comparable. The space is nice for a romantic evening (though a little cramped) and quite honestly, I would recommend it over the Melting Pot for no other reason than the constant Groupon deals. We will go back the next time we have a craving for fondue and a coupon in our hand.
