I signed up Yelp after reading the reviews for 'The Gage' then eating there.... It was my girlfriends birthday and we decided to get out of the Chicago suburbs and spend a night downtown. The hotel we were staying at was close to Michigan Ave and on the suggestion of a close friend who works downtown, we went to The Gage for dinner. We decided to eat at the bar because the place was packed. I had a 8:30 reservation and were running early (I called at 6 and the women who answered said to come at 7 and we would sit down right away) and showed up at 7. After we showed up she told us the wait would be an hour and a half!  After sitting at the bar and making some friends with another couple, we noticed they ordered the deep fried duck livers, they looked good, so we got them. They were decent. The smaller pieces were great and crispy but the larger pieces were pretty bad, very mushy both outside and in. The spicy mustard sauce that came along with it was quite good. I also noticed the couple next to us who later ate dinner, left at least half of their food on their plates. We then ordered a few 3rd course dishes...I got the Rabbit salad and she ordered the lobster bites. The salad was quite good but the amount of rabbit was extremely small, about 1 1/2 bites. I love rabbit and have eaten it many many times, however this 'rabbit' didn't taste or look like rabbit at all, but rather dark meat turkey (which I love). Her lobster had been caramelized in some sort of sauce, I tried a piece and although it was a nice hunk of lobster, the sauce made it so incredibly sweet and you couldn't taste the lobster at all. For dinner she ordered duck and I ordered the ribeye. My steak was cooked well and tasted excellent, I really enjoyed it! As soon as they brought her duck out the gentlemen that dropped it off poured sauce all over the duck and all over her plate. It was quite sloppily done. I have been to many restaurants where a complimentary sauce was poured over the dish, BUT they should ALWAYS ask you to do it first! The sauce was terrible and the duck was cooked medium well!!!!! Come on folks, you can't over cook duck and serve it to people! There was zero red, it was totally brown/grey looking cooked through meat and very very very tough and chewy. The bartender who doubled as our waiter and whom was extremely nice, noticed her distaste by the look on her face. He took it away right away and offered her anything else on the menu. That was kind, we both really liked him. She then ordered the chicken, but it was pretty dry, soggy skin on the outside and totally bland. We both ate a bite or two and left it. So I have some pretty mixed reviews on this place; would I ever go back? Not if I was paying. Dropping nearly $225 on food and 2-3 drinks for us both, it was way over priced for what we received. What you are paying for is their Michigan Ave address. I love spending good money on great food, but this was good money on very very average food. With 5 menu items ordered (out of probably 25-30) and only one being really good, I would say we got a good taste of what this place is really about. I give The Gage 1 star for serving 1 out of the 5 items we ate as something that I thought was quite good.
