My first dining experience here was phenomenal, which is saying a lot considering I was on one of the most infamously horrendous dates of my life. It was a dinner date and the food outshone the rather lackluster company so much so that I've been back every week since. While the dinner is fantastic, as many of the reviews will attest, it's not my Longman meal of choice by a long shot.Typically, if I'm not downing Manhattans at the bar late night, I'm licking my wounds at brunch the following morning. I cannot say enough nice things about Longman's brunch. The service is always stellar. Friendly, but not cloyingly so (an essential component of successful early morning interactions) and they're always ready with helpful recommendations when I'm feeling indecisive. The manager, Alex, is super welcoming and accommodating and always stops by to check on us/talk food/unknowingly fuel my boyfriend's secret man crush on him. A friendly face and a little chit chat goes such a long way and he never fails to make us feel taken care of. The whole staff has always gone above and beyond to make us feel at home there and are more than a little responsible for making it my new favorite brunch spot.As for the food, it's mouthwatering (obviously) and inventive without trying too hard, and comes with a tasty little amuse bouche, and AND includes a breakfast adaptation of my favorite dinner menu app (the tete de cochon). The grape french toast wins the award for most delicious item I would never have ordered for myself had it not been so highly recommended by the staff (it's savory and sweet and essentially a fancy PB&J for adults). The fall strada tastes like everything cozy in the world distilled into one little bowl of goodness and--even though they just made it up on the fly after running out of peeky toe crab--the chorizo benedict (with one hour egg) was so so tasty that my usually veggie-saurus friends could not stop stealing bites off my plate. (Longman employees, if you read these reviews, please put that dish on the menu.)My only complaint is that they don't offer a bloody mary IV drip.
