Step through the doors of this restaurant in a tiny strip mall and you are immediately transported to a Korean BBQ adventure. My friends brought me to San Soo knowing that I love to try new ethnic foods and I'm so glad they did! Also I am really glad with someone who knew what they were doing because I would have felt totally lost here my first time.  We were promptly seated at one of the low tables, which seemed really cool at first, but in retrospect was not a good idea for myself because my knee does not allow me to sit cross-legged for long periods of time. My friends knew which meat was the best so we ordered a variety and got the soft shell crab as an appetizer-yum!. Although, you don't really need an appetizer because your meat is served almost immediately. Then they brought out our own personal grill, our meat variety, and 20+ little bowls with all kinds of mysterious contents. Oh and fresh lettuce leaves and rice too (the bowls, rice, and lettuce leaves are included in the price of meat). The mystery content bowls are the real adventure because you really have no idea what you are eating, unless you are a Korean food expert. Then we were pretty much on our own to grill the meat and make lettuce wraps, while also adding mystery ingredients from all the bowls. The grilling is harder than it looks, but luckily the meat is cut pretty thin so it does not cook long, however it does get stuck to the grill often. We must have been struggling because at one point one of the waitresses came up and showed us how to better grill the meat. I definitely appreciated this because it showed us how it's really done, but was not rude or pushy. Have to take off half a star for the smoky smell that goes home with you on your clothes instead of a doggy bag. Also had to take half a star off for the price, you do get a lot of food, but I still thought it was kind of pricey for meat that you cook yourself. The food really was excellent though, and I left feeling stuffed, satisfied, and later that night I dreamed of meat.
