Let me just start out by saying, I had been wanting to try GE for awhile. I am an avid Top Chef fan, and my friend just graduated culinary school so the two us of were pumped to see what kind of concoctions he was making...ie....twinkie croutons...sounds pretty damn cool! Anyway....I am a firm believer that the way you are treated at a restaurant, actually most places, can make or break it. Service was TERRIBLE! From the minute I walked in, the hostess was rude. I told her my last name, and she goes, "Well you are the first one to arrive" and then stares at me! WTF...I'm sorry! Didn't know on a Wed. night at 9pm, that a party of two was so damn hard to accommodate. Maybe you could have at least offered to tell me to grab a seat at the bar while I'm waiting. Five min. later my friend shows and just before I'm about to order a drink go back to the hostess stand and tell her "my party" is here (btw....the place was dead) she just looks and me and tells me to follow. We sit down, nothing explained, no welcome to Graham Elliot, no your server will be with you....just kinda "here". At this point, my friend and I were about to take off and find somewhere were we felt welcome..but decided to stay b/c we were already there and it was 9pm. Needless to say our waiter did not deliver any better. He didn't explain any of the menu, didn't get his name, when we asked him what he recommends it was two second answers ...ie "the figs". Jesus! Sorry that we are here as paying customers that want to have a good time! And btw, your shit isn't cheap! Therefore as we are staring as the menu, we realize that half of the menu is broken into tastings. Seriously, sir, you need to describe this to people. Next on my list is Alinea and I guarantee they will not do that bs. So as the food is brought out, nothing is explained. I mean that is half of your experience of this place right there. So when the Artic char comes out, we are staring at this plate of food, wishing we could get the menu back to know what flavors we are tasting, as there was ZERO presentation. That is a big suck. Anyway, so after a couple glasses of wine, we decided, hmm....maybe this guy has personal problems and is just having a bad day? maybe this is somehow he second job and he just doesn't give a rats ass about here? but then as he comes back to the table we notice a GE tattoo on his arm...really? If you like the place that much or are somehow related to Mr. Elliot himself, pretty sure, you should start representing his establishment a little better. And to Mr. Elliot, why would you want such a-holes working at your restaurant? Even if you are looking for a certain "cool" vibe, being treating poorly is going to get you nowhere. I am in a business where I talk to many clients a day and I will definitely not be quiet about my experience. This place gets two stars only bc the food was good, but the potential on my night was absent.
