went to piece recently to try their thin crust pizza. i'll get to the good straight away. it is really a very good thin crust pizza. smartly crispy hot when it comes out of the oven. ya might argue that it doesn't stay crispy enough, but it's such a light pizza that you could scarf it down in no time. there are several choices of crust and sauce bases, and the rest of the toppings are at separate cost. not expensive. i thoroughly enjoyed the pizza and would definitely like to try it again. piece is also a brewery. i don't drink (booze puts me to sleep ), but i hear they have a great beer selection.  which is way too bad cuz i'm about to let you in on the bad. the service. correction--the "service." is bad. we sat down, perused the menu, decided what we wanted to order, had a conversation, got a mani & pedi, did my taxes, etc, and still no one came by to see if we needed drinks and/or take our order. i know it's a recession and some folks skip lunch, but i don't go to a restaurant to just sit and enjoy the ambiance. there were two servers working at the time. they walked by several times but it never registered with either one that we were there at their restaurant to eat their food. and pay them for it. my patience was wearing thinner than the pizza's crust. i finally managed to flag one of them down and politely asked if we could place an order. rather than take our order, he went to find out if he was our server. who the f@ck cares? we've been sitting there. long story short, he came back, took our order and brought our drinks.  i looked around during my entire stay at piece and noticed similarly poor service for way too many customers. folks were left looking around and at each other as my friend and i were. so at least their issue is not racism. it's just apathy and/or ineptitude. it wasn't even busy so they were not hurried. you will notice in my first image that they took care to arrange the plates and utensils to match their logo. that's about all the care we got. they never came back to refill our water or to simply ask if everything's all right. when we did ask for more water, the dude took his sweet time. either that or he forgot. he walked by our table more than once before coming back with water, and didn't fill one of our glasses up all the way. service should have been leaps and bounds better for how busy they were not.  great pizza. great pizza. and supposedly good beer. too bad service is an afterthought. 5 star pizza, 1 star service, so 3 stars. and i'm being generous. i recommend that you try the pizza if you've never had it. just get it to go and save yourself the frustration.
