Went to this place a couple of weeks ago on a Sunday around 7pm. The "parking lot" is pretty funny. I have no idea how you could fit five cars in there not to mention the ten or so crammed in there. Kudo's to those drivers who could actually get in and out of that sandbox. We found plenty of residential parking nearby, so it's all good. We walked in and were immediately ignored. Busy waitresses and busboys walked passed us like we were part of the architecture. Definitely a little intimidating. Once I walked up to the register(in the back) and flagged down a waitress, then things started cooking. We were shown to one of the tables in the center section. Just a warning: those tables are really meant for 2. There were 4 of us and it was quickly overflowing with all the little appetizers(pan-chan?), plates of meat, and of course, the large grill taking up the majority of the table in the center. If you have more than 2 people, get one of the tables on the periphery. The "panchan"(appetizers?) are a mixed bag. There's some little pickled/dried fish that were ok, some kind of sweet raisins(?). The worst were the ones covered in what tasted like spaghetti sauce. It was definitely fun passing them around and remarking on our discoveries("oh, that one's basically potato salad", etc.) The Korean "OB" beer is actually pretty good. It's like a combination of cider and Budweiser and is quite refreshing as a chaser to the piles of freshly cooked beef you pull off the grill. It comes in two sizes, small and large. Small is "normal" and large is like a 3/4 sized 40(a 30, if you will) The beef is great! We ordered a beef plate for each of us. The most common ones are actually circled in pen on the menus. I really enjoyed the two styles we got and it was fun wrapping them up in the provided lettuce strips. The ribs were a disappointment. Way more ribs, than actual meat. All in all, I did not come out of this place feeling "stuffed" like I thought I would. Just nicely filled up. The experience here for newbies definitely varies based upon the waitress you get. Ours was super nice and helped us in our choices and grill management(she saw that our grill was getting smoky from charred beef debris and got us a new one). Another lady who brought us a new plate of beef took one look at our overflowing table and just dumped all of the beef right on the grill and walked away. Ok, then. I'd like to give this place 3 1/2 stars because the value for your dollar is questionable. We spent about 100 for the 4 of us, including a couple bottles of beer. It just seems a tad pricey given the amount of food, but the atmosphere and "fun factor" do help a lot. Good first date night if: You're worried about conversation fodder and sitting bored at a table in some bar. All of the little oddities of the place give you something to talk about plus you're always having to manage the grill and deal with incoming plates of food. Also, it's good to see how your potential mate handles multi-tasking and making stuff up on the fly. Kind of like Lego's for food. Bad night for anyone if: You just want to slump into a booth after a long day and chill out to a plate of your favorite pre-cooked meal. Not gonna happen.
