I was taken here simply to share one of their traditional style hot pots. I had never experienced such an gustatorial event, even though I have been a huge Asian food fanatic since the womb. This style of hot pot is different than the clay pot style, which predominates in most Southeast Asian cuisines (Thai, Vietnamese, Cambodian, Southern Chinese I believe). Who knows, perhaps this style is more central Chinese or Nothern. I had never even heard of it before. Initially this restaurant looks like all the others in the Chinatown strip mall, and I would expect no less than above-average food, with poor service in broken English, and of course something of a wait. We didn't have to wait too long and soon we were seated and attended to. Because we were only getting the hotpot for four people, we didn't really need to look at the menu, although the other dishes that I saw floating by to neighboring tables looked fantastic. They brought us an appetizer of spicy cabbage, sort of like a Kimchi dish you would see in a Korean restaurant. It was very, very spicy, but I am in love with spicy food and couldn't stop picking at it. I also noticed that the other table had ordered either cow intestine or pig ear, which usually comes similarly spiced. I am not such a fan of the tripe, but if you haven't ever eaten a Chinese pig ear appetizer, it's not as disgusting as it sounds. Try it! The hot pot came out promptly (this is their specialty after all), and they placed a burner on our table and then a boiling pot of soup, divided down the middle, one side mild and the other side spicy. Next came the platter of raw meats and vegetables that you were supposed to boil in the soup and then take out with these little strainer scooping spoons. The whole process was almost exactly like fondue. All of the offerings were fresh and clean looking, from the sliced beef, to the fish balls, to the cabbage and scalllops. The shrimp were frozen and unpeeled, however, which made for a lack of flavor and a hard time eating them, so we just kind of gave up on the shrimp. If you want chicken you have to ask for it, which we did, but then when it came out it was very mushy. They must pound it or something. It tasted just fine, so I wouldn't be afraid of it. A word to the wise: be very careful with cross-contamination. Make sure, especially with the raw chicken, that you use only one utensil to transfer it to the hot pot, and only use it for the raw chicken. There were several sauces that accompanied the hot pot: a roasted garlic sauce, a black bean and sesame sauce, and a peanut sauce. All were great when spread onto the cooked items. The spiciness of the food was cut down dramatically by the sauces. The peanut one was the best overall, although I wanted to drink the garlic sauce just because I love roasted garlic. Manners and my desire to smell good in the morning precluded me from such debauched behavior. And yes, the service was rude and bungled. Even if they spoke any English, they pretended not to. But this is typical of Chinatown and I wouldn't expect any better. I am really a strong believer in visiting ethnic places on their terms, not holding them to high-brow yuppie Americano standards. They clearly do just fine without the politeness and seem happy to be impatient and pushy. Sure it would be nice if they spoke to me on a level I understood and respected, but they don't, and we just have to live with it. It would be nice if we could just walk straight onto an airplane, too! The world is a crazy, callous place sometimes, so don't expect your butt kissed at every corner. UPDATE (3-28-07): I went back and had a regular dinner, and no change, still three stars. Everything was decent, and one dish was way too spicy. I'd give them an extra half a star for having good marinated pig's ear, but then again, I'm not so sure that's a turn-on for most of y'all out there. ;-) UPDATE (5-30-07): Okay, okay. It's good. Went back again with the uncle and had some amazing spicy green bean appetizer, and delicious Szechuan chicken and Mongolian beef.
