It's a fine line between the Violet Hour and the Violent Hour for me. The place is beautiful, the cocktails masterful - but oh if they don't make you furious by making things *just* difficult enough to make you feel like "belonging" is just out of your reach. First of all, there is the List. The hostess was friendly enough, and after explaining the process (no standing, first come first served), kindly put us on it. After which time, and having had just a mere glimpse of the space, we were relegated to the cube of doom, behind the velvet curtain, where you wait for your name to be called with a pile of other people, with the feeling of desperation mounting every minute. The cube of doom is located in a mid-point between the outside door and the inside, making it a purgatory of competitiveness and self-hatred. It's like Heidi Klum says, one minute you are in, and the next minute you are out.  Once inside, we were ushered to our table by the cozy fireplace, where the beautiful young things were basking all around us in the dim glow. Our server, as pretty as a cover model, was at best...absent. Over 1 hour and only one cocktail each consumed (45 minutes waiting time, 15 minutes drinking time). But what cocktails they were - my Winter Sazarac was spiced well and body-warming in all of the right ways. When it was time to pay, I noticed that I had been charged for two separate bills - one for $25 for the drinks, and one for $100...for ??? I marched up to the bar and they corrected the mistake, but still, $100? Major ooops? And a sort-of apology, but not much of one. All in all, it's a great place, and the fact that they have food is a definite plus. But that much pretentiousness is a bit much, and when coupled with terrible service makes me question whether the "see and be seen" atmosphere is really worth the humiliation of the cube of doom.  I think the trick might be to nab a seat at the bar, and where you can keep a close eye on your cocktail, as well as on the cash register.
