So, we were fortunate enough to score Sunday dinner reservations after the restaurant moved from its phone-based reservation system to the 'Next-like online ticketing system. I can honesty say that this was the pinnacle of dining experiences for me - that every fine dining establishment from this point forward will be judged against my experience. I'm not sure if this is fair, because Grant Achatz and team set an insanely high bar.  Prior to dining at Alinea, literally an hour before, I finished reading Grant and Nick's autobiography 'Life on the Line'. I appreciated having the insight into the creative passion and love for food that drives Alinea staff. I'm also slated for a trip to San Francisco in the Fall and am very much looking forward to scoring (hopefully) reservations at The French Laundry, which had a huge influence on Chef Achatz. Fingers crossed that my redial finger make it through to the reservationists.  Back to Alinea - We're not going course-by-course in this review, as I agree with many other Yelpers, that just simply ruins the experience. Although, I'm guessing that the Fall menu isn't too far from around the corner, which has me eager to go back for sure. From the time you check-in with the doorman to the moment you step through into the darkened, wedge-like hallway, your dinner begins and it doesn't stop for almost four hours. Every detail is meticulously considered and it shows - at the time I confirmed our reservations and any dietary restrictions or other notes of importance for the staff, I did not notify them that my other half was left handed. I didn't realize that was even a reason to make a special note, but at Alinea it is. Once they realized he was left handed, every course was situated and placed correctly in front of him.  I know for some the ticketing system has been a nightmare (and the person who rated the restaurant one star based on her inability to get a reservation really irks me), but perseverance and patience will pay off. If you get a reservation or have the opportunity to make one - don't think about it, just do it, turn yourself over to Alinea staff and be prepared to be blown away.
