Girlfriends and I dined for a super early Sunday dinner. Our reservations were at 4:45pm because someone from our party had to catch a flight. This place is really small but in a very cute way. Clearly since our reservations were so early, we were the first to arrive for dinner. We were greeted promptly by our friendly waiter. This place has a prixe fix set five course meal. We stumbled in the day they were serving quail (too bad it wasn't foie gras). Our five course meal consisted of: Starter: Amuse First course: Salad of baby red oak with sablefish sashimi Second course: Charlmoula Lamb Third Course: Curried lobster bisque with tempura lobster Fourth Course: Stuffed quail Fifth Course: A tribute to bananas (medley) I substituted the lamb for a fish since I don't eat lamb. The presentation for each course was excellent! Everything had excellent flavor - just right. I can't remember what fish the chef used to substitute the lamb course but I wish I could because it was simply amazing! One of the best fish I've ever eaten in my life. It was my favorite of the five. I also enjoyed the lobster bisque very much. There was a bite after each sip but it was so good. My friends thought it to be a little too spicy for their taste. The quail actually looked a little scary but it was tasty. I'm not a big dessert fan but the girls loved it! Unfortunately I couldn't finish my dessert platter. What I loved most about this place was the service. The chef (both the pastry chef and food chef) came out after each course to check on us. The waiter never let our beverage glasses stay empty. The moment he took our utensils away, he would replace them immediately.  Both chefs greeted our tables numerous times and personally brought out the meal. It felt very "homey". I thought the prices were reasonable. The menu is set at $65.00 per person so depending on what you drink, you're looking about $85 a person after tax and gratuity. I highly recommend coming here on a date. It is very romantic.  It also feels a little fun and mysterious that they're an "underground" restaurant. Actual rating: 4.5
