Alinea lives up to the hype. The whole artistic dining experience is like being in another world! Plus, one of the servers looks exactly like Johnny Depp. Highlights: Entering the restaurant. It's like going through the wardrobe into Narnia, but with automatic silver doors and artistic lighting. The food and its presentation, especially the one-bite tempura-ed shad Roe, the compile-your-own pork belly spring roll, the duck in chamomile foam, and the earl grey and white chocolate dessert (served on an Earl Grey Creme pillow. Why don't they sell those at Pottery Barn?? The aroma was heavenly.) Their allergy accommodations: they made delicious substitutions and were careful to understand exactly what I could and could not eat. The wine pairings: all the wines are unique and have an interesting story behind them. They don't seem to encourage it, but one tasting is probably enough for two. If you split it in two glasses, they will probably charge you a little more because "it will be 2/3 of what we usually pour" instead of half and half.  The sommelier is young with crazy hair (I wanted to ask him what he put in his hair to make it stay like that) but he grew on me because he is excited about presenting the individual stories of the wines. He speaks colloquially like most people in their twenties do, which makes him seem less formal and robotic than some of the staff. (I can see how the staff could come across as pretentious, but it's really just their job to guide you through the dining experience as it has been specifically designed in a fashion in keeping with the upscale atmosphere.) Bottom line: If you can afford this luxury dining experience with no guilt, you enjoy food and wine, you're open to trying new things and won't pick out all the ingredients you normally don't like ("Ew I hate asparagus and sweetbreads! I can't eat this!!"), and you understand that this is about more than just the food (the pillow is for clean utensils, and you drink the Thai flavors in a shot. Roll with it.) then go and have an incredible time!
