I am thoroughly hard to impress when it comes to food and I have to say, Gilt Bar thoroughly impressed me last night. I get so tired of overpriced downtown restaurants that charge an arm and a leg for mediocre food. As I always say to my friends, if I'm putting down my precious $30 for a plate of food when there are a) starving people all over the world, b) I could make something cheap and yummy at home, and c) I'm still paying off my undergrad education 6+ years after the fact, you better damn well make me feel good about my reckless cosmopolitan spending habits by showing me some mad food skillz. The awesome thing about Gilt Bar is that you DON'T have to put down $30 for a plate of food, and what you get blows away most of the overhyped restaurants I've dined at so far downtown. The good stuff: beet salad with almonds sauteed in brown butter, sliced green apples and mint. The beets were marinated in something cinnamony and the combination of everything was absolutely delicious, not to mention generously portioned. The basic greens salad had nothing but a pickled shallot dressing on it and it was still incredibly flavorful and delicous -- I mean, greens. I have never been so enthusiastic about greens. Entrees: come for the completely reasonable price points, stay for some amazingly well-prepared dishes. No entree is over $20. Roasted gunthorp chicken was juicy, tender, ridiculously flavorful. The pasta dish with chicken, smoked mozzarella and broccoli rabe sounds deceptively simple but was seriously, orgasmically delicious. Ricotta gnocchi were like little pillows of melt-in-your-mouth butter. Drinks: were mostly tasty. I had the Maple Leaf and a friend had El Diablo, which were both my favorite cocktails of the evening. The Blood and Sand cocktail was a nice try, but didn't hang together too well for me. Dessert: Housemade chocolate hazelnut truffles -- would've liked to have a harder outer shell but the chocolate itself was creamy and delicious without being over-the-top sweet. A dish of orange sherbet with (I think) raspberry sauce was lightly sweet and refreshing. The service: was a little harried, but I appreciated that I was given time to enjoy the meal, didn't have to wait too long for the entrees to come out, and on top of it all, the waiter was chatty, pleasant, and overall just adorable. Not to mention, the guy knew the wine list like the back of his hand -- charm AND brains, always a good combo! So many places I try don't inspire repeat visits, but this one will. Now to re-savor the experience with my leftovers for lunch today...
