Completely and utterly meh. I thought I was going to a warm family restaurant, not a soulless factory that works to have a huge turnover rate. I was so excited to try this place, too. To start, the service was bad. About halfway through the meal, I took a step back and did some calculating. Was I about to start my period? Is that why the waiter was annoying me so much? Nope, I still had another week to the Danger Zone. He really was that bad. He dumped the silverware from a plate I was done with onto the tablecloth instead of picking it up with his hands and setting it down or asking me to remove it. And he kept calling me and my dining companion "kids." But, he was probably my age. I don't care what age you are, don't call me "kid" repeatedly. Garcon! I was with one other person, and we decided to do the family-style dinner. It sounded like an easy way to try a lot of things from the menu, so why not? The appetizers were alright. The saganaki, flaming cheese, was lit on fire by our waiter beside our table with an "Opa!" Actually, I laughed because it was so half-hearted. The only amusing thing he did all night. Don't get this dish if you're at all sensitive to salt. It was just okay to me. The taramosalata spread, like Greek caviar, was super good. It kind of tasted like Lox spread to me. Mmm.. Salad, meh, but came with tons of feta. Gyro, meh. There is a trend here. Now onto the entrees: All three entrees and side dishes were served on one plate, and it kind of grossed me out. It had been slopped on a plate as if I were at a cafeteria, and it tasted like it, too. Dolmades were EW, but I don't really like the taste of grape leaves so I won't count it against them. The meatballs were bland, but edible. The lamb was dry and so was the mousaka. It came with two side dishes of rice and potato, which tasted the same. Oh, and that taste was nothing. Last up was baklava and Greek coffee. Surprise, I loved both. Baklava was heavy on the nuts and extra flaky, and the coffee was strong. Basically, I'd never go here again. Boo, Greek Islands.
