* Best new dish (the "Devil's Basket") - Chicago Magazine * One of Best New Asian Restaurants - Food & Wine Magazine * Best New Restaurant 2009 - Chicago Scene Magazine and the list goes on... Intrigued? So was I. Press like this though sets some pretty big expectations and big expectations often lead to some pretty big disappointments. But not in this case!! My experience with Sunda was pretty much perfect for the modern trendy higher-end restaurant scene Sunda is trying to be. Dcor, food, atmosphere, crowd, and staff were all superb! Especially the staff who absolutely did everything to make sure we had the perfect time. You certainly won't be making a mistake by trying this place out ...and be sure to arrive hungry! There are so many great dishes, if you're anything like me, you'll almost certainly want to try more dishes than you have room for ...unless you're a cow with four stomachs! Sunda's diverse menu may just make you wish you were! In any event, I recommend this place without reservation, maybe you won't have the five star experience I did but I'd be hard pressed to imagine anyone not at least enjoying this place. The details.... Went on a Thursday night just under a couple weeks ago with a friend from DC. We had just been to Epic the night before so not only did Sunda have to live up to its press but also to Epic's great experience as well. At 8:00 PM, Sunda's chic rather size-able place was completely packed. Not wanting to wait for a table we took a sushi counter reservation I had made by phone earlier. This turned out to be just fine and the crowd definitely gave the feeling you were in the place-to-be for dinner in Chicago on a Thursday night. On the menu for us: + Duck Hash Salad - unique and simply UNBELIEVABLY good! My friend not liking duck ...at least until he tried this dish was equally impressed. Thanks to Brett D for the recommendation! I may have skipped over this otherwise and I'm *soooo* glad I didn't as it was possibly the highlight of what we ordered. + Truffled Tuna - a very good subtle dish. Take a moment to enjoy the delicate flavors here. + Oxtail Pot stickers + Tail of Two Tunas I enjoyed both of these and would recommend them.  However they left less of an impression on me than the other dishes and after two weeks I have a bit of a hard time remembering them in detail. Well done but not as unique as many of the other menu options. + Corn Fritters - you know I wouldn't have ordered these from the description and by themselves they were dry and not very interesting. However, add the accompanying sauce and it completely transformed into a fantastic little small plate dish and possible the perfect mate for your Asian import beer of choice. With an extensive sak, wine, and drink list though it would almost seem like such a shame to drink beer for all but the most die-hard of fans. + Sake and Escolar Nigiri (Salmon and Super White Tuna sushi style with rice) - super fresh and absolute wonderful flavor! Not as generous in portion as some sushi places but in all other aspects as good as I've had in the states and even abroad except for Tokyo itself. + Char Siu Pork - not bad; just nothing special. this is the one item I would recommend not getting and saving your appetite for one of the other amazing options. + Ridiculous - "Ridiculously Good" !!! This hot carrot cake dessert baked around a scoop of ice cream and topped with a layer of melted caramel was the perfect ending ...drool On closing, I can't underscore the part about the staff enough. Everyone from the seating hosts who worked around us being late and were willing to squeeze in a possible third later when there wasn't room; the chefs who not only prepared the outstanding dishes but also joined us for an impromptu sak shot (should have found out what that sak was as it was the best I had had); Ray our most excellent server who really helped us pick the best Sunda had to offer and then took a genuine interest in our experience; and Stacey, Sunda's absolute fabulous manager who really made us feel welcome and valued ....what more can I say she was great! The staff did so much to take care of us, I almost for a second thought they had even updated my car to a Bentley when the valet pulled up in one. OK, they weren't ***THAT*** good but seriously I can't thank the staff enough as they really helped seal the Sunda experience for us.
