Xoco is one of those places that looks like much less than it is. If you were a tourist and had no idea what Xoco was or who Rick Bayless is, you might be tempted to pass this up unless you saw the massive line that could be present at seemingly any time of the day. I have been here numerous times, and still have never had a bad experience with service or food. Sure, the wait can be long, but that is no big deal because the food is pretty damn good.  My favorites: Cochinita Pibil - A torta with roasted pig, black bean, onion, etc. Really, really good stuff. I'm going to warn you though: if you don't like really spicy food, then either don't order this or don't dip the torta in the sauce. Yes, the sauce has Habenero in it. I can handle a lot of spice, but have dipped way too much into one bite before. I paid for it for the next five minutes. So my tip is if you're going to dip it in, don't dip too much at one time. Seafood Caldo - It is what it is. A caldo and a damn good one. The broth is excellent and full of Shrimp, Mussels, and Catfish. Actually the Mussels used in this are huge and not the standard appetizer Mussels. I have never seen them this big in the midwest. There's also some good stuff like big cuts of tender potatos and onions. Mexico City Hot Chocolate, and Aztec Hot Chocolate - Yes, both hot chocolates (obviously). Well, let's just say that I'm pretty sure they grind and roast their own cocoa beans. yes, very fresh and how a real hot chocolate should be. The Mexico City Hot Chocolate has a nice taste, and it's thick. They must put some sort of spices in it like cinnamon, but it's really damn good. The Aztec is the original hot chocolate (historically). There's cayenne pepper in this and allspice. I personally don't think it's spicy, but then again my tolerance for spiciness is pretty high. Churros - Well this is obvious. Order it with the soft serve ice cream and Chocolate. Very good. Honorable Mentions: Shortrib Red Chile Soup and Choriqueso torta. Both still really good. Choriqueso is better of the two in my opinion. So recommendation? Just go there. If you are "I'm about to pass out" hungry, then don't go because you're going to have to wait in line. There are not many seats and there's a lot of demand, if you know what I mean. Order anything on the menu. Honestly, you can't go wrong at Xoco.
