Superdawg!! I absolutely love this place! I love it so much I was hesitant about writing an honest positive review! I don't want this little drive-in to get too busy; to the point I won't find a parking spot!! Although I will share the joy and spread the good news of how great Superdawgs hot dogs and burgers are! All in hope they grow and open another location soon! Superdawg has a lot of history in Chicago. The owners I have met and spoken to various times. This Drive-in only has one location which is on Milwaukee Avenue in Chicago, IL. I do not have a clue why people have posted Superdawgs location as Wheeling, IL. Anyhow...the drive-in is owned by a family. Started with the grandparents and now has 3 generations running it plus employees. To eat here you need a CAR! That's maybe a negative to some of you. You could eat inside the restaurant...well more like inside the little room. It only has 4 tables and some bar tables. It gets pretty cold! During the Summer you can enjoy your tasty burgers and hot dogs with your crinkled cut fries outside, on one of their 2-4 outside tables. But best way to eat at this place is in your car. They have plenty of space for parked cars. Service is fairly quick. Waitresses are not rude but they may not also be VERY friendly. They are your average waitress that brings your food to your car in hope of a good tip. Their menu is pretty big considering their small kitchen! They have various types of burgers, hot dogs, desserts and sodas. They even sell Tamales! No idea why! It's a little weird but hey there's a little bit of everything on this menu for all kinds of cravings. Their pineapple milk shake is DELICIOUS! Definitely worth trying! They do not serve alcohol but seriously if you are eating in your car you can BYOB! My only BIG complaint is their small little kitchen that at times seems to be a little abandoned. Seems like the kitchen needs a little remodeling and maintenance! They do need to remodel this (one and only) location or somehow fix it up a little bit, mostly to just give it a better presence and feel. Superdawg would get all 5 stars from me if they would remodel and add more tables! Otherwise for now I will be giving Superdawg 4 stars not so much for their service but mostly for always having the same great tasty American food! OH! Before I forget! Another important detail...they do not accept credit cards so make sure you take cash! Bon Appetit!
