I went to Piece on a Sunday night for a 7pm reservation with the Windy City Pizza Club. Originally, we had a group of 22 booked to come; however because of the weather conditions, we had 12. I spoke with a manager a few weeks prior to the reservation and I said that we would like to be at a connected table to make it easier to talk, but the day of they moved us to The Pit.The Pit is down some stairs at Piece, where there are a bunch of small circle tables and booth style couches. It wasn't exactly what we needed but we made it work by taking several of the small tables and putting them right up against each other to make a long table, still not convenient, but fun nonetheless. I had fun where we sat as there was a big screen TV and pinball machine, and of course it was more private, but it could use a massive update with its design and Piece dcor.Our waitress was great. I don't expect anything more from a University of Denver alumnus, which she was because she did a fantastic job with our requests, food prep, and check. The service was sometimes a little bit slow but I understood with the weather being so poor that they didn't bring in as many servers. It was also a Sunday night and there were a couple other groups in the Venue.The Pizza. I won't yet say that it was my favorite, however it is definitely way up in the Top 5 places I have ever been to. I had the red medium half spinach, half artichoke hearts. It was nice to have an inexpensive pizza that had premium toppings. The waitress told us that we had ordered too much for 12 people, as we ordered about 10 different types of Mediums, but in the end, everything was gone. A medium is the right size for 2 people, however there are 12 slices per medium so depends on how big each of your appetites are.The Beer. I had a great microbrew IPA called Cap'n Kickass (7.5%). It sort of tastes like Gumball Head, but with less fruitiness and I would recommend it to people that like Pale Ales because it has a good kick to the aftertaste. Overall, I would go back to Piece but not in a group. I really want to try their chocolate pizza and more of their beer selection. Windy City Pizza Club very much enjoyed the venue and it's time at Piece.
