Let's start with my basis for comparison, which is Barcelona, however unfair that may be. Also, all four of us have pretty high food standards and eat out often and find Chicago to be a great food city. Summary of review: I was embarrassed that I brought my friends here.  We came for the Rioja Wine Dinner (part of the Restaurant Week rioja promotion) - pre fixe with a glass of wine from Rioja. Let's start with the wine markup - 400% over retail on the three bottles I checked - norm is 250 - 300%. The tasting menu, billed as 4 appetizers, 2 entrees and dessert, was all in single bites - 5 tiny bites of appetizers per person (2 were potato, one was deep fried peppers very oily and bland, and the 4th was bacon wrapped dates (which were the high point - just delicious, and for this one we got 2 small dates per person); entrees were one single squash dumpling per person, and one tiny piece of pork belly per person. So literally the entire dinner was 7 tiny bites (counting dates as 2 bites) of mostly not their best food items, mostly starches. Dessert was mediocre at best (pasty rice pudding, bad Catalan Crema ( here a curdled egg custard), and an OK chocolate mousse thing with a skin on top like it had been sitting for a while, and I forget the 4th because it was declared gross by everyone else so I didn't try it. It's not that we're cheap or into huge portions - quite the opposite - we go to good restaurants all the time and happily pay big bucks for quality and little portions, we tip well, plus we each ordered another glass of $21 wine which bumped the bill up considerably. This was simply beyond acceptable and even at $35 (of which $12 was wine), it was a rip off. If you had told me it would be 7 bites of something starchy plus a glass of wine and a glue-like dessert I wouldn't have ordered it. This experience cost them a repeat customer, and I suspect they are hurting for profits or they wouldn't have done such blatant cost-cutting on the food. I also think based on my last few visits that the quality in general has slipped considerably since the first year it was opened, while the price skyrocketed (mostly on the wine and drinks). The quality is now too uneven for me to bring business clients and quite frankly, Chicago has much better places for the money (like Purple Pig or Province, which also participated in the Rioja promotion). For the same price as a regular dinner at Mercat, I could go to Bonsoiree and bring my own (much better) wine, or Blackbird, and get good food and great wine. Yes, Mercat has the energy of a cavernous, raucous New York restaurant. If you want to pay dearly for energy, this is your place.
