This review was from a meal I had at Alinea in July of 2010. Unbelievable. Truly. I wish there was a special 5+ Stars rating on Yelp: while my other reviews are based on relative quality from one another, Alinea is not just 1 star better than my other 4 star restaurants; in fact, they are much better than most of the 5 star restaurants I list (all of which deserve their ratings). The bottom line is that there is a difference between restaurants that are absolutely amazing, and restaurants like Alinea that exceed culinary boundaries you thought were static & impenetrable. I was constantly exclaiming to my girlfriend, "I had no idea flavors and textures like this were even possible." I'm still not sure how to describe this nearly 5 hour meal, other than it contained more elements of discovery and participation than I had anticipated. In fact, I am revealing some of the details here only because the menu has changed since this visit. For example: * We were instructed on how to create a frame from some pieces in a box. Once this was completed, they took the centerpieces (two flags) from our table and draped them over our frames. It turned out that each flag was comprised of rice paper, with herbs pressed in-between. From there we were instructed on how to create a spring-roll-esque dish out of it. We added pork belly, curry, cucumber, and lime, among other ingredients. * The pillow of "fresh cut grass aroma" which our plate was set upon... slowly releasing a complimentary scent to the dish. * The dessert (chocolate w/ coconut, menthol, and hyssop) which Chef Achatz made directly on our table into a piece of modern, edible, art. The entire meal is served, or rather guided by ~6 different people. They explained each dish in some detail and instructed exactly how it should be eaten (such as "this is a hands free dish, you should pull this off the wire in one bite"). Other Highlights: * Ice cream-like english peas w/ iberico, sherry, and honeydew (each spoonful produced a completely different flavor); * Lobster tempura on a vanilla bean w/ lychee, gruyere, and vanilla fragrance (we were instructed to scrape the vanilla bean with our teeth as we ate the tempura); * Black truffle explosion w/ romaine and parmesan (like its name suggests, this ravioli explodes in your mouth with liquids containing unbelievably rich flavors); * "Distillation of Thai flavors" (a shot of liquid that, perhaps due to the power of suggestion, tasted like a complete Thai dish... something out of Woody Allen's Sleeper). The flavors, like the presentation, were outstanding and unlike anything I had ever experienced before. The bottom line: if you love food, you really need to make a reservation here; plan on making your reservation well in advance.. On that note, when I made my reservations, they were taking names for 2 - 3 months out, on the first day of the current month (so if you want to make a reservation for sometime in October, your best bet is to call right on August 1st). If, however, you wait too long, and all reservations are full, you'll still have the option to be put on a waiting list. Also, if you have any food allergies or preferences (Gluten Free, no Sour Cream, etc.) let them know... they'll make alternatives for you. Next time I do this, I'll be requesting "no sardines." That was the only dish I really had trouble with. Alinea is/was (depending on when you are reading this review) the highest ranked restaurant in North America by the famous "San Pellegrino World's 50 Best Restaurants" awards (#1 in North America; #7 in the World, 2010), as well as the recipient of the "Outstanding Service" award from the James Beard Foundation, and the #1 spot in Chicago Magazine's "Chicago's Top 40 Restaurants Ever" (2010). While this praise raised my expectations to ridiculous heights, Alinea completely exceeded each and every one of them in terms of style, service, and taste. This was, without question, the most unique and wonderful culinary adventure I have ever partaken.
