To quote a friend, "Why are the portions so small for gourmet food?" I don't know. But The Purple Pig isn't exactly gourmet... Still, I felt like we ordered a lot of food. We started out with the carrot, avocado & fennel salad with citrus vinaigrette. It was okay. The carrots were a bit mushy for me... I prefer my carrots slightly crunchy. Then we had the roasted bone marrow with herbs. Mmm. Delicious. You should have seen the way my friend sucked the juice out of the bone marrow afterwards -- she's so Chinese / Asian! Hahaha. The presentation could put off some people. But to me, it was fine. I loved it. It was soft and mushy and full of fat and juicy... Delicious. Loved it on the bread. Sprinkle it with a dash of salt and add the onions and cilantro on top. One of my favorite dishes of the night. Next, we had the pig's tails braised in balsamic. I didn't like this one very much. Too much balsamic vinegar. I think it took away the pork flavor. Strange enough, the tail wasn't a curly thing as I had imagined. Those children's books lied to us!! We wanted more food so we ordered the milk braised pork shoulder. It came sitting on top of mashed potatoes. This was my other favorite dish of the night. The meat was so, so, so tender. I was still hungry afterwards, so we ordered the pork liver pate. After this, I was like "No more. I want to go home." The pate wasn't as great as I'd have prefer. I think the French and Vietnamese make better pate (for the Vietnamese sandwiches). I'd have wanted a duck pate instead. I was really excited to try this restaurant out when I saw it on the Hot on Yelp list (and it's really close to my work place). But I was a little disappointed. First with the communal tables because I hadn't expected that. And then with the food itself. I mean, I only liked 2 dishes out of all the ones we've ordered! Luckily everything was divided among three and even with a bottle of white wine that priced at $49, the bill came out to be approximately $97 without tip. So it was a decent splurge.
