Shaky, shaky. First of all, here's a staff breakdown: (my major complaint at the Dana) Door guys: All great. Friendly. Held doors. Fetched elevators. Helped with bags. Front desk/reception: Rude, short, annoyed, unhelpful. Reservations: unprofessional and mostly unhelpful. Housekeeping: Mostly ok, save one day they forgot to clean and leaving a room service tray outside of our room for 24 hours. Spa: Great. My major issues were both with Reservations and the Front Desk. Everyone seems unhappy. IT shows through, I just kept thinking "you guys should NOT be in hospitality." Yes, I booked rooms through Expedia. No, that does NOT mean that you should treat me as less of a guest. Last time I checked booking $1500 worth of rooms at a hotel should warrant at the very LEAST adequate service. After many blunders and trials, finally our rooms were all situated. Not without much headache. I wasn't so much unimpressed with the fact that there was an error, but I was displeased with the way in which it was handled. "Jason" was not only exasperated, but also pretty lame. At 8am if I have to hear "Well guess what? You've got a problem now!" in a really high pitched, mocking tone...I'm going to be annoyed. Figure out the problems. That's your job. That's really your only job, actually. The rooms are nice, the floor to ceiling windows in the corner rooms are pretty radical. The views are nice. If you are booking here, def get a corner as the other ones have very little light (my coworker had one). The rooms aren't huge, but they are well appointed for the most part. The bathroom was awkward, sliding door that never stayed shut, could not lock, and a curtain over the shower? Weird. IT was clean and pretty stylish though, and not a bad spot to hang for 4 days. Room service was great (from Aja downstairs). Quickly arrived and food was really good. The tray sat outside for a day though, which is actually pretty gross. Overall, I won't stay again. With so many good options in Chicago, the Dana fell short. I got a great rate on Expedia, but if you book through an engine it seems you get subpar service and a crummy attitude. No thanks. Guests are guests and I can take my business elsewhere. *Spa was great. Separate review. *Valet $38
