Have you ever had a dish that was soo good, you immediately ordered another serving of it? That happened to me at Sunda. . . . twice. My husband received a $100 gift card for his birthday, so we were ready to spend big (for us anyways) at Sunda. We started with the crispy duck hash which was fantastic and then moved on the escolar (white tune) topped with a black truffle. The escolar was amazing, but don't bother with the fancy truffle prep. It ass nothing. Just get the regular order for like half the price...and that's just what we did, enjoying another round of the perfect fish. Then it was on the duck bao, which were sliced like sandwiches rather than stuffed like dumplings but were still delicious, soft and chewy with a tangy hoisin sauce on the duck. The much-raved about crispy rice, which we opted to have topped with the shrimp and avocado, was fine but I wouldn't order it again. the crispy rice part was great, but the topping, which was essentially shrimp guacamole, was just too much. I had to scrap half of it off (and I love gauc). The highlight for me was the fried crab handroll though. Holy hell. As soon as I took one bite, I asked my husband "can we order another one?" (in my defense, they are small. shared by two people you get two small bites each). So the crispy duck salad, bao, 2 rounds of sushi, 2 rounds of crab handroll and the cripsy rice, plus 3 tall Sapporo's and a small bottle of hot sake (for sake bombs) was $130. The service was fantastic throughout the dinner. We did have one little hiccup and that was that after we paid - $30 plus tax and tip on my card after using the gift card - we got home and realized we didn't have my credit card. We called and the host said "well no one has turned it in". Okay.... well it's Friday night and my card is floating around Sunda or out on the street. Someone could do a lot of damage. Maybe you could go LOOK for it, check with my server? Nope. So I called and cancelled it, then at 1am, got a call saying they had it. But other than that slight annoyance, everything was great and we will definitely be back for more of the crab handroll, the bao and the crispy duck.
