Let me just start by saying that I am not from Chicago. I live in a little suburb of Dallas and I have always loved my quiet little town. After about half an hour at Shaw's, my husband and I were devising a plan to move to downtown Chicago. This is truly 5 - star food, all the way through and through. We arrived around 12:45 for the Sunday Brunch (approx $45pp), and I feel like we could have spent half a day there. The nice thing is... there really is no rush. The last reservation they accept is at 1:30, and they basically keep bringing out food as long as people are eating. You don't have to worry about "missing the good stuff" because everything is refilled pretty quickly. We started out at the cold food table, enjoying some delicious seafood pasta, king crab, cocktail shrimp, oysters, ceviche, and sushi. Everything was amazing. I especially enjoyed the crab and the pasta, where my husband was fawning over the oysters, shrimp, and ceviche.  About this time we discovered the Bloody Mary / Mimosa station, which is an additional $5 to your meal. Another great selection of delicious beverages, definitely worth the extra bucks. Onto the next table, I had steamed snow crab legs, broc & cheese with lobster sauce, jumbo fried shrimp, and lobster penne pasta with creme sauce. Mmm... My husband also had the steak, and a few other sides... all of which he thoroughly enjoyed. Did I mention they have lobster bisque? Oh yes they do. Finally, I found some lobster bisque SO GOOD that it challenges the "best bowl" that was previously on my list. I think this is it, folks. It's amazing and it's on a brunch buffet. I cannot stress this enough : do not leave this building without putting bisque in your face. Finally, there is the sweet room. It is an entire room full of dessert options that you don't really have room for but must eat. So, we wandered in and painstakingly selected a variety of sweet treats to try. From the fudge to the chocolate, the mouse to the strawberries, everything was divine. It was especially fun to watch kids wander into this room unprepared, looking like little lost children in Willy Wonka's word. I watched a girl giggle madly while she plucked cotton candy down from the tree and then skipped off with a plate full of candy.  It is a beautiful world here at Shaws. It's probably a GOOD THING I do not live in Chicago, because I would gain 20lbs every Sunday.
