So before I leave Chicago I have made it my goal to try as many wine bars as possible after my amazing trip to Purple in Seattle...see below. On Tuesday I met up with two girlfriends in the bar area on the low couches. I got there about an hour early and my waiter (I want to say Brian...but for the life of me I can't remember) started chatting me up about the offerings. I love the idea of wine flights and so clearly I started with the Show Stoppin Whites...as follows: 2005 Gruner Veltliner, "Hugo", 2005 Viognier, Casa Silva, 2005 "Jezebel Blanc" (awesome), and 2005 Vouvray, Demi-Sec, Yves Bruessin (Like f-in candy!). After this I decided to go with their cheese flight advertised as 6 cheeses you couldn't live without. I told Brian I wanted wines to pair with each cheese. He said no one had put him to that test before but he was a trooper about getting me what I wanted. The cheese plate was quite nice, but I was a bit disappointed in the bleu selection and the lack of anything too nutty. The wines were well thought out and my three favorites are as follows: 2004 Il Ruffiano, Bugliono (Valpolicella), 2006 Charles Smith Winery, K Vintners, "Kung Fu Girl"(Riesling) and 2006 Casa Silva Reserva (Carmenere).  I told Brian I had to finish the night with a dessert and he told me to allow him the duty of picking something for me. He did not disappoint! The absolute best vanilla bean panna cotta I have ever had with the 2006 Moscato, d'Asti, Nivole, Michele Chiarlo, Piedmont, Italy. It was beautiful, like fireworks in my mouth. There is no other way to describe it and I will absolutely be going back for another! Yes, the space is large and kind of cavernous feeling, but the service and the thoughtful choice of (basically cheap) wines is appreciated. You are not going to be put through the financial ringer here to enjoy what has clearly taken a lot of time and effort to put together. I will be leaving Chicago missing a few restaurants and this is definitely one of them! Bravo Chef Caputo...SF's loss is Chicago's gain.
