I'll be honest, I haven't written a review in ages because I've grown jaded. I just forgot why I loved food and haven't really gotten the same pleasure from finding great dinning like I used to. That changed last weekend. I knew I wanted to hit up one of the Rick Bayless hot-spots, but Topolobampo was way too expensive, Frontera Grill had a line around the corner, and my GPS sent me everywhere but to Frontera Fresco. So I wandered over to XOCO. The place itself is pretty unassuming. In all honesty, it looks like a nice chain restaurant, but just with a huge line. The ordering system is somewhat confusing, so here's the tip I couldn't find on Yelp: They'll come around asking for your party size and if it's for carry out. If you're in a small group (I was by myself) they'll skip you to this random cashier (letting you bypass the line) so you can order and sit down immediately. If you have a big group (and thus need to wait for a table) or if you're ordering to-go, you'll have to wait in that giant line. And the food. I got chips and salsa, a drink, and the Ahogada. Chips and Salsa: Meh. Sure it was decent, but (oh please don't hurt me for saying this) it's about on par with decent chains like Chipotle. Also, the amount of salsa given is pretty small. And in those stupid little bowls that are too small for any normal sized chip to fit in. On the positive side, the amount of time you'll waste trying to scope those last few drops onto your chip will make it feel like your food came relatively fast. Verdict: Unless you LOVE chips, I'd try something else Ahogada: THIS IS WHAT FOOD IS. This was messy, (I got it) spicy, and was as delicious as the Metra is inconsistent. It's basically a carnitas sandwich sitting face down in a bowl of spicy tomato broth. The broth just soaks through the bread, dissolving it in your mouth. As that hot broth dripped down my hand and the spice burned my mouth I felt the kind of pure excitement to be eating this that I wanted to stop every person that balked at the long line and shout at them, "THIS IS SO MUCH BETTER THAN WAITING IN LINE FOR SUBPAR CARMEL POPCORN!" But alas, the line outside Garrett's was still too long.
