Only ate here for brunch (yes they do brunch, but only on Sundays). All the locals seem to love this place, so it was worth a try. Word of warning though the brunch menu is a bit different from the normal dinner menu and we couldn't order any dinner items. The interior and ambiance is really fun. They've got these long communal tables for people to eat on. Around the edges are booths that close up like pens. A lot of the decor is wood so it has a warm feeling. The walls have these paintings of giant pigs that have the Holstein cow pattern. Their bar area has these standing tables with hooks underneath to hang your jacket on that I thought was nifty. It sounded like they were playing the Foster the People cd in the background which I thought went pretty well with the whole vibe. The Bloody Mary here comes with your choice of a beer chaser! I dunno if this is just a Chicago thing or what, but it's win! The drinks themselves were nice and spicy with a decent vodka kick. The brunch items are under 20 bux, but they're usually more of a 1 person dish, but some of them are definitely shareable. Warning here: the brunch menu I see listed online is not the same one we got when we came here. The items did vary slightly. We shared a full mussel order. It came with some piping hot bread. Wonder crackle on that crust when you pop it open and then a poof of steam. The mussels themselves were cooked in the more traditional butter/garlic style. They were good and the bread was perfect for soppin up some of those mussel juices. We also got an order of the spicy pork rinds. They were done so that they were super puffy and light and actually not oily at all. I'm not so sure I was a fan of the spicy cheese powder that was sprinkled over them though. I think I actually would have preferred them in the more traditional style. I got the Fulton Market Quad that actually consisted of different items than is listed on their online menu. Mine had headcheese, the sunny side up egg, pork confit, and a pork sausage. I was afraid the egg would be super runny, but it was close to an overeasy egg and that worked for me. They give you a few slices of toasted bread that really help bind everything together otherwise it's overall a bit salty. The individual bites were all good and pretty flavorful.  Others at the table got the pork belly kimchee bibimbap. This is one of the items that doesn't show up on the online version of the menu. It was a substantial dish and they said it had a decent kick. It has brown rice instead of the usual white rice. The smoked sablefish was recommended also so one of us got that as well. The fish was very smoky and soft. It kinda falls apart in your mouth. They also listed a fried french toast that was sadly sold out. I guess it's a popular one. Overall I enjoyed the brunch experience and would come back for dinner. The dinner looks more for sharing and how can I complain about eating with more awesome people. Yea...I can't
