As a frequent visitor to the the big city, I have stayed in a LOT of hotels mostly all through priceline bids and Groupons/Living Social deals. This one failed to measure up in too many ways for me to return. I went up with a group this trip and we didn't request rooms near each other, they did offer us adjoining rooms so that was very nice except they never sent anyone up to unlock the interior door so we just swapped a key and had to go in and out in the hall. Not too big of a deal but maybe annoying for the rooms next to us hearing the doors slam over and over. The elevators were tiny and although there were 3 one was broken with the door stuck half open. I will agree the bathrooms have zero privacy with every sound clearly coming into the room. No-name shampoo/conditioner and soap was pretty boring. Was also sad about the $10/day wi-fi and I don't know how they can continue that $50/day parking when there are 2 lots within 5 minutes of them that are $25 and $30/day. The valet parking does have unlimited in and out while the other lots do not. We wanted to have a drink in the lobby hotel when we got back from our nightly entertainment but when we walked up they were removing the bottles of alcohol and storing them away for the night. As we stood there discussing if we wanted to try walking elsewhere, a lady came up and ordered a vodka tonic with lemon. He made a tonic with lemon instead of telling her they were closed so then when she tried to pay and he said No charge, she got all confused (this wasn't her first vodka tonic!) and kept demanding they add vodka. He was telling her to go to her room and add it from the mini bar but I think if he would've just said we are closed, I can give you the mixer and you add the vodka, right from the beginning, there would've been less of a scene. Also, in the morning as we came down on our way to breakfast, we stopped for 4 coffees to drink on the way and it was over $20. For 4 black coffees, no lattes, no espressos, just drip brew flavored water. Didn't guess that was the average price or we would've waited until breakfast! I wouldn't buy another discount deal for this place but if I won it on Priceline, I guess it would do.
