Absolutely fantastic service and food from start to finish! First, it was my mother's birthday, and I was completely disorganized. I'd walked by this place millions of times on my way to and from other Andersonville spots, and thought "Have to try this place." It's always packed, a good sign. I procrastinated making a dinner reservation, couldn't remember the name, and finally had to get my lazy butt off the couch, walk the three blocks, and ask if they had any reservations left for THAT day, a Saturday! My friend told me I was crazy "It's cold.  You really going to walk over there? Let's just go to Calo (another great Andersonville place), and try them another day." My effort was instantly rewarded. I was greeted by Marty, the owner, who shook my hand, and offered help. I confessed that I was a disorganized daughter, and needed a reservation for 6, that evening if possible. He offered 5:30 pm or 9, and while I quickly made phone calls to friends to make sure 5:30 wasn't too early, he quickly called all of his 6:30 reservations to confirm that they were coming. I walked home, in the cold and snow (are you reading, mom?) with a reservation in hand. Our dinner experience was equally wonderful. Our waiter was Paul, who with very good humor guided four giddy women (see note about wine below) and two kids through the menu. The chef very graciously accommodated my friend's request to let her 8 year old son try a little bit of their soup before ordering a full bowl -- we weren't sure what he'd think of escarole - he loved it. We ordered wine, appetizers, dessert, and they threw in an after dinner dessert wine for my mom as a b-day treat. Everything we ordered, which included beef, lamb and pasta, was superb. The bottled wine selection had lots of great Italian selections, and a good price range (note: if your party can agree on a bottle, you will definitely save money with this option -- individual glasses were $9 and above, and most were "above"). We also noticed that the table next to us brought their own wine, so BYOB is an option.  A great addition to Andersonville, we'll be returning often!
