I wrote a review recently where I exclaimed that I was getting more and more harsh in my reviews, but after reading what the general opinion of Zed451 is I must say I feel like a big old softie. I had a great time. I showed up early to a dinner party for 25 in the private dining area, so I sat at the bar and had a conversation with some folks there. The folks were good people, very friendly and open to a conversation with a stranger in their city. The waitstaff was very nice and when I asked if others from my party had arrived, she did not know the name I gave her, so she went to find the party. Ultimately the name I had was wrong, but she found the right party by asking the 3 large parties that were being hosted here yesterday evening if they might have guests looking for a different name. Of course, it didn't hurt that the drinks were tasty. Then, when I finally found the party everyone was just sitting down to dinner, so the Zed451 hostess introduced me to the gentleman who was hosting the event before she walked away. This is important because I didn't know anyone at the event (I am the out of towner and I had been sent to the event by someone I know from San Francisco, who was not coming). Whether intentional or not, she made sure I knew someone there before she left - VERY good service. The direction on how the evening would go was great, the food that came around was great the Mushroom/Barley soup was wonderful as were the duck breast and ribs. The cherry cobbler was fantastic and the bread pudding was quite good as well. Finally, it was a very nice touch when the chef came out with a big smile to say hello, thanking us for the business and asking if we needed anything else.  I would give it a 5 star, because it was quite good and I, perhaps because I am not young enough, did not experience the aforementioned cougars. My only knock is similar to my knock of Espetus Churrascaria in San Francisco - the meats are good, but they are not generally the meats I would choose if I were going out for dinner. I would normally get a filet or a ribeye and neither of these cuts were available (I assume because they are more expensive cuts of meat).
