I was so looking forward to this dining experience, based on the reviews, but left feeling let down. The place was packed for a Monday night and we were delighted when the hostess informed us that a table was available. However, I was sorely disappointed. My husband had to sit next to the door that was open to the outdoor seating area and it was chilly out. There were other tables available, but they did not seat us there. The waiter came to our table and did a very quick run through of the menu and then walked away before we could ask any questions. Luckily, I had done some "research" on yelp (as usual), and we ordered the pork rinds, charcuterie plate (half), pork belly, and sweetbreads. Word of warning: if you don't like vinegar, watch out! I really enjoyed the pork belly- that was my husband's favorite. My favorite dish of the night was the sweetbreads- which my husband stopped eating because he couldn't stop thinking about what he was eating- lol.  However, after these dishes we were still hungry and I wasn't sure what else to order since we ate everything I read about, so we asked the waiter for his recommendation. He suggested the steak tartar. We went with it. We've had steak tartar before... and were caught off guard this time because it was pretty cold (temperature-wise). I think we both lost our appetites there. We were in the mood for something sweet and asked for the dessert menu and the waiter brought us two pieces of paper that were cut from the actual menu, where the dessert menu was printed on the back of it and upside down. We looked at each other and just said, "seriously?" Now that I've arrived home and I see people review The Publican from the VERY SAME night and are talking about dishes that we didn't see on the menu, I'm pretty upset. I don't know if those were specials and our waiter didn't do his job of telling us about them. He was so attentive to every table except for ours.  If it weren't for yelp's recommendations for what to order, the entire experience would have been ruined. Don't know if I'll be back right away- but I'm a big believer in second chances, especially if I get a different waiter.
