My boyfriend and I came to Mercat a la Planxa as a form of distraction from school. Catalan tapas sound pretty good when you realize mid-quarter that classes are much harder than you expected them to be. Mercat is on the corner of Balbo and Michigan and conveniently accessible by a ton of buses. The entrance to the restaurant is slightly difficult to find, though. You have to go in The Blackstone, and if you enter on Michigan, pass through the bar and ascend a flight of stairs to the main dining area. The dining room is spacious with tall ceilings and an odd beehive theme. We got there a bit earlier than our reservation but were seated promptly in what I consider the best two-person table in the house, at least for a date. We each got the Chef's Tasting Menu and he got the pairings as well. The meal is broken up into three courses, with a couple of dishes each. The first course came out all at once. On the house were a big bowl of olives and a plate of light, airy bruschetta. Three different servers brought our dishes: a plate of cured meats accompanied by crisp bread and various pickles; goat's milk cheese with crisp Granny Smith apple slices and a mango chutney; a spinach and potato omelette. It was a good portion of food to start off the meal, and because the rest of the dishes are brought out more leisurely you get full at a slow, happy pace. The second course began with the bacon-wrapped figs, which are just as divine as everyone says they are. They came out with a plate of butternut squash dumplings accompanied by lamb ragout, beech mushrooms, and truffle which was also wonderful. These are both dishes that I will definitely order a la carte when I go back... probably in multiple portions. We were then served a dish of tender, perfectly cooked shrimp swimming in a garlicky butter sauce. Last was a flatbread of beef shortribs in a sweet barbecue-like sauce with baron, parmesan, and fresh sprigs of arugula. Intentionally or not, a decent period of time separated our second and third courses. This was probably a good thing, as I was starting to get stuffed after the generally portioned flatbread. Our last course began with two vegetable dishes: patatas bravas i.e. spicy potatoes resembling tater tots with a rich aioli, and Catalan spinich sauteed in vinegar with a salad of thinly shaved apple threads on top. I wasn't crazy about either. I thought the aioli was a bit too mayonnaise-like and excessive. The Spinach dish seemed to have a weird aftertaste, but I usually don't like Spinach all that much anyway. The meal then concluded on a plate of medium-rare steak accompanied by two sauces. The steak was cooked well with a crisp edge, but there were some pieces of gristle that I wasn't too fond of. We ordered the Croquetas de Xocolata for dessert and wolfed them down immediately. The banana marshmallows tasted like dollops of heavy whipped cream. Overall we left quite happy and full. One of the reasons I decided to come here, actually, was that most reviews seemed to agree that the Chef's tasting menu was a good amount of food. I think it's a good place to start, but I will definitely order a la carte next time I go, especially since the tasting menu doesn't seem to vary much. I am really not a big fan of Iron Chef America; the Japanese version was overdone in a hilarious way, but there's something about the sanitized and glossy production values of the stateside equivalent that lacks the original's kooky charm. Still, Mercat a la Planxa was pleasant and satisfying. My hats off to Iron Chef Garces.
