What a fun time! My wife and I eat out all the time and actually have a log of the restaurants we go to and the food we ate. We ordered the Rib Eye and the Korean Bacon entrees and a few OB Korean Beers. Service was fast and cooking at the table is always fun. But, what really impressed us was the Tsunami of side dishes that came out before we even got the entrees. From kimchi to seaweed and bean sprouts and fried leaks and garlic and jellyfish... well you get the idea (I counted 22 side dishes!). My wife tried them all, I think I missed one or two due to my mental overload of trying to decide what to eat! Before the entrees came we were presented with a delicious sizzling soup of miso broth vegetables and tofu (awesome, and stayed hot in the pot they served it in throughout our meal). The service was good, not great, but I never expect much in the line of service in an Asian restaurant (not to be a jerk, its a fact). The rib eye was tender and we cooked it to a perfect rare+ / medium rare... it could have used a little more seasoning, but that was our own fault because there were plenty of options to enhance the meat (we just got excited and started cooking, something I, as a chef, was a bit ashamed of... oh well, next time). The bacon (and they give you like a whole pound of it) was good. My wife is more used to smoked American bacon and wasn't that impressed, but we both agreed that it was tasty. I will be honest... of the 22 side dishes there were a few, not many that were really not very appetizing (and we are both major food adventurists). Nothing was bad... just a few things we only tried once. There were 3 different Kimchi sides that were all fun and delicious and not overly salty (like most are). The only downside to the restaurant may be that you smell like a fire pit when you leave and that there is no music playing when you eat (at least when we went). Bottom Line: This restaurant is a ton of fun and I strongly recommend it to anyone looking to do something different. The ingredients were all authentic and fresh and the fun of cooking at the table makes the whole thing worth it. Its like fondu for people who aren't in 1973 and is a bit (not much) more healthy. Please support this restaurant so it always is there for us to enjoy. And if you are looking for a cool place to take a date that isn't a "restaurant", this is perfect... it forces conversation and is an icebreaker in itself. Enjoy!
