3 Man crushes in life. (Scott Definition of ManCrush - People he really admire and think are larger then life) 1) My Father - Obvious. Worship and Love him completely 2) Steve Jobs - Leonardo Da Vinci of the 20th century. A guy who has the unexplainable ability to productize design and technology with the user in mind. 3) Grant Achatz - The Chef / Owner of Alinea. A culinary genius who beat tongue cancer and is a true culinary artist a la Monet.  Wife and I came here during our trip to Chicago. In fact, we probably would have come here just for the food but a family wedding gave us plenty of reason to plan far in advance, which we did. We booked this place before we even bought our plane tickets and boy did it not disappoint. For those that read this probably already know about the legend of Grant Achatz and the status of Alinea as the #6 restaurant in the world. I came here with extremely high expectations and was prepared to be wowed. It's hard to understand the genius of food until you eat here. I would have to say Bazaar at SLS in Beverly Hills was still one of my favorite meals due to the focus on gastro-chemistry but Chef Achatz menu is one that focuses less on trying to overwhelm the diner but instead, take them on a fun journey of food.  What does this mean? Well, the plating for one is a true experience at Alinea. From the use of a vanilla bean as a utensil to the silicone dessert table, Chef Achatz uses many advanced techniques to prepare and serve the food but he does not lose the poetry in the food itself. I appreciate how he keeps it simple in order for you to appreciate the food but when you dig into the actual dishes, you realize how much thought and preparation goes into each dish. I love the carrot handroll with the tobacco extraction and short ribs that you had to make yourself. My favorite dish was the cold pea soup but my wife's was the cold potato / hot potato truffle soup and the shrimp stick thing that had an amazing dipping sauce...  One thing I will say is that the wait staff was quite attentive but I found some of the more senior wait staff dry and in some ways, a bit too stiff. Perhaps I am more of a casual person who likes to enjoy his food and the people he is surrounded by, so in that sense, I would say that I have had better service. It's not that anyone was rude but I can't help but wonder if these people take themselves too seriously. It's hard to explain but I would have appreciated a little less pretention and a bit more warmth. That being said, some of the other waiters were also quite funny and nice, including a server who had just completed his 2 yr anniversary and had a pleasant personality. We waited at the front after dinner as Chef Achatz was kind enough to show us the kitchen and the front of the house, specifically the tall female (I think her name was Mallory or Melanie) was fantastic. She gave us a tour of the kitchen and helped make it even more memorable, like she understood that for many of us, dining here was a once in a lifetime experience.  Finally, I have read some reviews or blogs about Chef Achatz that dared to proclaim the chef as a prick. To that food critic, you are an asshole and a pretentious contrarian who suffers from the exact problem that most food critics share... someone who abuses his power to share his opinion and someone arrogant enough to think his opinion matters. (Basically an article about a misunderstanding over a photo taken during the private viewing of Next and Aviary). My wife and I couldn't find the Chef more charming and more humble, and I must say, meeting him and his demeanor made us that much more impressed with the meal. This is a guy who beat cancer and during much of the time of his treatment, came to work every day. This is a genius who is considered by many to be the finest chef in the USA who came to our table and painted our dessert for us. This is a guy who thanked me for coming to eat at his establishment and who wanted to make sure our photo came out good.  Chef Achatz, if you ever come across this review, you are a revelation. TWO WORDS: MAN CRUSH
