Look at David W.'s review/lisiting of the food. We apparently went during the same menu cycle, and he took better notes than I did! I would ignore the reviews from the people who haven't actually been to Schwa... Yes, it is apparently very difficult to make a reservation for this place - though I can't really speak to that since my wife made the reservation for my birthday. But, the place is tiny and it is unlike any other restaurant in the city so if it is hard to get a reservation then so be it. We were there on a Tuesday night and the restaurant was full. (Keep in mind this is probably a three hour dining experience; they aren't flipping the tables like it's an Applebee's.) I don't think they care if you are pissed off because you can't get a reservation - they have a lot of other folks who will gladly take your place in line.  So, how good is Schwa? Well, damn good. It is certainly frou-frou food. Foams, crisps, and all of the other goodies that the top end restaurants have become so fond of... Personally, I am not a huge fan of this stuff, but if you are going to have it then have it at Schwa.  We did the nine course tasting menu, and (with two bonus courses) we actually ended up getting eleven courses. We also got a bonus glass of wine. The courses ranged from exceptional (Chimay cheese soup with a mustard crisp and a homemade pretzel), to the less than wonderful (liver and onions can't be salvaged in my mind), to the bizarre - dessert (candied sweetbreads, not my thing). Everything was exceptionally prepared, most everything tasted heavenly. I was particularly fond of the "salad" at the beginning (stone crab, bananas,etc.) and their interpretation of the beer cheese soup. The antelope, pad thai, and cheese course were also great. That being said, for $110 per person, this is probably the most affordable tasting menu that you will find for this quality and this type of restaurant. If you moved this tasting menu to one of the city's other high end restaurants, then I am sure that you would add on another $65. Also, you should keep in mind that the $110 is tax inclusive. So, all in all, this place is probably 50% less expensive than some of its competitors. I loved the service at this place. The chefs serve the food, and they do it without attitude. They answer questions, they talk to you, and they are really very down to earth. Quite cool. I am subtracting one star for a simple reason - wine. Mind you, this is partly our fault. From observing people that we assumed to be "regulars", the correct thing to do is to bring several bottles of wine with you and to select the wine(s) that are most appropriate for the evening. We brought one - very good - bottle of French red. It went well with two of the courses, but it totally overwhelmed some of the others. The Schwa guys did provide a glass of French white (Vouvray) with some of the earlier courses, and that helped a lot. I just didn't want to be drinking a really full bodied, chewy French red with seafood - and we didn't have any alternatives. Oh well.  This place is truly unique. You have to try it, so keep calling. Get the reservation and go. You may not love it, but you will be glad that you went.
