We wanted to like to this place, but walking home, my wife and I had trouble figuring out a highlight of the entire dining experience. We were torn between the server (he really was trying hard), or the apple slices on the cheese plate. Yes, it was that disappointing.  Where to start.... When responding to my question "is there a place to check my coat," the appropriate response is usually NOT "no, but I can bunch it up and put it behind the hostess stand." Seriously? Is this Chicago? Are the temps cold in the winter? Is this restaurant in one of the nicer hotels on Michigan Ave.? There was no chance I wanted our coats bunched up like that, so I opted to keep them, a decision I would soon regret.  Good grief, could you be sitting any closer to the table next to you? How many people are you trying to cram in the restaurant? It was virtually impossible for anyone to enter the booth areas without completely disrupting the dining experience of the adjacent tables. The waiter had to stand behind the table and shout across to the people in the booths because there was no room. Oh, and those jackets that everyone had with them because they could not check them, where do you think they ended up? On the floor, on the dinners next to them, under butts like a booster seat.....  We went to this restaurant because they advertise "Iron Chef Mondays" on the website. It's still listed there as a type this. This special offers the tasting menu for $35. Well according to our waiter, "we haven't done that in a while (while laughing)." Well, then take it off your website!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I can't imagine we were the only people there interested in that. The waiter was selling us on the tasting menus, so we obliged and got the wine pairing for each (1 basic and 1 "premium" tasting menu). Unfortunately, the "chef won't mix the normal and premium tasting menus at the same table." Not sure why. If I was dining alone could I still order a single tasting menu? If the answer is yes, you can mix and match the two tasting menus at a table with multiple people. Are all the single diners in the restaurant on the night we were there not permitted to order off the tasting menu? There were the same amount of courses on each tasting, so it's a bit perplexing.  The quality of the food was, at best, average. While appealing to the eye, the taste was just not there. Many of the initial tapas dishes were loaded up with way too much bread and lacked any remarkable flavor. It wasn't by any means disgusting, it just wasn't very good. The two better items on the menu were the short rib flatbread and the garlic shrimp. Hindsight, I'd probably get those as my meal if I went back. Overall, for nearly $250 (two basic tastings, basic wine pairing, tax, and tip) it was not worth it. There are many other tapas places in town that are just as a good (if not better) for a fraction of the price. Hindsight, I should have used the $1.99 Sangria special after checking in on FourSqaure (unless they haven't done that in a while).
