I was disappointed. Most of the reviews on here rave about this place, and I have a few friends in that area, so we went for dinner tonight. Took us 10 minutes to get water, and it was lukewarm. Ok, fine. We are brought this...I don't even know what you'd call it, ground beef with potato and onions (it was NOT picadillo, and I didn't taste any spices) in a soggy corn tortilla with a sort of oily broth pooling around everything. Oookay. We order horchatas, and they're small (but only $1!) and oddly ALSO lukewarm, which worries me a bit, but I just stirred the ice cubes through with my straw and let it sit to get cold. I attempted to nosh on the chips (actually, pretty good) and the salsa, but it darn near took the roof of my mouth off, and I like spicy food. I sucked down my horchata and half my water in response. We got the enchiladas suiza (pollo) and the picadillo flautas. The chicken in the enchiladas tasted boiled, or something...not very fresh. That's about all the enchilada was, too; little bits of chicken rolled in a corn tortilla, covered with a smattering of tomatillo sauce, and then some cheese. As for the picadillo, I can confidently say that mine would blow this place's out of the water. Granted, I make a Cuban picadillo, but this stuff here was just ground beef...we even took apart a flauta and that was IT. Just pale cooked ground beef in grease, in that ever-present soggy corn tortilla. The beans were also kind if odd - looked like a black/pinto-mash mix. The rice was crusty and dry. The tortillas were, very disappointingly, store-bought - think major national brand - despite the local brand being sold at the register. The service never improved, either. Our server didn't make eye contact with us and treated us like we were intruding upon her otherwise normally irritable evening. We each got a - ONE - glass of tepid water for the whole time we were there. We were never asked about refills on the horchatas, and we sat finished for 15 minutes before one of us got up to request the check from the register. The guy up there, too - he was wearing a black embroidered shirt - owner? - he was pretty abrupt and clippy, too. I have no idea what we did, but apparently we weren't on this place's good side tonight. Main upshot of this place was that everything came to about $24 for the three of us, so it's not like it was an expensive mistake...just not one we'll likely make again.
