At the advice of some friends, we had made reservations at Caro Mio for dinner. We're from Canada and are in town to run the marathon on Sunday. Although a long cab ride from our downtown hotel, we were eagerly anticipatipating some great Italian food and the wonderful American hospitality we've come to expect. After a $20 cab ride, we arrive only to find out that since we had originally made the reservation for six, the fact that we were only 4 people, we would have to wait even though we could see our table empty and waiting for us. As far as we could see, there were no other diners waiting for tables.  We couldn't believe our ears!!! We explained that we'd just driven 9 hours from Canada and come here because we were told it was great . The fact that two of our friends backed out of the trip at the last minute due to injury was apparently supposed to prompt us to call this restaurant and change our reservation. Our wait time was said to be about 15 minutes. When we complained to the owner, He just kept saying over and over and over table for 6, table for 6, table for 6 and was very rude. Then he got mad and said our wait time would be 45 min to an hour!!!!!!   There is no bar to wait in (it's byob) but not wanting to waste $40 on cabs and then try to find somewhere else to eat, we decided to wait. We were seated in about 10 minutes at a cramped table jammed in beside other diners.  The food was generally good although the garlic bread consisted of bread heaped with what appeared to be basically minced fresh garlic - reminiscent of what you can buy in a jar in a grocery store. If you served that to your friends, they would have thought you had lost your mind! Our main course dishes were very very good although too huge even for our hearty appetites.  Our server was wonderful and very very pleasant so we were able to relax and enjoy our dinner despite the unpleasant encounter with the owner.We later found out that they don't accept reservations for less than 6 people and that for parties of 5 or more, an 18% gratuity is automatically added to the bill!!!! Seems that money might have been the driving force behind the whole reservation debaucle....SInce hospitality and the atttitude towards patrons is very important to us, we will never never eat there again or recommend it to anyone else.
