For days I waffled about whether or not we should go here on our Chicago trip--would it really be worth the hefty price tag? For the same cost you could get a number of good or even fantastic meals at other restaurants after all. Well, we went and I'm happy to say it was indeed worth it! As others have noted the service is impeccable--indeed it borders on intimidating! But once I got over it being insanely attentive I realized it wasn't just service, it was Kabuki Theater. Then I was able to get into the spirit of the thing. Food and cocktails (ranging from $18-$22 for the curious) were excellent! And in addition to your regular courses there is an amuse included, and bread service (the pumpernickel onion bread was to die for. I could happily eat it every day of my life!), and a palate-cleansing interlude. You begin to feel that the prix fixe is not only worth it, but something of a bargain ;) After trying my boyfriend's Scotchman Can Take a Punch (one of their signature cocktails) I decided I wanted one for myself, even though if you had asked my I would have told you I didn't like any of the ingredients in it. THAT is high praise for a restaurant--making you eat or drink something you were sure you didn't like! I even had a second one.  For food I had the chestnut soup, which was wonderful, and the short ribs, which were some of the best I've ever had. Our server explained they sous vide and seared, so they were like no short ribs I've ever had before. An amazing dish. They were sauced tableside, and the accompaniments were beautiful. I was particularly impressed by the tiny carved apple cups holding herb oil. Tru pays attention to every last detail. The cheese cart was also a treat. Another server brought it around, and he was extremely well-informed about everything. I was impressed by his memory, to say the least! The dessert was the only misstep--I got the "s'mores" and I found the different chocolate mousses and cakes to be rather one note, and presentation wasn't as interesting either. I've had much better desserts at other restaurants, and I have to say the ones I make are better as well :P But I didn't mind. The rest of the meal was fabulous.
