I'm probably going to get a lot of shit for giving this a high rating, but I'm thinking about it in terms of something like a "special occasion" spot, particularly around the holidays when you'd like a view of Michigan Ave. I've honestly only been here twice. My coworkers and I have come here for our holiday lunch the last two years. I LOVE it for that. We get there before the lunch rush and have both times managed to get great tables- this time right up on the window in the bigger dining room, last year in the sort of side room (sorry, can't really explain it well!) Like The Cheesecake Factory, Grand Lux has a huge menu. This includes lots of lunch combos. Prices are not bad at all considering the location. I'm pretty sure I got the same thing both times - some kind of chicken wrap that I can definitely only make it half way through before I pack the rest up for next days' lunch. I'd be willing to bet that most of the food, like CF, is good but not mind-blowing. But that's not really why you're here. BTW - Carrot Cake. Yum yum. Not Hub 51 yum yum but pretty darned close.  Service has been friendly but not overly solicitous.  This is definitely the sort of place I'd take out-of-towners or suburbanites who don't get a lot of downtown time and their children (it is loud here during peak times and I don't get the sense that you'll get mean stares if you have lively children! But please go before the American Girl store so no one else has to be subjected to those purchases). I don't say I would take people here because it is "soooo Chicago" but because there is definitely a wow factor walking in. Not in a cool and trendy way, but still...I wouldn't recommend it for city dwellers or the young and hip, but if you're willing to be a little bit cheesy for a day, this is a nice stop along the way. Sitting in the window booth watching snow fall on Michigan Ave., I do feel transported from my day for a while (actually, this makes me think of being inside The Nutcracker world- how Christmas appropriate!) and that is hard to come by being a jaded city girl.
