Where to start with this place? Went there this last weekend with a date because I had heard about how good the food was and have always been curious about Romanian food. Well suffice it to say the menu is European at best. And the owner Branko is far from Romanian. In fact I over heard him talking poorly about Romanian people to what was clearly a very young and very new busgirl /host??? Our waiter was a very nice and courteous american gentlemen that actually helped us with the menu and gave a great recommendation about the Beef Goulash and Veal Paprika dish. He also sold me on the Romanian Pinot Noir wine. Yet even though he seemed to be busy basically covering the entire floor being a waiter, busboy, host and bartender while this Branko went around hitting on every female in the building (very young waitresses included), you could hear the owner yelling across the floor for him to do something else. A strained smile and a nod and the waiter was on it. The bread was fresh and very good. The meal came out shortly after our appetizer was finished and as our waiter stated we were not disappointed. Half way through our meal we could hear over the live jazz duo the owner screaming profanities at someone in the kitchen. After our meal while we were finishing our wine the now what seemed to be overly happy owner Branko came by with some kind of booze and offered for my date and myself Who wants to do my holy water baby?! Having read about his we both passed yet he insisted and had to numerously reject him. The entire time he is rubbing my dates shoulder with one hand making her extremely uncomfortable. After he finally gave up and went on to pray on other customers we were both ready to go. Time for the check and our waiter cleared our table while apologizing for the owners actions and showed us the dessert menu and even though it looked tempting we were on a time constraint. He told us he would go have our bill rang up for us. While he went to track down the owner I presume to have our check rang up for us. Prices not to bad and a very pleasant atmosphere. But we will probably never be back. It is disturbing when the wait staff seem to be treated like a whipping boy and the owner is so unprofessional he feels it is okay to scream at the kitchen staff through the window and the way/words he chose to use makes it all the more atrocious. The only reason I am giving this place any stars is due to the quality of food and the service we received from a very stressed and poorly treated staff.
