A friend and I wanted to try out a new brunch place, as we often look to The Bristol for our Sunday morning adventures. We heard excellent things about The Bongo Room and decided to give it a shot. I was slightly apprehensive on the ride over. We were told that oftentimes folks can wait up to two hours to get a table. As a precautionary measure, we arrived at 8:45am, fifteen minutes before their schedule opening. A smattering of bleary-eyed brunchers were waiting outside discussing which dish they were going to order (and what mistakes they made the night before). There was a particularly amusing, OCD-inclined woman hell-bent on creating a line that made this short wait more entertaining. My initial worries were quashed when we were let in at 9am and seated immediately.  Our server was fairly standard. She managed to get everything to us on time, warm and with a half-smile. There were a few moments where I felt as though she could have chosen a warmer approach but, all-in-all, she was decent. The quality of the food was excellent. It became abundantly clear that inventive combinations of fresh ingredients make this place unique. I ordered the BLT Benedict w/ pesto hollandaise sauce and a side of roasted rosemary potatoes. My friend had the Breakfast Burrito and a single side of Chocolate French Toast. My chief complaint, however, is that these dishes were extremely hearty and filling. As I walked to the bathroom, I saw another dude with some berry pancakes, overflowing over the sides of his place. Most people don't have that kind of appetite in the morning. I know I certainly don't. I'd recommend cutting down the portion sizes and saving the need for to-go boxes. If you're not going to have paper towels in the bathroom (seemingly to save paper), why not eliminate the need for boxed leftovers as well? BOTTOM LINE: This is definitely on my list of great brunch places in Chicago. While the portion size is at times overwhelming, the innovative culinary creations make it worth a trip. Get there before it opens to limit any stress caused by having to wait!
