My girlfriend and I went here on my 35th birthday since I wanted to have some good fried chicken. I had heard about this place on the Yahoo "10 best chicken places in America" article and thought Korean fried chicken sounded too intriguing to miss! Some of the BEST fried chicken I have ever had! We got the "Funke Chicken Combo" (which had a whole chicken, two sides, and two drinks), and a Baby Budda Bowl. All together it was a whole fried chicken, an order of deep-fried mushrooms, an order of onion rings, a side dish of Kimchee, a Baby Budda bowl, and 2 drinks for around $35! The prices are VERY reasonable considering the portion sizes and quality of the food.  The chicken is cut asian style (not whole pieces of breast or thigh but chopped into smaller sizes), and can either come plain (don't let that fool you, it is nicely spiced and very tasty), or coated with one of their sauces (ginger-teryiaki, bbq, and hot and spicy).  The Budda bowls come in a variety of styles and flavors, but it is basically stir fried vegetables over rice with a sauce and a fried egg on top, and comes in three sizes, baby, normal, and big. They also have excellent wings, side dishes Now, although the food is excellent, the place itself has a few issues that need addressing. First of all, parking is somewhat of a problem as it is street metered parking only. Second, the actual dining area is TINY, with four picnic style tables and a couple of counters to eat at, which can make things very crowded if the place is busy. And finally, the place isn't a resturant, it is a counter order-pick up food kinda place, so don't expect service or for the food to be ready quickly, on the plus side it was very hot and fresh, so it is definitly worth the wait! Oh and when I mentioned it was my birthday and how I had been excited to come and try the place out, the guy behind the counter gave me a free coupon for a whole chicken on my next visit! All in all, a place for GREAT chicken, interesting side dishes, and good food, but not a great place for sit down dining during the lunch or dinner rushes.
