I enjoyed dinner with a party of six at The Gage last night and had quite a nice time overall. Arriving at 7:30 on a summer Friday evening, our first impression was how much louder it was inside than out on busy Michigan Avenue and Millennium Park. I mean, REALLY loud. The upscale, but rustic charm of the space barely outshined the acoustical challenges, but we were promptly seated at a big comfy half-circle booth near the back of the house. Our server was witty, attentive and on his game despite the fact that he was obviously waiting several busy tables. Only once did he leave me with an empty glass long enough for another gentleman (headwaiter?) to cut in and offer to refresh my empty pint glass. Nice touch. The bottle list was pretty good, but the selection of drafts was a little sparse for a gastropub. Regardless, I loved all three of my Lagunitas L'il Sumpin' Sumpin' drafts and a taste of a friend's very bright and hoppy Imperial IPA selection. I opted for the mussels in vindaloo broth and the fish and chips, both of which I had heard so many good things about. The mussels were $11 and the fish and chips were $17 so I was definitely expecting good things. The mussels were quite tasty and the vindaloo was a nice touch (and wonderful to sop up with the crusty toast provided). They didn't exactly blow my mind, but my idea of perfect mussels comes accompanied with lots of butter and either a white wine or belgian ale broth. I love Indian flavors so I had no problem finishing them. The fish and chips arrived with three chunky filets served inside a paper cone surrounded by a page of the Irish American News (nice touch!) and over a bed of tasty, if not a bit unremarkable chips/fries. The fish filets were perfectly moist and flaky, almost falling apart in perfect sections on my fork. The batter was a perfect balance of "enough there to know it, but not so much that the fish was in any way overshadowed". The tartar sauce was amazing and I could have gone through twice as much of that. The curry served with the chips had a wonderful light flavor, but was too runny and slid off the chips as they were dipped. I was yearning for the thicker onion-laden sauce served at our favorite Irish pubs in town. Others at our table enjoyed the prime burger (both said 'good', but no raves), the scallop dish (very good, but gone in a heartbeat at 3-4 pieces), the pork chop special (high marks from the diner and one of the best-looking chops I've ever seen). One diner also had the bacon-laden brussels sprouts side which I tried a bite of and enjoyed quite a lot. As I said above, service was very attentive. Nice touches like premium glassware, salt and pepper grinders and upscale cutlery gave this a high-end feel in a still very laid back environment. As we were finishing up, the proprietor, Billy Lawless stopped by our table and asked us about our meal. My wife and I had known him back when he was running The Grafton in Lincoln Square so it was nice to see him again. Again, overall a nice evening. The menu has selections that are approachable to most anyone with everything from a burger or fish and chips all the way to more daring selections like bison tartare and saddle of elk. The prices are indeed steep and more in-line with those you'd expect at a more formal "special occasion" place, but with the perfect location across from Millennium Park and near hotels and theaters, they'll keep packing them in regardless. Me, I'm going to try them for lunch at the bar next time. I bet that's going to be a little more to my liking.
