Ultimately, I wouldn't travel up to the 5300 block of Clark Street in order to eat here, but if I were up there and looking for a good bite, I would probably go back. My biggest issues were with service and the pasta dishes, but otherwise the food was pretty good. Careful with dishes that include chili oil - they're not fooling around when it comes to adding heat. Here's how it went down: Right off the bat, we ordered a bottle of sparkling rose to celebrate one of my best friends' birthdays. At the same time, we ordered the assortment of the first eight starters on the menu as well as a special starter and a salad: grilled scamorza cheese with chili oil and lemon and the market salad with fresh sugar snap peas, fava beans and shaved pecorino in a light lemon and herb dressing. The assortment was wonderful: red beets, white turnips, cannellini beans, asparagus, farro, eggplant caponata, roasted peppers with a breadcrumb topping and olives. We ate just about the whole plate between the three of us. The scamorza cheese was VERY spicy and delicious, but had a fried-looking coating which was inconsistent with the "grilled" description. The spice kind of took over and didn't leave room for the other flavors, but that didn't kill the dish for me. The market salad was excellent - very light and fresh and crisp. That was gone in under 3 minutes. We'd pretty much finished all of our starters (and, as you can see, we ordered a lot of them) when we realized that we didn't have our rose. Or the basket of bread that everyone around us seemed to have. Or a new bottle of water (which was pretty important since the cheese was so hot). When our waiter finally came back, we very nicely reminded him of the rose and he was quick to admit that he had completely forgotten it. He was racing back to the kitchen before we could also ask for the bread and water. He finally got us the wine and raced around for the bread and water as soon as we asked. We figured that even though he was a little forgetful, he was trying to make up for it. Plus, from the moment we came into the restaurant he had been fluttering around our table complimenting us and "flirting" as much as a middle-aged gay man can with three twenty-somethings. I figured it was in the hope of getting a better tip. Anyway, after the wine, bread and water incident, he mentioned in an apologetic way that he would make it up to us and to make sure the birthday girl left room for dessert. In my head, I figured "free dessert" or at least free something. Our entrees arrived and they initially brought me the wrong pasta. I took a look at it and quickly explained that this didn't look like the strozzapretti the waiter had described - he had said "bowtie pasta" and this was penne of some kind. They very quickly made the switch, so I wasn't really put off by the mixup. But when they set my correct dish in front of me, I was confused by what the waiter thought a bowtie looked like. The pasta was clearly homemade, which I appreciated, but it was just thick, dense strips of dough - not light and al dente. The seasonings were good - spicy from the chilis and pretty fishy due to the anchovy soffritto, but the pasta itself was just not well made. Period. The other pasta at our table was the orrechiette with lamb sausage. The pasta actually looked like orrechiette, so that was good, but when I tasted it, I was similarly disappointed. Too dense and doughy - not al dente at all (at least I didn't think it was - the orderer of the dish didn't seem to mind). The flavors in the orrechiete were, again good, but still lacking a little. I wanted there to be more sauce. As it was, the pasta was a little too dry for me. It was really too bad about both pasta dishes because I go to Italian places for the purpose of ordering pasta and I want it to be excellent every time. However, I think Anteprima is a place for traditional main courses because the birthday girl's hangar steak was to die for. The steak itself was grilled rare with excellent, crusty seasonings and sat on a bed of farro with a mint and fava bean pesto. The pesto was excellent and tasted really light and fresh. With the farro and juicy steak, the dish was incredible. I don't order steak very much because I generally figure I know what the flavor of a steak is and want to try something new, but I would probably order the hangar steak if I went back - the flavors were very original. I was impressed. We didn't do a dessert (we walked down the block to share a sundae at George's instead - the Grasshopper is spectacular), but the list provided a lot of variety and involved a lot of fresh fruit, which I appreciated. The bill came promptly and to my surprise there was no comped anything and no secret birthday dessert. This didn't really bother me, but it didn't improve my overall sentiments about the lacking service.
