Chicago is known for it's overwhelming, artery-clogging deep-dish pizza, however, it's also known for it's authentic cultural eats. That's where Spacca [Napoli] comes in. This is the real deal! Well to tell you the truth, I've never actually been to Italia myself but Spacca has the Vera Pizza Napoletana Association sign outside to confirm its authenticity. The pizzaiuolo (pizzamaker) bakes each and every super thin-crust pizza or 'pie' fresh in the custom-built Italian oven surrounded by the mosaic . AND HELLO TRUFFLE LOVERS!!! You have found your match...Bianco Nero: A pie of pecorino with black truffle, fior di latte mozzarella, porcini mushrooms, and white truffle oil. It must be the best (and more uniquely flavored) pizza I've ever bit into. You would think with pizza this delicious there's quite the wait, wrong! The pizzas are baked in literally 2 minutes. If you're in a hurry for a tasty take-out meal (no delivery) or prefer to skip appetizers to dig right in to your main entree, the pizzas quick to be served. Spacca accepts reservations every day of the week. So if you're visiting on a weekend evening, I'd recommend making one. Now for my few complaints (while carefully censoring what I say since the patron saint of pizza was looking down on me at the restaurant): Prices are a bit extreme. $16 for a just under 12" pizza? Really?! Yes, I understand that the Mozzarella di Bufala is imported directly from Naples and truffles are pricey, but the price is steep for a personal sized pizza. We purchased three pizzas and the total was just under $50. The worst part is that the Margherita pizza had only three leaves of basil, not to mention the cheese is was also sparse. We fought over those few slices. Now, whether the owner is trying to go "green" or not, no take-out menus is a bit bothersome. Instead, he recommends you go to the webpage with annoying music and unfriendly mobile interface. All in all, Spacca is so damn tasty and authentic, with a lovely dining ambiance (plus nice outdoor patio for the spring and summer) you can't help but return.
