I went here with 5 other people on a Sunday night. Pretty easy to get into, no line to wait in (we went around 9pm). We got in and sat in a nice booth toward the back. We all got different drinks. Four of us were new here, and coming to the Violet Hour on a college budget isn't very affordable. But we decided to celebrate the end of our exams and relax before everyone took off for vacation. This was a pretty good spot to do just that. Here's what we ordered: Zarzamora (ordered by me), Nickle Manhattan, Juliet and Romeo, special house drink requested by a bartender, Tequila Manhattan, and the Special Margarita. Everyone's drinks were really good. My Zarzamora was made with Wild Turkey 101, orange bitters, raspberry, and something else that had a fancy name. It came in a tall glass with an orange peel as garnish and an ice cube as long as my glass! It was absolutely delicious. Everyone else had simple glasses with adorable sidecars. Every special mixed drink on the menu (and the requested drink) was $12. That's not bad, considering they factor in tax in the drink price already. My friend also ordered the tempura batter Reese's peanut butter cups. They were pretty rich and delicious, but I think I will just stick to tempura veggies. Of course this place is a bit pretentious and gimmicky. They don't want to be seen as "just another bar," and they do a good job of setting themselves apart from the rest. It's all part of the experience, and I appreciate that they really put an effort into making the most complex yet delicious concoctions. You won't see any vodka cranberries here, and that is definitely a good thing! What also impressed me was the decor and the overall atmosphere. It really makes a difference how you decorate and present yourself as a bar. Violet Hour was clean and tidy. It was dimly lit, but in a way that wasn't offensively dark. I would definitely come back here. Now, if only I had a better paying job so that I could afford more than one drink per visit...
