After a workout, I finally made it back to Xoco for lunch this time and was again, in love. It wasn't too cold, so a friend and I waited in line for about 15mins (outside) and 20mins (inside), so not too bad. I liked the fact that they seat you, and you're not given an order number until a table is available. So while it allows the wait line to grow, it's much better than waiting with your food for a table to open up. By the time we got to order, it was past 3pm so we could order caldos (yes!). All winter I've wanted to try the pozole, so I definitely ordered the chicken pozole (medium heat). I also ordered a choriqueso torta and short rib caldo to go (for the hubby at home/dinner that night). Also, since we were on a full pig-out spree, we also got 3 churros and a hot chocolate. LOVED that they asked if we wanted the hot choc and churros after our meal! We were seated at the "bar" type seating, which is a bit awkward since your nose is a foot away from the wall in front of you, but eh, I'll take it. The food took about 10mins to arrive which is pretty fast given the volume. My pozole was a hot, comforting, perfectly-seasoned (quite spicy!) bowl of broth with organic chicken and hominy. A few condiments on the side, sprinkled on top and it was so delicious. Exactly what I wanted after a hardcore workout and 35min wait. My friend ordered the choriqueso torta and loved it as well. It smelled delicious (good to know, since it was what I ordered to-go). Anyhow, once we were done with our lunch, we packed the leftovers, and then they brought out our hot chocolate and churros. We both got the classic hot chocolate. AGAIN, as I said in my breakfast review..... the BEST HOT CHOCOLATE and CHURROS. EVER. I daydream about these two items, and could happily devour them at any given time. YUM YUM YUM. Perfect ending to our lunch. My to-go order arrived somewhere in between us drooling over the churros, and was nicely labeled and packed - in "green" containers nonetheless. So we had Xoco for dinner at home too. For me, the choriqueso was too rich and quite greasy, but maybe it's better had at the restaurant? I'll try a different torta next time though. However, the short rib caldo was delicious. Huge pieces of short rib, chunks of veggies, a rich delicious broth and a squeeze of lime. Very good. I love Xoco. And I don't think the love affair is ending anytime soon. :)
