I've eaten at almost every steakhouse in Chicago and many more around the world. This place is an amazing addition to the carnivore landscape in our fair city. Be prepared to bring your appetite and your black card. Upon entering, I dig the dark, rat pack feel to the place. The women at the front desk were very friendly and accommodating for such a top-shelf place. We were initially seated in the bar area, which wasn't going to work for this particular dinner because we had to talk business and that section is a little loud with the live music and boisterous people. Any other night and I would have enjoyed that area. The hostess wasn't thrown off by my request for a table in the dining room and took care of us right away. I was impressed because I definitely expected an attitude. Once seated, our waitress Amanda was excellent. She had a great attitude, was fun, attentive and didn't rush us one bit. We ordered a great bottle of Archery Summit Pinot Noir and then went onto a customized selection of shellfish presented with some theater of dry ice smoke (see my picture). Since Stone Crabs are in season, I couldn't resist. Add in a few oysters from each coast and we were on our way. From there, I went with the petit filet that had an amazing spice and seasoning taste and was cooked just right. Couple that with some incredible lobster mashed potatoes that had huge chunks of fresh lobster meat and heaven wasn't far away. After we couldn't take anymore, Amanda brought key lime pie and cheesecake with a huge side of homemade whipped cream - my god. I wanted that whipped cream on my steak, next time. This is an excellent place for a business dinner, although it is a little boisterous, even in the main dining room or a date night. However, be prepared to spend some money. While it isn't at the Tru or Alinea level in terms of cost, it is up there. And, I just received a phone call from Mastro's making sure my visit last night was satisfactory and to my standards. How many restaurants and businesses do that? Impressive. I will be back.
