In high school my nickname was actually "big jones." Not because of any part of my anatomy or anything. Because of my insatiable food cravings. People used to wonder if I was jonesing (during class hours?) big time. Okay, that's not entirely true. But it could have been. I do have a tremendous, um, appetite. What is 100% the truth is that I have not been to New Orleans in 12 years and Big Jones made me want to hop a plane there right away for some laissez les bons temps rouler. You know, whichever two words in the slogan translate into "good times." I took Spanish in high school, not French. The only thing this helped with was pronouncing the brunch dish I ordered - the migas. They stick out on the menu filled with Creole specialties but, being a sucker for chilaquiles, I was glad their cousin ended up here. These were made to perfection. The egg layer was soft and fluffy and the salsa layer tangy bordering on spicy. There was hot sauce on the table for the truly adventurous, but I was glad that the sour cream layer was plentiful. And they definitely satisfied the big jones I had for brunch. The portions here are eye popping. One of the people I was dining with got the french toast and it looked like it was about to crack the plate with its weight. Even if my migas hadn't migatagated my hunger, the free beignets bites that come with every table at brunch were warm, soft, and satisfying. And covered in so much powdered sugar that it left a stain. They were fun to stick in your mouth that the ladies I was dining with couldn't... But I'm not going to go there. This is a family review. As far as the waitstaff goes, let's just say that the service was friendly and attentive but not bawdy in any way. This isn't really New Orleans, just a classy southern-style restaurant. To satisfy a true debaucherous spirit, apart from this wonderfully tasty food, one would take a trip to the Big Easy. Which was, for the record, not a nickname of mine in high school either. Although it would have been fun if it was.
