For Christmas, the boyfriend's mother gifted us with a certificate for free glasses of champagne, a tour of the kitchen, a tour of the art, and personalized commemorative menus to take home. We decided to save it for a special occasion, and so we went for my birthday last weekend. Fortunately, we got reservations when we called about 2 months ahead of time, but it was close, so plan ahead! When we arrived, we were taken on a tour of the kitchen. If you have the opportunity to do this, I recommend taking advantage. It was really neat to see how efficient this kitchen was. It's not at all like those cooking shows where everyone is yelling and chopping vegetables (and possibly fingers) with sharp knives in the intense heat. No, this was a zen kitchen. Very cool. We were then seated in the minimalist dining room. Extra points for having special stool things just for ladies' purses. We ordered the 9-course Chef's Collection tasting menu. You don't have to order the same menu as your dining companions, but we did. We also ordered a nice bottle of pinot noir to accompany our meal. In case you can't decide what you want from the giant encyclopedia of wine, they have a sommelier on hand to guide you. Because, why wouldn't they have a roving sommelier? Later in the evening, he helped us select glasses of wine for dessert, and my glass of chardonnay was the best chardonnay I've ever had. I won't go into detail about every single course because this review is already really long. My favorite courses were the white sturgeon "caviar," the pork belly, and the veal ribeye. The appetizers were very creatively presented. The proteins were less fancy, but it didn't matter because they were delicious. Dessert was about 3 courses long, and they were all great. The food was good, but not overwhelmingly so. There were a couple of dishes that I didn't care for, namely the flan and the pea soup. The service was impeccable. Not a single detail went unattended. We went for my birthday, and every staff member wished me a happy birthday. My menu said "Happy Birthday Molly" on it, and I was even brought a little cake with "Happy Birthday Molly" written on the plate. It made me feel very welcome and appreciated. 5 stars for the service. It was pricey (around $600 with tip and tax), but I felt that everything was priced about right. I certainly didn't feel like our meal was a rip-off. Overall, I would say that Tru lived up to my expectations, but didn't exceed them. It was a nice introduction to molecular gastronomy, and I had a wonderful time. I definitely recommend Tru if you're looking for a very special culinary experience.
