I write this at risk of personal wrath from Gino himself and at risk of public blasphemy for being critical of a hometown icon. I must speak the truth. "There can be no higher law in journalism than to tell the truth and shame the devil." -- Walter Lippmann First, we did our homework before we left home. We read online food blogs, watched those Food Network shows, saw what Fodor's and Frommer's had to say. But then we ultimately relied on the suggestions of our hotel's concierge. [I'm going to pause here for a moment and tell you that I received a few "gut instinct" warnings during our trek for Chicago pizza and just like that joke about Jesus and the rowboat coming to save the guy from the flood and him repeatedly ignoring and turning away help, I chose to ignore these.] The first tip off should have been when the concierge didn't immediately whip out a suggestion. Rather, she began with the words, "well, you could go to..." My instinct knew a true Chicago pizza lover would have a favorite and would have led with that recommendation. Either she wasn't a native or she's not a pizza lover and either should have disqualified her from making a suggestion. Next, she recommended a couple of pizza chains. That should have been a major red flag. We wound up going to Gino's East. Its curb appeal is cute and charming. Once we entered, though, it seemed campy (tip off #2) and the first employee we encountered was unenthusiastic and not welcoming (tip off #3) as she directed us to take a flight of stairs up to the main dining room. The employee/hostess who greeted us at the top of the stairs was equally blase (tip off #4 - good food + good work environment = happy employees/smiles). She mumbled "would you prefer a table or booth" and directed us to a location. When our server approached the table, she did ask "is this your first time dining with us?" but her heart wasn't in it (tip off #5). Her expression and her whole aura said less "I'm glad you're here" and more "I don't get paid for 10 more days" or "I think I'm pregnant again." She was quick to notify us that ordering what we were there for - a deep dish pie - would take "45 minutes to an hour." We ordered drinks (thankfully, they had Coke products) and an appetizer (calamari) and settled in for the wait. When the pizza made it's way out, it was brought by another Gino's associate, Mitch. I want you to know Mitch's name should you go in the near future. Mitch brought our pie out with those little pliers they use to pull the pan from the oven and transport it to the table. I must say as he laid it before us, it neither looked (tip off #6) nor smelled especially appealing (tip off #7). It had already been sliced prior to coming out but he used the spatula serving tool to go around the edge once more and then better define the slices. As he moved the spatula among the slices, I noticed two things: one, he was leaning too close and too hover-y over my food. His face was inches from the pizza. Secondly, if you've ever made a pizza at home, specifically a microwave one, you know the result of cutting into it too soon and not letting it "rest" and settle. The cheese disappears and winds up completely jumping ship on a couple of slices. That's what I noted as he basically played with our food. That it was too hot and he was totally ruining it. That it just needed to sit for a few minutes. I let it go as I assumed that part of his repertoire was dramatically cutting and serving the first piece. But then - and I want to call attention to this - he asked, or so I thought, "would you like me to serve you?" Jumping at this opportunity to allow the pizza to cool a little, I said, "no, thank you, I'll get my own." To this he replied, "oh, no m'am! This pizza is 500 degrees. We can't have you getting your own." So he served me up a piece of saucy, messy, cheese sliding off pie, and walked off leaving this pan of molten lava at the end of our table. I touched the handle of the spatula as he walked offf just for spite. Ass. Everything from here on was beyond ordinary and not worthy of commenting. I will say I did not care for the crust. It was cornbread like in appearance, consistency and taste. Very dense and mealy. Thanks, Gino's. I went from "I don't really care for pizza...unless I'm in Chicago, of course" to "eh, I don't really like pizza."
