As soon as I found out my brother & I would be in Chicago in May, our first move was to figure out how to get a table at Alinea. We are both foodies and had watched the restaurant from afar, and we wanted a chance to experience it. We had never spent more than $50 or $60 for a meal, but were willing to pay the price for something like Alinea.  We called a couple months in advance and were able to get a prime 8:30pm spot on a Saturday. The restaurant was happy to accommodate our requests for no alcohol or no pork in the dishes, which was a relief. Upon arriving at the restaurant, you'll notice that there's no sign and it's in a fairly unassuming gray building. As you walk in, you are greeted by a small hallway bathed in a red glow. An automatic sliding door opens to your left and you are greeted -- by name -- and taken directly to your table.  Despite probably being the youngest people in the restaurant, we were treated well by the large and experienced wait staff, and they made an effort to be approachable. They are definitely trained to add to the drama and overall excitement. We were especially impressed by their focus on service in all aspects of your time there -- including getting you a cab or ensuring your car is waiting for you. Many people have already written about the food and menu, so I do not need to add to that and ruin any surprises or give away the fun. I will, however, echo the sheer fun and brilliance of the restaurant. We tried many ingredients for the first time and most dishes were excellent. Surprisingly, some of the meat, especially the lamb, was cooked less perfectly than expected, but the dishes still impressed. The dessert, crafted by Chef Achatz at the end of our meal, directly on our table, was fun and you could see his intense focus and technique. I would encourage you to go with some excitement and an open mind. It's certainly not cheap, but it's a memorable meal and if you're like me, you'll start scheming to return as soon as you walk out the door.
