Some of my friends had gone to this place a couple of weeks ago to celebrate a birthday. They apparently had a good time, so when my bff asked me how this club was, I told her (based on my friends reviews) that it sounded like it was a fun club. Boy was I wrong! We went to celebrate my bff sister's birthday, on Saturday. We got there with another gf around 10:45. Parking was kind of difficult to find and valet was $12. Its a very shady neighborhood, full of warehouses and factories. The place is actually behind a meat packing place that my step-brother use to co-own and I worked there a summer when I was younger to earn a little bit of money. I was kind of surprised by the location of this "club". It looked like a place where you could be mugged or killed your body thrown in a dump or the river and you would never be heard from again! So we find parking about a block away walk there and there's a line waiting to get in, I assume there where about 20 people in front of us waiting to get in. It was freezing outside and there was ice on the sidewalk. I mean if the club managers know there's going to be girls going who are wearing heels. Wouldn't the smart thing be to throw some salt to melt the ice to prevent injury!? So were waiting, and waiting and waiting and the line moves about an inch. We continue waiting and waiting and waiting...Meanwhile our toes are beginning to hurt from the cold. Finally we make it just inside this little un-heated tent they had out there, at least the cold air won't hit us. We continue to wait and wait and wait.... In the meantime there's groups of people who just go talk to the bouncer and get in. That's fine we figure they probably bought one of they're expensive, watered down bottles. After half an hour of waiting and our toes freezing off, we start to question if this place will really be worth it. We contemplate leaving, but decide not to since we already waited this long. Half an hour later the bouncer decides only women can get in, we where the first ones behind a group of guys. So we finally get in, only to find we HAVE to check our coats in. which causes us to wait again because the coat check room is right by the entrance. Were inside its now about 11:45 and the place is half empty and there's more girls than guys standing around! Wth! why where they keeping us out in the freezing Chicago weather? Why did they only, eventually only let girls inside? And why was this place so freaking small!? I thought there would be a lower or upper level!? Its basically the main "dance" floor where the bar is on one side and tables and chairs on the other. And two smaller rooms, I guess for parties. But then again what did I expect if this place is behind a freaking meat packing factory!!! We left after about twenty minutes and 2 drinks later to find a place where we could really dance(La Pachanga) The only good thing was we didn't pay a cover because my friend forwarded me that get-in-the-club-free txt. Will NEVER be going to this place again!!!
