It was my birthday and of course Texas de Brazil hooked it up with some class and of course a free complimentary dinner entree with the purchase of one dinner entree. Excited, me and a pal decided to meet up for dinner at Texas de Brazil and see what all this Brazilian steakhouse eating was all about. I waited in the lounge where I saw an argument between staff about matches and where matches were located which I thought kind of odd. The thing that really bugged me was the loud screeching front door that made an insane wail every time it opened. The lounge area itself was quite swank with nice lights and some wicker stuff. The hostess let me know that when my friend arrived we could come back to the front. My friend arrived and we were seated on the first floor with white cloth tables and there was plenty of chatter and bustle going on upstairs. We went to hit up the buffet and found great meats, salads, soups, and veggies. I took favor with the seasoned cold shrimp which fit perfectly well in my lobster bisque! The potato dishes were pretty good but I liked the mashed potatoes that greeted us when we came back and fried plantains. The big buffet really reminded me of a Las Vegas style buffet with the good food, fancy pots, and high quality food. Let's turn the token GREEN! In came sausage, duck, pork chops, parmesan crusted meats, oh man. RED! The bumrush of servers with big skewers of meat halted and we were amazed at the meats on the plate. I bit into flank steak, carved through chicken, and ate some meat lollipops. We sipped on beers and just kept going at the food. GREEN! In came lamb, then there was this big steak my friend saw flying around and commanded for "the big one that looks like a tire!" and they hooked it up medium rare. The food was terrific albeit after awhile much too salty for my tastes. I probably should have gotten some sauces, but the meat was of good texture on the outside and tender on the in. We could have made a three hour meal of it all but settled in on a much more abbreviated feast as we were unable to breathe! After the delicious eats, we headed our for a 2 mile walk to get our senses back!
