This was the second restaurant that me and several fellow graduating seniors of Proviso East H.S's Class of '06 went to, as the school celebrated our graduation. If you asked me which one of the two restaurants we were taken to that I preferred most-Old Country Buffet or Fogo de Chao, I would have to pick the latter, even though it's a heck of a lot more expensive. Thankfully, the all-you-can-eat lunch buffet at FDC was another all-expenses-paid by the school, so none of us had to dig into our pockets to pay for it. Our day began by going to Navy Pier and walking around the lakefront. A P.E. staff member snapped a couple pictures of us standing on the edge of a dock at Navy Pier next to the water, which was so lovely. I still have that picture btw, a copy of course. Then, we went to Fogo de Chao. Before getting the main dish, we went to the restaurant's salad bar and every one of us stocked our plate with veggies, meats, and cheeses. I especially loved the cheeses, they were oh so irresistible. Now, the main dish, the meat, but before I get to the meat, oh my gosh, those bread rolls they serve here are to die for! Whenever one of the gauchos-the guys dressed in those neat suits-came to our table, I always requested more bread rolls. I didn't need any butter for them because they were so good! The other seniors didn't seem to care too much for them, but forget them! They didn't have great taste! Lol. Okay, now on to the meat. It was great. I loved it! How you are served the meat is just plain ol' cool! There's a button you are given. Turn it on green, and the gauchos come to put meat on your plate. Turn it on red, and they don't show up at all. I liked the picanha, Brazilian top sirloin, the cordeiro (lamb), frango (chicken), and the linguica (some kind of sausage), but NO meat, NO meat I tell you did I love more than the lombo (Parmesan pork loin)! Oh my gosh, it was just as delicious as the bread rolls except that it was cheesier and meaty. And just like the bread rolls, it melted in the mouth! Oh my gosh, I want to go back to FDC just for that meat! I don't know how to make it at home, unfortunately. I can't remember what the other seniors ordered for dessert, but I picked the turtle cheesecake, which was oh so good! Is this place expensive to eat at? Hmmm, I wouldn't say so. Lunch, which is served between 11-2, which is when we came here, is just $32.50 including the salad bar, but if you do only the salad bar, that's going to cost you $22.50. Not bad, not bad at all, especially when you discover how this food is made and where the techniques and training associated with preparing it are adopted from---thousands of miles away.
