Whitey 1 and Whitey 2 are on a out-of-the-norm asian food kick. After dim sum a few weeks ago, we decided we have to make it out for the craziness that is Korean BBQ. With an open mind and stomach we set out to try all the silly little dishes they give you with some of the yummiest, tenderest meat that you painstakingly grill yourself. The service sucks, yes. They make you hurry up and order, take the menus and don't really come back much. But whatever, this is a whole different kind of experience. To the inexperienced Korean BBQ eaters (like us): Order the seasoned short ribs. We had that and the tender beef thinly sliced thingie, too. It was all pretty amazing. (You can just order number 15 and 18, whities, no need to pretend to know the korean names!) The grill gets really frikken' hot, then when it starts to get to normal grilling temperature, they tell you to hurry up and grill before it goes out. But it's ok, because while you let the men do all the manly grilling, there's all kinds of weird shit you can try. I recommend the eggy pancake thingie, the clear noodles that taste like pickles, the tofu that tastes like shrimp, and some of the pickled kim chee'd cucumbers, radishes, and tinly sliced green onions. Also, the black shit that looks like mud is actually seaweed and its super salty yummy if you put a little of it here and there. Now, when you first get there you're going to get some fresh sliced garlic and some brown goo that goes with it.. you want to dip your beef in the brown goo before you grill, and grill the garlic. The beef is just amazing. I mean, I'm not a huge meat eater but I love me some Filet and this rivals Filet. It's like buttery tender and you can cook it as rare as you want (at your own risk, of course.) We don't know if this is the right thing to do, but we were making little tiny lettuce wraps with the beef, rice and brown goo, and would sometimes add some of the other little dishes. You also get some miso-ish soup with peppers and tofu in there. It's definitely an adventure. We were pretty stuffed and with two orders of meat plus a big Korean beer and 2 diet cokes, the total was $50. If you're into random adventures, I can't really speak for the authenticity of this place, but it sure was fun and delicious. Get out there and try new things, Whities!!!
