I went here on a Saturday to celebrate my BF's birthday after he mentioned he wanted steak. My colleague referred me here b/c I wanted to go somewhere that had a great aesthetic, great food and was entertaining. It delivered on at about 1.9 of my desires.  Let's go down the list to explain what I mean: Aesthetic: We arrived at the restaurant at around the start of dinner so hardly anyone was there and I was a bit disappointed at first glance. It was an elegant place, yet was darker than I wanted for that evening. My BF and I could barely see the menu! We were seated in the lounge area and was excited about that, but it was distracting to have sports playing in the background; It interrupts an elegant dining experience. The vibe improved as the evening went on and more people started showing up. The increased energy level of a full restaurant made the experience a thousand times better. Also our server was attentive and very pleasant and didn't pressure us to leave when we stopped ordering drinks. Entertainment: The piano bar is the highlight of this restaurant! When the singing started we were just about to leave, but then decided to stay since we enjoyed some of the tunes the male and female singer belted out. However, I must comment that a Stevie Wonder song was not the best choice for the male singer that evening! lol Last, but not least, the food.. What we ordered was just OK. My BF and I shared a 33oz 'center cut" steak which didn't blow us away (kudos for cutting it down the middle for us). It lacked the flavor we thought it would have based on the way it looked. We also ordered lobster mashed potatoes, which I thought were terrible!! My BF enjoyed it, but I had to force myself to eat it. It had a weird taste that I couldn't put my finger on and just relegated to eating just the lobster out of it. The garlic spinach was decent, but also lacked flavor and the drinks were underwhelming (but could have been what we ordered.)  I don't want to sound like I hated the place, I just think we ordered the wrong things and will definitely go back to try something else and give it another shot!
