Ok, so I am going to state up front that I am a hot dog fan. I have a tough time passing up any hot dog joint. So i was somewhat looking forward to a trip my fianc planned to Chicago. I've never been, but a trip from Los Gatos to Chicago for the Labor Day weekend brought to mind visions of deep dish pizza and...epic hot dogs. So I'm not going to pretend I have never heard of this place, although the guys in front of us in line were there randomly without a clue on the place. I have seen the Travel Channel shows and Food Channel expos and read the guide books. We encountered our first problem when my fianc let me know that Hot Doug's is closed on Sundays, also closed for Labor Day Monday, the following Tuesday and Wednesday. Oh, and they close at 4:00 PM. My problem...we landed at 1:45 PM on Saturday and left on Tuesday night. That meant we had a 2 hour window to hit Hot Doug's. Problem solved by taking a taxi directly from the airport to the restaurant. Do not pass go, do not go to hotel. Baggage and all. When we got here I knew we would be expecting a wait. A friend had prepared me for a 2 hour line. Got lucky. We arrived at 2:00 PM and we only had a 1 hour line on a Saturday. Felt great with that. DO NOT think it is going to be a quick trip. You will wait. Finally got in at 3:00 and already had my order planned out. First and foremost was the Foie Gras Dog. I thought I may have over-hyped the idea of this hot dog beyond it's ability to deliver. SO WRONG! Foie Gras and Sauternes Duck Sausage with Truffle Aioli, Foie Gras Mousse and Fleur de Sel. I should have ordered 3. The $10 price is WAY worth it. Next dog I went with was Ribeye Steak Sausage with Horseradish Cream Sauce, Caramelized Onions and Carrigaline Smoked Farmhouse Cheese. I had high hope for this. $8 per dog and sounds amazing. Anything with caramelized onions gets my buy. Wasn't quite as flavorful as the Foie Dog, but I feel like I should have eaten it first to avoid comparison. It was still delicious. Don't take this paragraph as a negative. Also got a "The Dog". "Chicago-Style Hot Dog with all the trimmings: 'nuff said". At $2.00 it's one of the best buys on the menu. I was looking forward to this one almost as much as the Foie Dog. If you're going to go to Chicago, you'd better get a Chicago style dog. All the fixings...no exceptions. It was delicious. I mean good. They give you the option of a grilled or steamed bun. I went steamed. Can't argue for the grilled, but I like the "squishy" bun. Never had the neon green relish before...need to find a place to buy it in CA. Now to the fianc's order. Her first choice was a bison special. Wild Rice and Asiago Cheese Bison Sausage with Bacon-Garlic Mayonnaise and Mustard Seed Gouda Cheese. Very cheesy and over the top flavor. Amazing dog. $8.00 Then she got a little old school and went with a Corn Dog. It's a dog deep fried in batter. If you don't like that...there's no hope for you. Also, it's $1.50. Win, win. Last but certainly not least. Not even second...the Duck Fat Fries. They are unreal. Rich and flavorful. Anything deep fried in duck fat should be as good as these. $3.50. Huge basket, but only Friday and Saturday. Ok, this is the longest review I've ever written, but I felt each item needed a touch so you know that you HAVE to hit this place. No question, if you are in Chicago, this should be the first place you send your taxi. Do not pass go, do not go to hotel!
