Now here's a taste of a Chicago hole-in-the-wall that can't be beat simply because there's only one of it's kind. Irazu (accent on the zu) should not be mistaken for a Mexican restaurant. As mentioned in prior reviews, it does have a hispanic background, but it is NOT Mexican...it is Costa Rican, and thus the foods of Costa Rica are very different from that of Mexico. Hence, the lack of spice. Costa Rican food is not about spice, it is about basic, simple good food. It's the kind of food that mothers make for their families, relatives and friends.  Irazu is owned and run by Miriam and Gerardo Cerdas with the assistance of their children, Henry and Donna. While most of the staff is family, the others may just as well be family because of the length of time they've been with the Cerdas family. Gerardo shops, Miriam cooks and supervises in the kitchen, and Henry and Donna do everything they can to help make things run smooth. Upon entering the restaurant, it would be easy to mistake this awesome restaurant for another burrito joint, and while they have it on their menu, a burrito joint it is not. In the back is the actual sitting area and it is very small, but it is clean, quaint and simple. The sitting area can accommodate at most approximately 30 people. And since they don't take reservations, waiting is almost a sure thing, even up until 15 minutes to closing time. But don't let that discourage you or you will miss out on some of the best ethnic food in Chicago. Enough about the restaurant, let's talk about the food. As I mentioned before, Miriam is the cook and she cooks like there's no tomorrow. It's home cooking like you've never had. The Hub and I ordered the ceviche, and while we ordered it spicy, it wasn't, but that did not deter from the flavorful goodness of this ceviche. It was light, it was fresh, it was delish!! Both of us ordered the signature meal, the Casado, a traditional Costa Rican dish. The meal comes with either thin rib eye steak or chicken breast and caramelized with onions. It can be served with white rice, black beans or the gallo pinto ( a staple of Costa Rican food which is a mixture of beans and rice and is truly tasty) with an over easy egg, sweet plantains and a salad. Both were fantastic. The steak was so tender and flavorful, and the chicken was juicy and just as tasty. The plantains are sweet, but not over-sweet. A must try is the oatmeal shake. There is nothing like it. It is really delicious. I know, oatmeal isn't really a fundamental for shakes, but they've managed to create a really original flavor that works. They have other unique flavors, some of which are not native to the US (guanabana, mamey and pinolillo) and I can't wait to try them. For the cost of the meal, there was so much food. I wanted to finish my plate, but I just couldn't find the room. I was excited, though, at the thought of having it again the next day. I would just fry another egg and add it to my leftovers!! We were full, but we had to order the flan. And what can I say...it was superb. Just the right texture and flavor of custard to caramel. All in all, really a great meal. Now, I have to tell you, we got to the restaurant at 8:45 p.m. and they close at 9 p.m. We didn't get seated until a little after 9 p.m. because there were 3 couples before us. We didn't have an issue with the timing of the food. It came at the right time, but then again, we ordered while we were waiting. Our appetizer arrived as we were seated, and our food came shortly after we completed our appetizer, piping hot. While we had no issues with our meal or the service, we were told by Henry that he and Donna were the only waitstaff, and they were assisted by a busperson, thus the service may be a little slow. The kitchen is small and all the cooking is made to order, so the food comes out slow when it is really busy. While there are no immediate plans to expand, they do plan to work on their kitchen efficiency, but they ask that everyone try to be patient and understand that everything is cooked with the love and attention as every other meal that is served out of their kitchen. They only have one mom, and for her, everything has to be perfect before it's served to the customer. It's the quality of the food that counts at this place. The hours are limited (M-Sat, 11 a.m. - 9 p.m., closed Sundays), the wait may be long, and they only take cash. But believe me when I say the food is definitely worth it. I would say an average meal is about $15/person. Oh, and there is no alcohol, but it is BYOB. I would suggest a bold red for the wine drinkers. And I wouldn't recommend a big group for this restaurant, especially since they don't take reservations. They're also open for lunch, and if you are in a hurry, they recommend you call ahead. As Miriam says, her food isn't fast food, so give the kitchen a break. Kick back and relax...the wait will be worth it.
