I've been here a bazillion times. I've had brunch, I've had their lunch, I've even tried their main courses. I've had all their regular beers, and a good smattering of their small run/seasonal/special brews. This place is awesome. Really. Best overall brewpub I've been to in Chicago. Food.... The Bacon Fat Popcorn is pretty much the greatest thing on earth. No, I'm not kidding. A near perfect combination of bacon grease without being too much, popcorn, shaved (Parmesan?) cheese, bacon, and toasted oregano or some other leaf. Amazing. Burgers...The Workingman can go toe to toe with any other top end burger I've had in the city. A thick juicy patty, hunk of cheddar, generous slabs of bacon, and beer soaked onions? I mean, do I need to say more? The Hombre' and Forest burgers are also lovely, but for my money, the Workingman is where it's at. Entree...I have sampled the Flemish beef stew and the Iron Fist fish and chips. Both are outstanding. The stew was lovely, the meat came apart with a spoon. Pizza...I've had several, I don't remember which ones specifically, but they were all great. Cooked well, chewy but not too chewy crust, but crispy at the edges. Done right. Brunch...The egg in a hole is awesome. These guys should guard their hollandaise recipe like a mama grizzly watches her kids. Their breakfast pizza is outstanding as well, that's my go to favorite. Get the bacon, you won't regret it. Beer... I've had all their regular brews. The Iron Fist, Anti-Hero, and Cross of Gold are my favorites. Their Eugene porter is a great one as far as porters go. I must say, I think Piece edges out Rev for overall beer quality, but Rev has also been open for a year or so. Piece has years on them, and in the past year, there has been a marked improvement in subtle flavor in every brew I've had. It's only going to get better. Who would I be if I didn't respond to other comments... The prices are fair. I don't know what people are talking about. There is no brewpub in the city that I've been to where you can routinely get their beers for dirt cheap. Perhaps Goose Island, but you'd be drinking Honkers or 312, and let's be honest... Their food prices, esp. burgers, are fair as well. Look around at other places with large, gourmet/top shelf burgers (Kuma's, Cortland's Garage, Twisted Spoke, Longman & Eagle, Owen & Engine, etc etc), you'll find prices that are quite comparable. Yes, it's loud in there. They have high ceilings, it's usually filled with people, and there isn't a lot of stuff in the place that absorbs sound. It's a brewpub. I don't know what people are expecting. Yes, it gets busy. Most places in Chicago that are "good" have this problem. Stand around, have a beer or three, your table will be ready soon enough. And yes, there was one time when my party was asked to leave. Why? We'd been there for 2.5 hours, there were five of us taking up a large table, our food was long done, and we were sitting around drinking. Brewpubs suffer from this problem; people show up, have a few beers, eat dinner, then have a few more. It can routinely take hours to get people out of a good brewpub. I completely understand why, and you should, too. I've also sat in this place for five hours before, when it was slower.
