A short walk from Michigan Avenue, XOCO was a wonderful casual dining treat during our recent weekend in Chicago. The most down-scale of the Rick Bayless restaurants, XOCO does not take reservations and involves standing in a long and slowly-moving line to order at a counter, then the food is prepared and delivered to your table.  When we entered, we were told 10-15 minutes, however we stood in line for almost 25 minutes. The wait was made more tolerable by access to free iced water and the manager bringing us beer (not free). The manager and staff here are no slackers ... although the wait was longer than expected, everybody was working their tails off and yet seemed to remain upbeat and friendly. There was a constant good-natured chatter going on behind the line. I was looking forward to trying the guac and chips, but was disappointed by the relative blandness of the guacamole. Thankfully, the side bowls of green tomatillo sauce and red salsa helped spice it up. I prefer my guac with more garlic and cilantro. The Oaxacan-style roasted peanuts with garlic, chili, salt and lime were highly-addictive and went very well with the beer while we waited on the tortas. The main offerings here are several types of tortas, wood-oven grilled sandwiches. I had the pepito which featured braised short ribs, caramelized onions, melted jack cheese, black beans and pickled jalapenos. I thought the bread was like a whole grain version of a po'boy bread, with a crunchy crust and a soft interior crumb that soaked up the juices from the meat. Served with a tangy tomatillo dipping sauce, this sandwich really hit the spot. Hubby ordered their Friday night special torta with smoky grilled shrimp and goat cheese ... he said the shrimp was perfectly cooked. My only regret is that we didn't save room for the Mexican Vanilla soft-serve ice cream served with a bacon/pecan/salted caramel sauce topping. If only our hotel room had a freezer, I would've brought an order back for later.  If XOCO is a Chicago version of Mexican street food, then I need to get to Mexico!
