Before I get into my review, let's tackle some of the issues other people have with this restaurant, which I feel are misdirected or ill informed, or just plain ignorant... - the smoke :  It's a Korean BBQ joint! There are many tables with people cooking over open flame. OF COURSE it's going to be smoky! Also, some things create more smoke than others (I'll get to it later). - the "standoffish" staff - They speak Korean. Yes, its hard to communicate sometimes, but they aren't being standoffish, they're trying to understand you. It's 100% possible to flag someone down to fill your water if you need, or bring drinks or order more food. I know, I've done it before!! - having to cook your own food : Once again, by definition, this is what you do at a place like San Soo Gab San! You receive a plate of raw meat and you grill it to your liking. Don't like it? Hit a spot where everything is made for you already. Or maybe you'd be more comfortable at a Benihana? - the small parking lot : Welcome to Chicago! Is there ANYWHERE that has a parking lot big enough to accommodate a popular restaurant? There's these amazing things called STREETS to park on and they're located all around the area.  There's also the Woodfield Mall which has a huge parking lot and I hear there's an Applebee's nearby! This is adventurous eating for some I guess, and I will admit that without some direction it's hard to navigate. But if adventurous cuisine isn't your thing why are you going in the first place? Some people... Anyway... now that I've got that out of the way on to the good stuff (and my criticisms).... I have been here several times and have tried the kalbi, bulgogi, prime rib, bacon, and baby octopus. I've also had some sushi that my friends had ordered off a different menu, which was decent.  In all they were excellent pieces of meat, marinated as expected for Korean BBQ. The two things I really didn't care for much were the bacon which produced way too much smoke, and the baby octopus which tended to get too charred too quickly. I experienced the same with bacon. Not to say they weren't good, but I'd stick to tried and true beef next time around. Before the meal even starts you're presented with dozens of small dishes, known as banchan. Some of them were unrecognizable, others were as simple as lettuce, dried fish, bean sprouts, or the Korean staple of kimchi. These are meant to be eaten along with your grilled meats. The thing I love most about these types of places is the super casual, social atmosphere, centered around the preparing and eating of the food. Everyone has a hand over the grill cooking their meats, drinking beers (drinking a 22 oz. OB is a must), or having shots of soju.  It can and will get loud, and smoky, and maybe even a little messy, so don't wear your Sunday (or Friday night) best.  If trying something new isn't on your top priority or you'd rather have some white-gloved server bringing you filet mignon on a silver platter, then stay away. For those of you who like experiencing something different in a setting somewhat authentic to its culture, this may be for you.
