We were visiting Chicago and wanted to try a Rick Bayless place but they were all booked so we figured, why not try another Top Chef and so we tried Dale Levitski's place instead and Wow, we were more than impressed! First off, the menu is interesting in that it's prix fix but there are many choices. Thankfully our waiter Christoper was really helpful in helping us pair our choices well with each other. The service was quite good in that respect. Secondly, Dale was wandering around most of the evening meeting customers and saying hello. They had just opened an expanded dining room so I'm not sure if he was out just for that, or that's the way he always is, but it was quite nice to get to say hi and wish him well. So, what did we eat? For apps we had the Cod ravioli and a really nice salad with pistachio that I can't remember the name of. Each was quite good. For our mains, I had the Short Rib which I liked a lot (especially this french fry looking thing that I later found out was made of truffles). Note that there were brussles sprouts (bleh) included that I'm not a fan of, but the dish was well constructed and tasty. My date had the vegetarian option which was a pasta and mushroom deal that she claimed to be the best thing she's eaten in quite some time and from my taste I have to somewhat agree. It was tasty. The deserts were very rich and powerfully flavored. She had the Lemon and I had the Corn. The lemon was super sour and if you're a lemon fan I'd recommend it. The corn was very interesting and tasty as well. Overall though I think that the desert chef overdid it a bit and the deserts didn't complement the dinner but they seemed to try to stand out way too much. As for cocktails, I had the Sprout Negroni which I found to be pretty awful but when I told Christopher, he brought me over a really perfect belgian beer to match up with my entree so I will not tool too much on the bar in this review. Overall, we had a really great time and loved our dinner. In fact, the next afternoon we actually kidded about taking a later flight home so we could go back and grab some more dinner...
