I have been to motels in small towns in India that offer more emenities. Seriously. This hotel was one of the worst I have stayed at in terms of convenience. Big giant old tv in the room. NO fridge. Tiny room for over $200/night. I was here for a corporate event, and even the customers who came to visit during the day were complaining about the confusing layout of the hotel. Its ornate and beautiful, but that's about it. There are two places to eat at the hotel, that's it. One is closed during the day. So, one place to eat. "Good luck getting breakfast" the lady at the front counter joked no too long ago. She was actually very nice, and it was kind of funny, but... I was hungry and it's raining outside :P So now I'm at the corner street bakery. Kind of a shame, because there is so much history behind the hotel. Made as a gift for Palmer's wife in September 1871 it burnt down 13 days later in the great Chicago fire. Only to be rebuilt in plush opulent style and setting by 1873. It was the world's first fireproof hotel. It also boatsted telephone and electricity in every room, and something called an 'elevator'. They promoted it by saying it's a train between floors connected by pulley & rope. Palmer took out a $1.7 M loan, at the time to rebuild it, the largest loan for somethig like this. (I think that number is correct). In 1925 it was rebuilt again, this time going from 7 stories to 25 stories. At the time, the largest hotel in the world. In 1943 Conrad Hilton bought it for $20 million. And so, began it slow descent to wired wifi and big booty television sets. The Internet- you have to be plugged in to your room for the wifi to work!!! THAT'S NOT WIFI!!!! Or, you can get "wifi" in the hotel lobby, for $8/Hr. $20/night to be plugged in. And the cable is so short you kind of have to sit at the uncomfy desk, no laying in bed surfing the web action. I asked if I can check out an hour later. There is no one after me staying in the room, but, apparently it is hotel policy to Charge $50 if you check out at 1pm. This place is a joke. DO NOT STAY HERE. Instead, check out an air bnb, that's what I'm doing for the rest of my trip here :) Oh, also... This place is haunted... Heard multiple people say they heard whispers ;) PS: Paris Hilton sucks too. There.
