This is one of those reviews that really deserves 3.5 stars. My husband and I finally had a good reason to try some very fine dining in Chicago - our 5th wedding anniversary. We dressed up all fancy and took a cab downtown like real adults. It was nice to have an occasion to dress up for.  We ordered the 6 course Grand Collection and a bottle of Moscato since we were celebrating but don't really care for Champagne. I didn't take pictures of every course, but I still remember most of them, so here it goes: White sturgeon "caviar": very pretty and cool in concept. in reality, too salty. Also, we only got 3 tiny crackers with it.  Say what? Not enough crackers with a course of any kind, at any restaurant is a major pet peeve of mine. I'd give this one an A-. one the most memorable courses. Amuse bouche: not a course exactly, but it was still served. Twas disgusting. Really. We both had to consume an entire glass of wine to get the icky taste out of our mouths. F- English Pea Soup: Yummy! I liked the peas. It was very beautiful, looked like a spring wreath at the bottom of the bowl. It had these micro croutons were really good and we could have used a few more. It was missing something, flavor-wise. B+ fava bean cappeletti: I don't care for ham but it was very delicate, pretty and tasty, but not very memorable or super interesting. B+ alaskan halibut: Fish was delicious and cooked perfectly. The mushrooms were also very yummy. But again, not mind blowing or anything. B+ Jidori Chicken: What can I say? It's chicken. It wasn't special chicken. The plating was fun and cool. The fiddlehead ferns were my favorite part of the dish. B At some point we also received a fun grass + ultra tiny clothes pins + dried fruit paper hanging like laundry. Tasty and very cute. Solid A for the expensive fruit roll up. Dessert was campfire s'mores and a chocolate with red pear sorbet. Both were quite tasty. We also received a special happy anniversary plate with mini-cake. The cake was dry. A- They brought around a dessert cart, which was has probably 1 dozen different chocolates and candies. The server explains what they all are and then says "would you care for any of these desserts (or something like that), it's our compliment".  I wasn't sure if I should say "sure, i'll take all of them" or what. So I instead I was like "ok, I'll take one of those *points*". And she says "would care for another?" and i say "ok, I'll take one of those *points*". And so on, until we had all but 2 of every confectionary from the cart.  Awkward. Finally they bring us two chocolates, laden with gold. They are pretty. And filled with cinnamon liquid. Delicious! I can only compare my experience at Tru to one other restaurant - Europea in Montreal. I am sorry to say Europea kind of kicked Tru's ass. We had many more courses at Europea, they were all really interesting AND delicious, and the service wasn't nearly as fussy.  I would still recommend Tru for a very special occasion because it was a fun experience, but it just wasn't what you might expect for the money. If you are counting on your money going a long way, you might want to consider going elsewhere.
