Let me caveat my review by saying over the past 5 years barely a week or two goes by without me frequenting this place. This place is on rotation for anyone visiting. Many a guest has fallen in love with the food here. I adore the crepes and literally feel a withdrawl when separated for any length..... until now.  The servers were always warm, friendly and served you in an unrushed manner. Whether ordering sweet or savory, straight off the menu or create your own, this place was always on the mark. The last couple of times I've been in, the service has been mediocre (read: random chicken pieces served in a vegetarian crepe, waiting over 45 minutes to get served, water going empty and staying empty). Recently, the servers are careful to start the conversation with 'we can only accept cash right now as our credit card machine isn't working.' I'm not quite sure how long it takes to fix this, but apparently months. Thankfully they know all the closest ATMs so usually this isn't much of a hassle if you're low on cash. My last (literally last) time going to this establishment, they must have changed the menu. Unfortunately for us, we didn't order off the menu as we know (knew) it by heart and happily took our take out home, none the wiser. When we arrived home, we were shocked and disappointed to find a small burrito shaped crepe and 2 thin apple slices each. Shocked we called Icosium to say we think there has been a mistake. I was then told that I must not have ever been to the restaurant before as that is the way crepes are traditionally served. When I pointed out I was actually a regular, they retracted and said their menu had changed last week. Out of courtesy this may have been helpful information. Disappointed, but starved we decided to eat the 'appetizers' anywho. This is when we discovered, that the avocado and dressing were also curiously missing from our orders. The air-roll crepes/baby burritos were a sum total of 6 pieces of baby spinach, a slither of carmelized onion, two julienned roma tomato pieces and a slice of brie. I called back dismayed about the missing items, to which I was told the chef says there was avocado put into the crepe, you're wrong. To which I offered to bring the pathetic thing back and was informed they do not give cash refunds. ?!? Enjoy the 20% tip on take-out, you've lost a customer.
