I will never go back. Bad service and overpriced food. Shame cause it's got so much potential. I've been to Sapori a handful of times. It's in our neighborhood, it's decent, the interior is cozy, and they send you $14 off when u spend $50 coupons, so there's an extra incentive. However, i've always found the food to be way too expensive for what it is... Penne dish + some cheese and tomatoes for $20? C'mahn. Get serious. Lasagnas and raviolis are pretty solid though and worth the price. But with that said, my roommate and I went last night and the service / entire experience was so absurd that I will never set foot in that joint again. First of all, it was a Wednesday night people. Probably 30% of the tables were sat, and after we waited at the front for about 5 minutes to even be greeted, we had to wait another 15 to be seated while employees continued walking by us without acknowledging us or communicating at all. Huh? And of all the open tables in the place, when they finally showed us to our table, they seated us next to the bathroom with a sweet view of the kitchen. Ambiance crushed. It was probably another 10-12 minutes until we saw a server who was cordial at first but still pretty frosty and pretty rushed. She did bring out our wine asap, which I appreciated. I had the grilled calamari (good but too much sauce/balsamic) and a Caesar salad (way way sub par), and my roommate had the lasagna, which was really good... And the coconut sorbet for dessert which was delightful. However, our server got more and more salty (rude) as the meal went on, which I couldn't understand. Dirty looks, scoffing when we only ordered one dessert to split, acting rushed and stressed whenever she was at our table, etc. So uncalled for. I worked in F&B for years and there's never any reason to act like that. She looked even more annoyed when she saw the $14 off coupon on our table and just walked over and snatched it off the table and ran it back to the register to tally our tab. When she brought the bill back, she said nothing - not thank you, not "have a good night" - not a peep. Just sat it down and walked away.  Dear Sapori: there are a jillion and twelve restaurants in Chicago. Try to remember when people come to yours that of all those places, they chose you, and try to treat them with respect and warmth accordingly. You are decent but you're not THAT great; you're not Spiaggia and you're not Pane Caldo, and you're sure as sh*t not good enough to act like that or allow people to have experiences like that and ever expect them to come back. For the folks who do come back, easy on the 'tude and snobbery towards them next time.
