My 100th review on yelp!!! Came here on a Monday night and the place was pretty crowded. We made reservations and our table was ready to go when we all arrived. Inside the place, the atmosphere is trendy and modern. I believe that the decor is even flown in from Thailand! It's a cute little spot for a date night. The food on the menu is also comparable to other Thai restaurants in the area. Our waitress, Anitra, was awesome. Having to wait on tables in the whole Restaurant seems like it would be a handful, but she did it flawlessly. Also, like I've mentioned before in reviews, it's my biggest pet peeve to not have my water glass filled when it's empty. We had a small pitcher of water to share at the table and once that was empty, it was refilled. I actually don't mind having a pitcher at the table, only because I would prefer to refill my own water than sit at the table with an empty glass and thirsty. Things I would recommend from the menu: 1. Satay- Chicken is marinated perfectly with grilled to perfection. (Not dry and tough, but very moist) 2. Crab Rangoon- This is probably one of my most favorite dishes. A lot of other places that I've been to tend to skimp out on the cream cheese... but not at Opart. There is just the right amount of cream cheese and the won ton wrapper is fried to give the right amount of crispiness. 3. Moo Ping- This dish is not offered at a lot of Thai places. If you want to try something different, definitely order this.. and don't forget to order a side of sticky rice. 4. If you're into beef dishes, try the Tiger Cry and ask for it spicy. The beef is tender and juicy with lots of spices. 5. Poh Tak (Seafood)- Similar to the Tom Yum, but it has a lot of seafood in it. It is served in a traditional Thai pot (the ones you would get if you ordered this dish in Thailand) 6. If you like squid, try the tum pla muk- Squid salad. You can also ask them to make it to your liking. For example, if you want it to be more salty and spicy, just say so! 7. I love seafood, so I would for the entree, if you're craving noodles, try the Lard Nar Seafood. Just the the Lard Nar offered at other places, but this one is a seafood combo! I could go on and on about things to order at this place, but my review would never end. To summarize, you can't go wrong with anything that you order on the menu. Awesome food at an affordable price with a great atmosphere and service. A hidden gem that's been around for at least 25 years.
