Rating here based on bar value since I have yet to try their food, but the beer is so damn good I never get to eating! If you want to go to a bar that is my verison of six degrees of separation you have to go here. ::Tangent warning:: I moved to Chicago from Detroit over a year ago and when I did my old neighbor told me that he would call his friend who owned this bar (The Hopleaf) and that they could help us to blend with the Chicago environment and maybe treat us to a few pilsners.  After I moved here my two friends who lived in the South loop heard about me moving to a place just off Foster and they were like, "Oh there is a great bar out there you have to go to, The Hopleaf" My buddy from Grand Rapids comes into Chicago for a business trip and comes to visit on night and is like "Hey I know this great place we have to go to, The Hopleaf." Lastly, an old friend from MI had come over to visit with her dad and her pops was going to hang out with his old high school friends while she stayed with I. Her dad's old friend - The owner of the Hopleaf!!!! I swear I am going to call this place Kevin Bacon pretty soon. The beer selection here is the best in the city. Don't go expecting to get anything you have ever heard of, unless you often drink Chimay, Victory or Mead. Every beer on tap is a new taste for your palate and they have like fifty beers on tap it seems. In addition they have many more in the coolers. You could literally go here every weekend for a whole year and not get the same beer twice. The food, I have heard, is good yet being I am a vegetarian I don't think I will try their rabbit or duck dishes any time soon, though if you dig on these I bet they taste great. They do have vegetarian dishes, but honestly I go here to drink, not eat. The only down side would be that it tends to get very crowded, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. This is probably the most known establishment in Andersonville and deservedly so. Now if I get one more line of connection between this place.... I say go here - now.
