I've only recently went for breakfast at Mercat on a weekday morning, but I've also had dinner here numerous times since it opened. So this write up will be for both. Ok so breakfast first. There were only 3 tables in the entire place, including us. Mornings are definitely a very different vibe here. The whole place is very quiet, and really gives you a chance to soak in the gorgeous room, and the gorgeous view outside. We had the Two Eggs scrambled, with rosemary-apple sausage, and the Eggs Benedict. The eggs were light and fluffy. The sausages were 2 glistening vermillion patties. I almost thought it was chorizo. Very flavorful but mild (although I was expecting spicy seeing the way it looks). The Eggs Benedict (eggs, chorizo, toasted brioche, truffled hollandaise) was one of the most decadent Benedicts I've ever tasted. The hollandaise was such a concentrated blend of yolk and dairy, and hints of truffle kept lingering. Both dishes came with a breakfast potato that was very creative. It was basically a shredded potato cake. Think latkes or hash brown, but in cake form. Bits of rosemary assault the taste buds. My only one grip is with coffee (which was called Royal Cup). It was pretty bland and boring. Give me Intelligentsia or Metropolis. At dinner time, Mercat takes on a very sexy and fun vibe. If you enter from the street, you will probably hang out at the tiny lounge downstairs first. Excellent cocktails, try the seasonal sangria if you are so inclined. When your table is ready, walk up the spiral staircase to the wonderful dining room. High, high ceiling; mirrored and stenciled walls; the semi circular set up reminds one of a supper club; and then, the large windows looking outside to great views of Grant Park. They have various tapas size dishes, as well as larger plates. Some all-time favorites include: Pimientos de padron, flash fried peppers in a Catalan sauce. Reminds me of Japanese shishito peppers. Croquetas de bacalao, pillowy soft salt cod fritters in a piquant sauce. Datiles con almendras. At this point for me, nobody can beat the dates at Avec. These ones at Mercat is a close second. The cabrales sauce drizzled on top is very creative. Pulpo con patatas. Nothing like the garden variety octopus dish you get at any other Spanish restaurant. Tender confit of octopus and potato. Paella Negra. A little (teeny tiny) skillet of squid ink tinted rice, with all the goodness from the sea. The cauliflower gratin. Thin shaved slices of cauliflower, crunchy almonds, in a sea of cream and truffles. Cocas, or flatbreads, are another signature dish. A relatively small platform housing rich and decadent flavors. My favorites are the short ribs, and the clam and bacon. The Ala Planxa items are always good. Simple, well seasoned, tasty. A few standouts are the chipirones (baby calamari), barramundi, hamachi, and lamb chops. Service is ok. Not too cheerfully annoying, although it could border on perfunctory at times, especially when they are packed.  Why 4 stars? Mercat is definitely a night-out place. Sexy vibe, gorgeous room, fun atmosphere, beautiful clientele. I think many people have the misconception that this is a tapas restaurant, therefore comparing Mercat to Caf Iberico or Meson Sabika. Wrong, people. Apples and oranges. For me, Mercat is a modern Spanish restaurant serving creative Catalan food. Yes, the portions could be small, and prices are high for the portion size. But factor in the creative tasty food and great ambience, you will have a fun evening.
