Did I miss something? 3 stars doesn't seem quite fitting so I would venture to say that this place was more like 3.5 stars (3.75 if I want to get picky). The ambiance is wonderful. I love the high ceilings and the light bulb light fixtures. The hostesses were friendly. Not even remotely pretentious as they tend to be along Michigan Ave. Their specialty drinks are delicious. For someone like me who likes a nice girly drink, my Merengue hit the spot. I tried their red sangria as well. Its good. But nothing special. On to the food... For starters, this is not your traditional tapas place. I think that's what I just didn't like about it. Mentally, I set myself up for just tapas. However, when the friendly waiter came over and started explaining the menu, he threw me a curve ball when he said, "generally people order 2-4 plates to share and then an entree." I asked him, "so you're saying that everything BUT the entree is tapas style?" He said yes. So what's the point. Don't call it tapas. Call it an appetizer. We came for tapas, so we ordered like it was all tapas. For our first course, we had: -Garrotxa: yummy goats milk cheese with roasted garlic-dulce de leche. DLISH!!! The garlic-dulche de leche is so wonderful. -Da'tlies: bacon wrapped dates stuffed with almonds. WARNING...if there are more than 2 of you at the table, get two orders of these. Trust me. You only get 4 dates per order. -Gambas al Ajillo: garlic shrimp. Really good. The garlic was not over-powering at all. Second course, we had: -Arroz con Morels: morel mushroom bomba rice with asparagus. Wonderful. Would have been "unbelievable" if it came out hot (temperature wise). -Butifarra con Judias: pork & apple sausage. Ok this is actually an "entree". However, when we got the plate with 3 little jimmy dean looking sausages, I was severely disappointed. It tasted great, don't get me wrong. But I would have been quite angry if I ordered this as an actual entree. -Patatas Bravas: Spicy potatoes with spicy paprika aioli. Terrible. Just terrible. The seasoning was just too much. I couldn't even tell that it was a potato. I may have just ordered the wrong food that night. I didn't read Dennis S.' review until afterwards. His selections looked much better. So alas, we will try it again and next time not be disappointed by the no-so-tapas menu.
