Having spent a majority of my life in southern California, I tend to be an ardent critic of any attempt at mexican food, street vendor or otherwise, and I brought the same unsettled contempt to the Bayless restaurant. Mexican food can only be successfully devised in states bordering our friends to the south, right? Bayless is... good, too good. He has been able to effectively differentiate three adjacent mexican venues via unique layout, menu offering, and service / pricing. Xoco is the lower end of Rick's portfolio, however by virtue of the food quality and preparation, would be toward the higher end under any other chef. The food is decidedly more mainland Mexico and could even be argued as more central american, however I found this departure from the norm refreshing. The ahogada was ridiculous, the best torta I have experienced and surely at the price levied for the treat. On my second occasion I ordered a torta and splurged for the spicy salsa (forgot the name). Big mistake, the cursory warnings are not overselling themselves. Profuse sweating and abated inner cursing ensued while I attempted to temper the delectable taste against the culminating inferno brewing in my mouth. Notwithstanding my inability to put faith in restaurant warnings, the relatively limited menu has allowed Bayless to focus on a select array of items that are exceptionally good, fresh, and well prepared. The beer selection was also refreshing, with local microbrew and a few stalwart mexican brands at hand. The venue is cramped, but I suppose that is part of the deal. Both times my party shared a table with another group, which was fine with the exception of the aforementioned salsa incident which undoubtedly manifested in a slightly uncomfortable experience for our unknown table guests. The spot is popular, so it is advised to either a.) show up off hours, or b.) show up at peak hours and partake in a few preemptive pints while waiting in line. My one complaint is the chips, they are underwhelming in comparison to the guacamole, salsa, and most everything else on the menu. Bottom line- its not over hyped, its just that good (save the chips)
