Best steakhouse ever and I heart my steaks. I am a big fan of a steak that comes off a plate sizzling in buttery-juicy-goodness. My server did an excellent job warning me not touch the plate (because I REALLY wanted to jump right in!). Service was top-notch as well, our server had great explanations about everything. Yes it is slightly pricey at the end of the night, but not really considering the quality and service you get. Now for the juicy details: We came here to celebrate my roommate's baller promotion. This is where the fun began. Each time you make a reservation at Ruth's Chris they're interested in asking you for details of why you're going there (according to my roommate Adam). If it's your b-day they'll hook you up, if it's a celebration they'll congratulate you, etc. They really care about giving top-notch service. Our server Cody explained to me the difference between my Rib Eye and the Texas Rib Eye. He said, same meat but some people like a giant bone (which you pay $15 extra for). He didn't try to sucker me or rip me off by getting me to get the more expensive one. He knew I didn't want to pay $15 to suck on a piece of bone. Cody also didn't rush us and stood at a good distance from the table and we just needed to make eye-contact for him to come. THIS IS FABULOUS! I HATE BEING RUSHED AT RESTAURANTS. It's nice that they let you take your time to go through their extensive menu to order what you really want. As for what we really wanted, we got 1 fillet and 2 rib-eyes with 3 amazing sides. The grilled portobello mushrooms were the best I've ever had. Next time I'm getting the whole appetizer just for myself. It was heaven-in-my-mouth and the best damn vegi I've ever had. The potatoes au gratin were WOW. Best potatoes ever as well. The asparagus with hollandaise sauce was delicious as well.  My rib-eye was cooked perfectly and here is the biggest compliment I can give to any place ever. This is the first time I was the last to finish my meat. Usually I'm a fast eater but I actually cut little pieces off, chewed and savored every single delicious morsel. My roommates were surprised too that not only did I not finish first, but I finished last. It was THAT good. Anyways to sum up my experience into a few simple lines. Me and my roommates agreed to accomplish more in life so we can celebrate at Ruth's Chris every time. We all agreed that the meal was better-than-sex and we definitely love our sexin' There was nothing I'd change about my experience, I don't think they could top it in heaven. I just hope that in 2008 when Chicago enforces the no-smoking rule, that Ruth's Chris adheres to it as well. That's the only thing that would've made it better, having no smoke in the air at all. However, I was so enraptured with my food that I didn't really notice the smoke to be honest.
