Ok, but nothing to write home about... If you're a tourist or a someone on a first date, maybe. Otherwise, stir clear. To start, yes, the patio is really as cute as everyone says. Lovely landscaping. However, having been to much better al fresco spaces like Miami's Wish, or Isla Verde's Water Club, etc, etc... big whoop. Went 5th of July btw, mid-evening, reservation made.  Entry/Valet - quick and easy. However, the hostess puts us in the *only* sunny spot on the patio, conveniently located next to the busing station. Now, it's 6 pm, the sun is beaming and it's a comforting 89 degrees with 100% humidity. We said ok to the patio *after* the hostess told us she'll make sure we'll get shade, so I still don't know what gives. After asked to be reseated, she proceeds to move us to shadier spot next to yet - suprise! - another bus station... the former and the latter tables being the smallest in the whole place,  Now, again - it's 6 PM and the place is more than half empty. So... I know we're both on the smaller side but seriously, do you *only* reserve better places for fat people? We're always well and appropriately dressed; have all of our teeth and don't have a screaming kid with us, so we're sort of used to getting nicer tables *shrug*. Especially when 70% of tables are available.       So, space. Space is my biggest gripe about the seating - patio is jam-packed with tables, some literally 4 inches apart. So not only you are treated to a high-pitched babble about some buzzed Trixie's first date (omg... really? shut up! no way!), but you also have a pleasure of feeling some patron's cough into your neck. Also, the older Italian folks (imaging Jersey Shores people in 30 yrs or so) can give you a bit of a sneer as you squeeze by to walk across to the restroom... so.... learn to fly before you visit *eyeroll*.  The service - bus and waiter service friendly and responsive, no problem there. Very pleased. No grated parmesan offered with pasta - odd, but no big deal. The food - average and un-imaginative. Poor value as well. The grilled seafood medley we had as a starter was nice, but nothing special. It was however fresh.  The entrees. Braised short ribs - dismal amount of really, really fatty pork ribs drenched in olive oil, swimming atop of cream of wheat and a few leaves of spinach.... Meh. Fatty and boring. Not worth $25 by any means.   Fruiti di mare was good, but again, rather on the bland side. Can't describe the sauce. It had an odd carrot-ey aftertaste. The best thing about it was homemade noodles - that really was good. Could have been better *with* parmesan, but.... See above. Desert - hazelnut cake and gelato were lovely, favorite part. Could have been just a small bit bigger. Normally, the $8-10 desert is share-able, even at *nicer* places which Piccolo definitely strives to be. House chianti was also surprisingly good. Will not return. Many better Italian restaurants around; Campagnola or Caf Lucci, off top of my head. I like my Italian like any other meal; unpretentious, flavorful and with some elbow room.
