My sister and I took our father here for his birthday since he's a fan of Top Chef and Rick Bayless was the first Top Chef Masters winner. Rick's Hype didn't disappoint. I had the Pepito while my sister and dad split a Ahodaga and a bowl of Wood-Roasted Chicken Pozole. We all agreed that the Ahodaga was the best dish of the night, but that they were all amazing dishes. In response to Meghan B.'s review which in which she said quote; "My only complaint is that we were given our churros & hot chocolate right away, so by the time we wanted to eat them (after our meal, as a dessert) they were both cold. Not sure how they could improve on their system to accommodate those who want to eat their churros and hot chocolate AFTER the meal, but alas..." We (my family) were slightly confused in ordering the hot chocolate and desserts and when they would be served. We asked the staff and they said that if we ordered them with the rest of the meal they would arrived with or before the meal. However, we were told that if after ordering our meal we wanted to order anything else we could simply walk up to the Take-out line (which never had a line backing up at the register) and order anything we wanted and have it brought out then. So if you want anything after the meal you can just purchase it after and go back to your table. We ended up getting an Aztec (fresh-ground chocolate + water + chile + allspice), a Barcelona (thick, rich) and a fruit tart for dessert. All of the desserts were amazing. I preferred the Aztec for the flavor of the allspice and the after taste of the chile. The fruit tart was a nice light dessert which had a really great pastry crust. The atmosphere of XOCO is a nice relaxed little place, which is impressive considering how packed it was. The fact that it's "green" adds to the charm. Things I think people should keep in mind before going to XOCO and before giving it a lower rating: -You will have to wait in a line and it may be long. So be prepared for this (XOCO is popular don't rate it down because you can't stand to wait) -There are limited seats and tables so you may be asked to join another party at a table. We did and it ended in a nice little chat about the food. However, if you're not comfortable with this be willing to wait for a smaller table. -If your party is very large don't expect to be able to sit with everyone. See the note above. -Don't expect Rick Bayless to be cooking your food, he's more likely to be at Frontera Grill or Topolobampo. But it is a fun treat if you catch him checking in with the kitchen staff.
