Read the whole review to get the full story. The evening started off bad but the manager was awesome and he did help me feel better (saving this from a one star review I might add). I was heading to the Empty Bottle to see a concert and I was hungry so figured I'd try the Lockdown for a bit to eat before the concert. I got there and the manager was very helpful and got me a seat at the bar right away. I sat down and then things started to go down hill pretty quickly. There was one bartender working that night and while the bar was busy, it wasn't hugely so. I've been to busy bars where the bartender barely had time to look around the bar, that wasn't the case here. After I sat down it took some effort to get the bartender's attention to get a menu and a beer.  I found a burger that looked good (their burger menu is ridiculous btw), and then put forth more effort to get the attention of the bartender to place my order. At this point I'm sitting there, drinking my beer, and texting with my girlfriend. This would later prove invaluable because I could see how long I had been waiting. A half hour passes and I'm starting to wonder what's going on so I ask the bartender. She explains that they are backed up in the kitchen but doesn't go and check on it. Might have been nice to explain that they were backed up when I ordered, but okay fine.  To make matters worse, as I'm waiting on my burger, a couple comes in, sits down, and orders wings. The wings show up within 10 minutes. Now I grant, a burger is a little more work to prepare than wings, but still, it became obvious quickly that I got lost in the shuffle.  So another 10 minutes passes and nothing. At this point I get the bartender's attention again and ask her to go check on it. She comes back to tell me that it's coming soon. At this point the manager comes out and apologizes for the delay and offers to cover the meal on them. We chat a little bit and for all that I was cranky, he really did a good job of smoothing things over.  So my burger arrives about 50 minutes after I ordered it. It's pretty obvious that they lost the order and that it was only after I prompted the bartender to go and actually check on it that they discovered the error. It takes about 10 minutes to cook a burger and it was steaming hot when it got to me, so it's clear they didn't start making it until her last visit to check on it. The burger was awesome, when it finally got to me. Nicely cooked on a pretzel roll. Very delicious and comparable to some of the better burgers I've had in town (MK, Kuma's, etc). So there's definitely no faulting the food here. So in conclusion, my bad experience really comes down to one person not doing their job: the bartender. It was busy but not that busy and she seemed distracted and unattentive. When I asked the first time about my burger she should have made the effort to go check on it. Had she done that I'd have probably been content with the experience. I've worked in a restaurant and so I know shit happens sometimes. The manager was really great and I feel a little bad giving a harsher review because he really did make an effort to smooth things over. But I do have to call out the bad service for what it was. Next time I'm in the area I will definitely give it another try, but yeah first trip out did not make the best impression.
