Rick Bayless, I would do VERY bad things to you if you would cook for me every day. Due to the incredibly high popularity of Frontera Grill since Bayless' triumphant showing on Top Chef Masters, the place is crazy busy all the time. Since Frontera takes limited reservations, your best bet is to show up before dinner service starts, get your bootie and line and pray for the best. I arrived with two friends in tow at 5:10 and the line was already around the block. However, once the doors opened at 5:20, the line started moving and we were seated outside with no wait.  Now since I was dining outside, I didn't really get to check out too much of the dcor inside. I'm sure it's lovely. But bottom line: When the food is this good, who gives a shit about what the place looks like?? The smatterings of outdoor tables right on Clark Street provide excellent people watching. And you're set back a bit from the sidewalk so you don't feel like the passerbys are interrupting your meal. It's truly the perfect outdoor dining experience. The menu changes quite frequently at Frontera, so you will want to check the website for the most up to date offerings. Of course you have to order the guacamole (They put sun dried tomatoes in it! Not to be missed!), but the real appetizer star was the Queso Fundido de Hongos, which is Otter Creek Farm organic cheddar melted with beer-braised mushrooms, bacon, habanero salsa, cilantro. Duuuuude.... Think of that queso dip from Chili's. Now imagine it with really, really good ingredients and served with homemade tortillas. You just drooled a little, right? It was so delicious it should be illegal. My entre was the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano. I admit it's not the most adventurous menu choice, but the enchiladas are knock-you-on-your-ass amazing. Whatever Bayless puts in that mole sauce is magic and the Gunthorp free-range chicken filling is ahhh-mazing. Add a side of black beans and you've got a winner. My friend ordered the Puerco en Salsa de Elote Verde, which is grilled Maple Creek pork loin in a sauce of roasted tomatillos, fresh corn, chile guero, hoja santa. Rustic mashed potatoes, grilled Spence Farm summer squash. Um, yeah. Pretty much the tastiest, most tender pork I've ever eaten. I'm glad we both like to share entrees. The one bummer? I was less than thrilled with the service. I think our waiter came to take our order and drop off our check... good thing we're low maintenance. But again, when the food is this good, the service doesn't really matter, however I do think that if you're going to a restaurant that is so "famous" right now, the service should be top notch. And sadly, it wasn't. Still, without a doubt, a five star meal. Oh Rick? If you ever leave your wife, you know where to find me!
