I've visited all the Brazilian steakhouses down in Chicago other than Zed 451 (Texas de Brazil, Fogo de Chao and Brazzaz), and I have to say out of those 3 that Brazzaz takes the plate. On the overall, the primary reason for this is really the salad bar that they have. I know that a Brazilian steakhouse is supposed to be all about the meat, but myself, I enjoy a little variety in the food I'm going to eat. Out of the 3, Brazzaz has by far the best salad bar. Fogo is overloaded with gigantic pieces of vegetables and that is about all it really has. Even someone who loves vegetables more than meat, like my fiancee, was not terribly impressed by Fogo's salad bar. Brazzaz has a wide array of food on their bar, my favorite by far being their tortellini and their wide variety of thin sliced meats (prosecutor etc.). I'd say when it comes to the meat itself, that Fogo probably has the other two beat. They have simply the most amazing lamb chops I've ever had in my life. Brazzaz however is very competitive in pretty much every other category on the meat menu. The only place I had a major disconnect was really on the lamb chops. The best meat that Brazzaz has to offer is either their sausage or their bacon wrapped chicken. Both make your mouth water and keep you coming back for more. A few quick tips on my end, avoid shoving boatloads of the cheese puffs down your throat at the start of your meal. Although these things are delicious, they fill your stomach and don't allow you to try all the meat. The servers also tend to bring around a bottle of Brazilian liquor. The bottle itself is beautiful and covered in pineapples, avoid this at all costs in my opinion. It ends up running you 9 dollars a piece or so for a shot of it, and I had to MUSCLE it down after already splitting a bottle of wine. Do partake in the garlic mashed potatoes and the fried plantains! The plantains are great for cleansing your palette between meats. All in all, a great place for a date or a group. Just watch the damage it can do to your wallet. Keep an eye on your mail and get a 2 for 1 dinner or lunch. If you can catch it at lunch it costs 20 bucks instead of 50 a person which is a great deal. Keep in mind they do serve fewer meats than they do at dinner, but it's still well worth while.
