I don't know if I would normally give this 4 stars...maybe 3 1/2, but I feel obligated to try to raise the Yelp score a little bit. It's really not that bad, people. Our double-bed room was up on the 14th floor, the top floor. From the reviews, it sounds like we lucked out, and maybe some of the more unkempt rooms are on the lower floors. Try requesting a higher room. Ours was way bigger than expected. The bed sheets were clean, the mattresses were firm. It was quiet. The TV was small but worked just fine. The bathroom was huge. We thought the a/c was fine - but we were also in Chicago for a stretch of amazing mid-70s days. Staff was always courteous. Sadly, no ghosts greeted us during our stay :( Even when we peeked onto the 13th floor. (Yes, they have a 13th floor.) Yeah, the hallways are a bit old-fashioned. But they aren't as badly lit as I was led to believe. They just seemed like...well, the hallways in an older hotel. The outside window-view from the hallways is definitely Shining-esque, though. But we thought that was cool. Location could not be better, right on Michigan Ave across from the fountain, easy 10 minute walk to Millennium Park, even easier 25 minute walk to Soldier Field. Please note: we didn't have a car with us, so I can't comment on their valet situation. We were also two people in a two double-bed room, so I can't comment on their efficiency in bringing up a cot, extra towels, etc. (Our room was equipped with four towels, and the towels were replaced after house-cleaning even though we didn't request it.) We requested a mini-fridge, and they brought it up promptly even though it was after midnight. I don't know, maybe my opinion on "old" and "dirty" has been skewed after staying in some rotten New York apartments. But I thought the Congress was fine for the price, and I would stay here again without hesitation. And yes, people are still on strike here. But the group is about 5 - 10 people, and they never once hassled us when we saw them. A note to business travelers: there is a daily charge for Wi-Fi.
