The Hotel is beautiful and the amenities are great so if you're looking for a trendy yet peaceful get away, the Dana Hotel is a decent option, much better when you consider the price and the comparables. HOWEVER, DO NOT STAY HERE IF YOU BOOK THROUGH A THIRD PARTY!!!! I realize this is partially my fault for using Expedia and not the Dana Hotel directly, but I did not realize that the $700 I spent on three nights through Expedia would warrant the incredibly rude treatment I've received since check-in, and I haven't even been here for 24 hours yet.  First, there is absolutely nothing any of the staff will do when room is incorrect or you have other routine check-in issues. Obviously--according to the demeanor of the girl I initially checked in with--people who prepay for their rooms and book through third parties are undeserving of quality customer service. HOWEVER, if you're willing to take a downgrade (which I reluctantly agreed to) they will happily move you, but don't expect reimbursement for the difference in price.  In Dana's defense, most of my actual problems stemmed from booking through a third-party site (wrong room, no prior notification of 150 incidental).  My complaint about the Dana Hotel specifically is how rude the staff has been in response to the fact that I booked through a third party. I understand how it might be preferable for hotels to have their guests book directly through them, but they still obviously gain something from allowing third party reservations, or they wouldn't allow them. THEREFORE, I see no reason for the Hotel Customer service to treat me like a pile of dog shit, especially because this whole ordeal ended up costing me more than if I had just booked through Dana directly. If you don't like Expedia, stop accepting third party reservations. Otherwise, don't take it out on your guests.  Before I checked in, I was so excited to have a few days here (I live in Chicago but am staying here while in the process of moving). I was glad to have found a place that was nice, relaxing, and reasonably priced so I can stop sending my friends and family to dingy Comfort-Inn type places when they come to visit. But at least at dingy-Comfort Inn type places, you're likely to receive a welcoming smile upon check in, which is a lot more than I can say for the Dana.
