We had only the weekend in Chicago, and after a five-star meal at Frontera Grill the day before, we headed over to the Publican for a Sunday brunch on a Chicagoan-friend's recommendation. Maybe it was because I was still hungover from a wedding the night before, or maybe because eating at Rick Bayless' restaurant made we want to take off my pants the food was so good - whatever the reason, something in me just hated the Publican. We arrived early, reservation at 1:30, hoping to be seated earlier. Instead we were escorted over to the bar area. Fine, no big deal, we'll wait. And wait we did. Waited forever to have someone bring over coffee, then waited that much longer to have that same clueless server bring us some cream and Splenda. Ready for our coffee now? No, not just yet. We then had to endure another wait to have a spoon brought over. And then napkins. Then more wait for some water. It was like the server was in some waiter-12-step program: One. Item. At. A. Time.  While we waited, multiple tables for two were free all over the restaurant. But still we waited. And waited. Sure, the decor was creative and neat-o, but the whole feel of the place began to sour after standing (no chairs in the bar area) for nearly an hour. Our repeated requests to the hostess to be seated at one of the empty tables were in vain. And this hostess was just lost in space. Had that fake Kelly Choi - Top Chef Masters host - all teeth smile. Didn't even apologize for the wait, which would have at least been something. But no, like the majority of the staff, including the kitchen, she just floated around a half-filled restaurant, kind of out of it, not doing a damn thing. It was like the staff at the Publican couldn't be bothered. Or maybe they were all in some cult - all high on shoe polish and ready for their spaceship to land. Though to his credit, I must say our bar-server ended up apologizing for the wait, and bringing us a free piece of coffee-cake, which was tasty, and he didn't charge us for the coffee or the cake. Which was nice, was something.   Finally we were seated by the hostess, who at this point my fiance and I just wanted to throttle. Hostess, eyes half-closed: "Enjoy your meal." Us, muttering under our breath: "Go f*** yourself." Then more wait. Wait to order, wait for food, wait for check, wait for receipt. Wait wait wait. That was the Publican's theme. And it's not like this place was packed at all. Must have taken us 3+ hours to eat brunch.  Anyway, the food. I couldn't decide on the pork shoulder/bacon/fried egg heart-stopping, comes with a side of Lipitor, sandwich or the wine-poached eggs. The waitress suggested the eggs. Bad choice. They were sour, the prosciutto second rate - all just kind of bland and poorly seasoned. "How are the flavor combinations?" the blissed-out waitress asked. The flavor combinations!?!? What the hell are you talking about? The flavor combinations - they suck. Of course, I didn't respond like this - pretty sure I just grunted. My fiance liked her lox bagel, though we had to request the normally standard red onions to give the lox some kick. I thought the lox were way too mealy and salty.  But I probably would have disliked anything the Publican served up at this point. The side of Parmesan hash-browns might as well have been a dense patty of oil, some potato, more oil, and housing foundation. I felt like I had to take a shower after eating them.  The Publican looks great, has a stylish bathroom set-up, but the staff's totally checked-out attitude and the lackluster food just kills the place. The food is by no means terrible for the price, but the restaurant had this atmosphere of arrogance and laziness, which is in no way warranted by the quality of the product. If you're visiting Chicago, head over to Frontera Grill or one of its sister restaurants instead. Even if you have to wait 30 hours to get a table, it's worth it. The Publican is not. So take that Publican.
