I love Restaurant Week! Each year I get to pick two restaurants I've never been to or would not normally try and stuff my face for a fraction of the normal cost. My demanding school schedule only allowed me one free night this year, and after viewing the participating restaurants, Chicago Q emerged as the Chosen One. We were seated right away in the back corner of the restaurant. We had a corner booth, which was disappointing, since I am positive my sore neck had to do with the need to tilt my head to the right the whole time to talk to my date. The interior is certainly a far cry from the family reunion/birthday party/cookout/backyard BBQ I am used to, and the drink menu was a bit classier than Bud Light from a keg. I settled on a Pimm's Cup. Who knew a cocktail and meat overload would go so well together? With our drinks came a bowl of house-made potato chips (seasoned with BBQ, or something?) along with another bowl of buttery pickles. I ate entirely too many chips and even forced myself to try a pickle, which I enjoyed. They're delicious and they'll keep coming if you finish, so be careful not to eat too many!! We decided to order from the Restaurant Week menu and (each of us) started with the BBQ flight, followed by the full slab of ribs (both St. Louis and Babyback), and finished up with the key lime pie. The BBQ flight, consisting of pulled pork, pulled chicken, and brisket, along with a huge chunk of cornbread, is massive and could easily be a meal for one or shared between 2-3 people. I was nearly in a food coma by the time I finished. I couldn't throw the towel in just yet because my giant slab of ribs and second huge chunk of cornbread came out a few minutes later. The ribs were meaty, delicious, and pretty much fell off the bone, but I only made it through half of them before calling it quits. The key lime pie was airy and delicious, and wasn't too heavy to slam down at the end of the meal! Each meat dish comes with 4 different flavors of sauces - my favorites were the spicy BBQ and the vinegar, with my least favorite being the mustard. My one regret was that the cheddar hush puppies were not on the Restaurant Week menu - my mouth was salivating at the thought of them, and I haven't even tried them yet! While the Restaurant Week menu offered a good variety of everything on their menu, I think one would be fine ordering a shared appetizer, a half slab or ribs, and (maybe) squeezing in a dessert. Between the two of us we had leftovers for 3 days! All in all, a great experience, and super competitive prices for the area/food/portions. Forget the piles of napkins, paper plates, and the red picnic tablecloth - Chicago Q gets you all covered in BBQ and greasy meat, but in a much classier setting than your typical barbecue. I'd happily go back!
