**Sorry Sunda, but the (1) ONE star is truly due to your Assistant Manager and the way she handles situations.** Food - 3 (at best, had better, honestly) Myself and 3 colleagues decided to try Sunda for lunch since we came across a gDine deal for it. Sunda is only a 10 minute walk from our office and thought we would try some of what we were told was "GREAT" Asian Fusion cuisine. The "GREAT" part was GREATLY EXAGGERATED. The food is good, but not great. We had a lunch special bento box and this is the meal I had. Miso Soup - Good flavor, warm, not hot, was just that, Miso Soup. Bento Box (Seaweed Salad, Spicy Tuna Roll, Chicken Katsu Curry) - Seaweed Salad was ok, under seasoned, tasted bland. Spicy Tuna Roll as someone else mentioned was over spiced, could not taste the tuna, but good thing I like spicy sushi rolls. Chicken Katsu Curry was good, chicken fried to perfection and not oily, the curry sauce is hard to mess up since it is just water and Japanese curry paste, this portion of the dish was well seasoned and flavorful. Dessert - WE DID NOT GET TO THIS PART, ALTHOUGH WE PAID FOR IT (**SEE BELOW AS TO WHY**) Now for the reason I am giving Sunda a (1) ONE star rating To anyone who does not mind being called a liar and disrespected in public, this is truly the place for you! The meal started off great, we arrived, were greeted and were promptly seated. Since we had prepaid on gDine our lunch options were basically already decided. The ambiance was good, a little too dark for my liking but doable. The staff seemed to be on their A game until it all went to hell. During the meal, my colleague and the server kept on going back and forth with playful banter about spilling the drinks. A little bit of Sake was spilled initially and a joke was made about taking some money off the bottle, and that rolled on throughout the meal. The server came back to the table numerous times and each time she would say a little something and my colleague would say a little something, both would laugh and on with the meal. While waiting for dessert, the Assistant General Manager approaches the table. She asked us how the meal was and we acknowledged her letting her know that we had no complaints and all was well. She then began to state that her staff said we were being rude to them and were calling them "F*ing Retards". My colleague asked the Assistant General Manager did he hear one us call her staff members that and she said, No, but was told by her staff. At first we assumed she had the wrong table, because no such language was used at our table and above all, we never would have disrespected anyone like that either. Then the Assistant General Manager began to attack my colleague verbally stating, that he did call the server an F*ing Retard and she would like it if we left the restaurant immediately. We told her we were waiting on our desserts and she said I will comp your Sake, but please leave now or I will call the police. "CALL THE POLICE, really!!?? My office is very casual and we were dressed in T-shirts, but do we look like HOODLUMS, that we need to be escorted out by police officers?? We were not dressed like everyone else in the restaurant and we assume that had something to do with it as well. We decided to leave to avoid any further interactions with the Assistant General Manager. The last thing I thought would happen today was that I would be Disrespected, Publicly Humiliated and Kicked out of a restaurant for Absolutely NO REASON! We were really looking forward to trying this place out. It's close enough to be one of our regular lunch spots. Sunda, you really need to learn how to treat your customers who are not Celebrities.
