Thought we would watch the Super Bowl game here- had to RSVP on Chicago Social Network (CSN) site- REALLY You have to make a reservation for a Sports BAR?? Must be awesome, right? Got there early, found parking (didn't use valet-- omg, going too far now!) went in and gave my name. Of course, they couldn't find me (strike one,) andcall over the manager, who says the RSVP on the CSN was really for investors and their clients- WHAT? you mean you're not in busy for regular customers, just your investors and their clients???- bottom line they have no space (strike two.) Of course I make a fuss as its too late to go anywhere else, and I DID get a confirmation for my RSVP. All he can offer is two seats at the bar downstairs. Thanks! We thought we were golden (back to only one strike.) Nooooo, turns out we are the ONLY two seats at the bar- awkward! Waitress and bartender tend to us quickly; we order the wings, which is supposed to come with free fries. Waitress doesn't know anything about it, even though its on the CSN website as the special of the night,and needs to check with the manager. Ummm, Super Bowl Sunday and you don't even know your own advertised specials??? (back to strike two!) Ok so the fries are free and we receive them and they are mushy (like they sat in the cheese sauce for a while.) Then they bring out the wings, looked good, tasted decent, until we get to the blood. Is it me or isn't chicken NOT supposed to be cooked rare or medium rare?! We hoped it was just one - another wing and it wasn't as bad, but blood still visible. We do this three or four more wings and finally gave up. After showing the waitress, she comes back from the cook who says its not something they can control and sometimes the veins on the chicken is still a little pink. Seriously? Do I LOOK like I don't know how to cook my own food, and are you really trying to feed me a line of bullcrap?? Forget it, we'll deal with it, until the waitress comes back to ask if we are done? Then, do we need a box? And finally, are we ready for the check? Ever get the feeling you're being rushed to leave? Well we thought we were here to watch the game but I guess not. STRIKE THREE FOUR AND FIVE - OUT, OUT, OUT!!! We ask for the check, pay it, and leave- without even staying to watch the game! Never to return, EVER!
