The menu says they are the only authentic Costa Rican restaurant in the city. Since I have no Costa Rican friends I can't dispute the claim, however if I find another Costa Rican place in Chicago you best believe my team of lawyers will be wiping that claim from the pages of Irazu's menu. The outdoor seating was what my ladyfriend and I were after, so we put our name in and geared up for a 20-30 minute wait. There were a pretty impressive number of folks there for a Monday night, but the weather was pretty badass so it made more sense. Oh yeah, the food was also badass so that may be a more viable reason for the crowd.  We sat by the sidewalk and watched the friendly server open our bottle of two buck chuck and pour it into a pair of plastic cups. I admired this safety precaution considering my flip flops and slippery fingers. Server man mentioned that waters, chips and salsa would be coming up right behind him. Unfortunately, that ended up being a lie. I had to ask the host to hook us up with the goods.  Our Costa Rican looking server made up for the misstep with a profuse and heartfelt apology. We ordered a black bean, fried pork bit and avocado dip called "chifrijo" to accompany our chips. Both of us loved it and especially liked that it was an unknown flavor to us. We ate too much of it, but still managed to maintain enough appetite for an entree apiece. I ordered the onioned steak and she went with the garlic shrimp special. My plate consisted of fried green plaintains, cabbage, radish, yellow rice, thin cheap steak and onions. They made that cheap, stringy, shitty cut of meat into a masterpiece. I loved the flavor and felt like it had been pummeled for a while that day to increase tenderness. The fried green plaintains were too raw, I'd go with the sweet version if I were you. I like to arrange the perfect bite on every forkful and the variety on the plate allowed some extra experimentation. On the downside, our quadruple eyed, portly, affable, Costa Rican server said there would be 7 Texas sized shrimp on ladyfriend's plate. The plate only had 5 and they looked like they were from Rhode Island. Wait, that's not accurate, they were more South Carolina sized. The taste made up for it along with a couple trips from her fork over to my plate.  Overall, it was a great experience. The semi-slow service didn't bother us and shouldn't bother you; providing you bring enough wine. Definitely will be back to try the oatmeal shake. Peace out.
