I've been here no less than 5 times. Why? Because I still want to believe that this time things will be different. But alas, it never is. What is my problem with the Violet Hour? The staff. It takes on average 10-15 minutes to get two drinks. Are you kidding me? Oh but the mixology and the finely crafted oils, bitters, and syrups; it all takes time. Yeah- I'm not buying it. Three out of the five times I've been there it seems like our bartender is tweaked out of his mind, all twitchy and shaky, dropping glasses, jiggers, and bar spoons- very unprofessional. That being said- the drinks are pretty good, not the best I've ever had but good. Try the bar at Sepia for classic cocktails and a much better atmosphere. Update: I've had quite a few people message me about my review. These people think I have some grudge against the Violet Hour. The fact is, I don't have a grudge against the Violet Hour, if I did would I have been there five times for their $11 drinks? I appreciate what they do there. I don't appreciate that I have to wait so long for a drink. The first time I was there was the week it opened it took the bartender 15 minutes to even acknowledge that we were sitting in front of him. It then took another 15-20 minutes to get our drink. Our bartender that night wasn't engaging at all. He wasn't talkative, he didn't offer any history behind the drinks, he didn't sell it. In a bar like this you're going there for an experience. Bartenders from that era were true entertainers. They were larger than life, not just some schlep slinging suds. If you're going to open a bar like this and control who comes in, where they sit, etc go the whole nine yards. It starts at your bartenders and works all the way down from the wait staff to the hostess. I chalked this up to them having just opened. So I came back. On trip number two we sat at the bar. Twitchy was our bartender this time and he was great. Hands down, knew his shit, sat and talked with us for a long time even while he was mixing other drinks. I don't mind waiting the 15 minutes for my drink if the bartender is standing there talking about the drink, what's in it, how it's made, origins, etc. It was a great experience. I knew I would be back. One week later we returned. We had the same bartender, but tonight he seemed off. He didn't know who we were yet less than a week prior we had an hour and half conversation about the effects of prohibition on American distilleries. He was edgy, shaky, and just seemed like he was tweaked out. He wasn't engaging, he took forever to mix drinks, it was just a completely different experience. We were admiring the ice in the glasses; they're perfectly square and crystal clear. We asked him what kind of machine they used for their ice and he refused to tell us! Are you kidding me? It's ice. Whatever- maybe the guy is just having an off night. We'll be back again since we love classic cocktails. Trip number 4 came a week or two later and it was just as bad. I returned one more time just because a friend of mine had heard about it and wanted to check it out. I said fine, but for one drink only. And as it turned out, twitchy was our bartender and that was the night he was dropping spoons, throwing jiggers, and just basically didn't have his act together. Bottom line- I respect what they do at the Violet Hour. I would respect it a lot more if they cleaned house with some of their staff. I would respect them a lot more if they had more bartenders and got drinks out faster. I would respect them a lot more if they took the speakeasy theme and really ran with it. This is a concept bar and it has finally given cocktail culture in Chicago some much needed press. But I'm afraid that unless they get their act together and become a place where people keep coming back to rather than a "yeah- it's something you should check out" type of place; they won't survive. People in Chicago won't stand to wait around for their drinks, and it's a shame because they make such fine cocktails here.
