We were looking forward to our dinner here, but were really disappointed. We went on a Saturday, and after reading some other reviews, maybe that was our mistake. When I made the reservation, the person on the phone told me it was an "underground" menu and we should just expect to be surprised. Fine with us - we eat anything and everything and would be happy with whatever was served.  I feel so bad after reading great reviews about service - I think we must have been there on a really off night. I thought the service was very poor for a BYOB spot where I am paying $85 a seat. When we arrived for our reservation, we were told to "just sit at any table set up for two"...okay... Our server ( i guess, b/c he never introduced himself), opened our wine and poured some water. No one asked us if we had been there before, if we knew what an 'underground' menu was, or explained the way the dinner would progress, how many courses we would have, whether they offered any non-alcolohic beverage options, etc. They just poured our wine and then some time later, came out and put down a dish. It was really awkward and disjointed. The food was good - not great. Nothing really memorable. At the end of the meal, the server plunked down two plates and told us it was lemon cake. On our plates were squares of plain cake with a couple berries stewn about. This was the dryest, most flavorless, awful cake I have ever had. After a mouthful, my husband and I looked at each other and laughed. It reminded me of an old Three Stooges episode where they mistakenly bake a pot holder into a cake and everyone who eats it coughs up feathers. With no exaggeration, we had a tough time swallowing one bite. I have never had such a bad dessert at a restaurant ever. The server came and wisked away our plates (both with one bite gone) and didn't ask or stick around long enough to hear how disappointed we were. He came back later only to plunk down the bill. I'm a big fan of small, neighborhood places. I love BYOB options and alternative menus. I appreciate talented chefs and hard working servers and will gladly pay for both. There are a lot of spots in the area that charge $85/seat or less, that in my opinion, do a much better job. I want to like this place. Maybe I'll try again and avoid a Saturday.
