I recently spent two nights at the City Center W and had a fine, but not overwhelmingly positive, experience. As other reviewers have mentioned, W hotels try to cultivate a "club like" feel. The purple lights and throbbing techno music don't do a whole lot for me, so I'm thankful that they're restricted to the first floor and the elevators. The room my partner and I stayed in was small but adequately furnished with sleek, modern furniture in neutral colors. There was a king sized bed, desk, chair, a few cabinets, and plenty of conveniently placed outlets for cellphone chargers, laptops, etc. Because we were placed in a corner room, the placement of our television was a bit awkward (it's my understanding that most of the rooms have the television positioned on a wall facing the bed, but our bed faced an exterior wall with windows and the television was mounted off to the side -- had we actually been using the television, this might have posed an issue.) The bathroom was adequately stocked with plush towels and Bliss brand toiletries. My only complaint is that the sink was borderline miniature. It seemed like no matter how careful I was when I brushed my teeth or washed my hands, I always ended up having to grab a hand towel and mop some water up off the floor. The hotel is located near stops for both the red and blue L lines, which was perfect for my partner and I. We utilized the L in favor of cabs throughout our stay and were able to get to the majority of our destinations via the red line (which conveniently runs all night.) The staff was friendly and efficient, willing to offer directions and dining recommendations. I used the "Whatever/Whenever" service once to request foam pillows instead of down (allergies!) and considering that I called well after midnight, they arrived promptly. My one real complaint (aside from the tiny bathroom sink) is that the in-room wireless is not complimentary. There is complimentary wireless in the lobby area, but the club decor/music in the lobby doesn't exactly facilitate a good working environment. So, if you need to keep up on your work e-mail and are without a smart phone, you'll likely have to shell out for in-room wireless.
