My VBM (very best mom) has been feeling blue lately so her second favorite child (me) decided to take her out to dinner in the hopes of cheering her up. I deliberately picked RJ Grunt's for the nostalgia factor. We used to come here when I was a little girl every time we went to LP Zoo. RJ Grunt's was the first LEYE restaurant concept and was in danger of closing years ago. Due to public outcry, petitions, and a lot of press, Rich Melman decided to keep it open. I'm pretty sure Melman wondered where all the sentimentality was when he was trying to keep the restaurant profitable and no one was eating there. It would appear that it was a good business plan to remain open. This place was hoppin' on a Monday night. Mom and I got there around 6:30 and had to wait about 15 minutes for a table. I was pleasantly surprised that it was not teeming with children. We got seats at the bar and ordered drinks. Woodpecker Cider for me, but Mom wanted to see a wine list. The bartender was very sweet and offered her several tastes of wine before choosing. She opted for a Pinot Gris, which at $10 a glass was pricey, but if you can't spoil your mom, who can you spoil? We were shown to our table and given menus. Mom was really enjoying looking around and remarked how nothing had changed at all at Grunt's. She said the last time she was here was when she was on a double date and didn't know the male half of the other couple was married, but he was on the date with another woman. Apparently his wife's parents walked in the restaurant and he spent the better part of the evening under the table. It was a funny story and the 70s soundtrack that played in the background only added to it. I ordered a French Dip Enigma and she had the portobello burger. Both came with cottage fries. My sandwich was ok; I should have gone with my first instinct and gotten a burger, but the cottage fries more than made up for the sandwich. Mom must have loved hers as she finished the entire thing and she never does that. We sat and reminisced for awhile longer and had a couple more drinks. I think I made her feel better, but I suspect Grunt's had a big hand in it. Great place for a date, to take your parents, or to go with friends. The menu is huge and reasonably priced and the kitsch factor is in full force.
