We went to this place for the first time this week because of the buzz and seeing it on TV shows also finding out that one of my Rock Hero's, Rick Neilson of Cheap Trick is a partner. My Fiancee and I went on a Thursday and SCORE it was a Karaoke Night, good for us because we love singing Karaoke! It was extremely crowded and we were told it would be at least an hour wait for a table so we muscled out way to the bar and had a Drink noticing the list was moving fast. After about 30 minutes a spot at the Bar opened as our name was called but we decided to sit at the Bar and eat. I loved the fact that you can order 3 different styles of Pizza but not feeling adventurous that night we went with the regular Pizza with Sausage, Peperoni and Bacon. I ordered the Camel Toe Draft Beer which is House Brewed and loved it! The Pizza turned out Excellent! Thin crust,Tasty sauce and meats and cooked to Perfection! OK so now our tummies r full and the buzz is kickin in from the 9.5% ABV Beers so now it's time for Karaoke. So we pick our songs and get the request slips in early. The tone-deaf host starts the show off with a horrible song and you notice the non-karaoker's start leaving which was unfortunate because most of the singers were Great. We got up about 10 singers in and ROCKED the House! My Fiancee sang Black Velvet and had everyone singing along and dancing. I was up next and asked if I could get some help on stage with an Air Band and 3 girls came up to help, I sang On the Dark Side and had everyone in the crowd clapping and singing along with the help of my Awesome Air Band. That was so fun and the crowd showed their appreciation. The rest of the singers were great too but after a while we noticed that the Tone-Deaf Host was singing more and other singers were singing 2 and 3 more times. After almost an hour and a half people were leaving they were telling us how good we were and they were wondering why we weren't called back up yet. I guess we upstaged the host and his regulars or something so I asked if we were going to get to sing again and he said yes. I saw our request slips and it looked like we were next but after watching more singers sing their 3rd song so we decided to just leave. Anyway to sum it up the Pizza was Excellent the Beer was Fantastic, the service was good and the crowd was Fun. Too bad they have a Karaoke Service with a Host that cant sing but does it often. Oh well I'm not gonna hold that against Rick...lol... but I sure will come back on a non-karaoke night or maybe check out their Live Band Karaoke on a Saturday.
