This is for 3.5, I was thoroughly disappointed by our desserts..and if you know anything about me, desserts can either make or break you. However despite the desserts, everything else was great.  To start, my BF and I went here for our anniversary dinner. We arrived on Saturday night and they quoted a hour wait for us. We headed toward the bar and there we admired the skill of our bartender who was mixing up some crazy drinks!  We started out with beers but after realizing how many interesting sounding whisky cocktails were on the menu, we both switched over to a whiskey drink - sidecar for me and an old fashioned for my BF. I would highly recommend the old fashioned. Then we were seated at a table in the back. Service is wonderful and our server was very knowlegable in both the cuisine and the drinks. At the table we ordered another round of drinks. We started with the scallops and oxtail which was great, my BF was in love with this dish. And what was not to love, the scallops were cooked perfectly with a golden brown crust, it came with homemade gnocchi which was fried on each side. I have never had gnocchi prepared this way and it gave the gnocchi an extra dimension of flavor. Then we shared the antelope entree. This was my first time having antelope, it was not gamely at all and was simply delicous! Then came our foie gras mousse - which was not as foe gras tasting as I would like, I think the juniper berries distracted from the flavor and there was some type of other jelly mixed in. My BF had one bite and didn't touch the plate again. To end the email, we ordered two desserts, one chocolate terrin, and another dark chocolate dessert. To be fair, our waiter recommended the corn bread pudding and we didn't take his advice so perhaps we deserved what was coming..but the two desserts were just awful. It breaks my heart to even think about it. I think I looked like I was about to cry (hey dessert is my fav part of every meal) and asked if he needed to take me to McDonalds for an ice cream cone. I settled for another drink. I would def come back to Longman and Eagle, I thought our dishes were pretty tasty, the drinks are awesome and service was wonderful. Just take note that if you get dessert, go with what the waiter suggests or don't order it at all. It's not worth the pain and heartbreak.
