Oh the joy of the Internet. So, I put in "Brazilian" into Google because I am wondering to myself the history of Brazilian Steakhouses as I am about to write this review for Fogo de Chao. How did this become a Brazilian thing when Argentina is better known for its beef? And how can such a high calorie, unhealthy experience be associated with a people who I best associate with the sexy bodies of Copacaban Beach?  Well Google in its infinite wisdom of ranking popular searches provides for me: (1) "Brazilian Blowout," (2) "Brazilian Wax" and then (3) "Brazilian Steakhouse Chicago." Not knowing what a Brazilian Blowout is, and seeing that it I'm typing this on my home computer, I am intrigued. Gentleman, a Brazilian Blowout is ... Sorry to disappoint, a hair treatment product for women to make their hair shine. You can look for pictures of Brazilian Waxes on your own time. A Stephen Colbert Tip of the Hat to you ladies. And I thought walking in high heels was painful.  The vanity of Brazilian Blowouts and Brazilian Waxes seems like an interesting juxtaposition to the gluttony of a Brazilian steakhouse like Fogo de Chao. Don't get me wrong, Fogo de Chao is recognized as the best Brazilian Steakhouse in Chicago. Sorry Zed 451. And what's the 451 all about? Like Zed, We're Number One! was taken? Why do you need to be the 451st Zed?  To illustrate the point, let us consider WWHSD aka what would Homer Simpson do at Fogo de Chao? Probably he would not put up with the pretense of the salad buffet, the green (go) and red (stop) coaster used for managing the meat distribution, or the tongs for neatly obtaining your appropriate meat serving without making a mess.  Homer sees these for what they are; futile beards that cannot hide the pure gluttony of experience. Homer would simply take the spigot of meat out of the man's hands and start ripping the glorious, juicy, spicy meat with this teeth as the grease shot all around him. Some would be appalled by Homer's behavior but it would be the most honest Brazilian Steakhouse experience. It is gluttony pure and simple. Yet we, myself included, want to hide behind the tongs, valet, downtown location, and other symbols of high society.  So go get your Brazilian Blowout of your arteries. Don't get me wrong. I love it. I just realize that I'm just a bit of a fake because I use the tongs when moving the serving of meat to my plate and I hit the salad bar as well. P.S. the rolls rock. I know Homer, I shouldn't be filling up on non-meat. I wish I could be half the man you are Homer Simpson.
