Perhaps I expected too much. When it comes to fine dining, I have been lucky to have tried a lot of amazing places (Per Se, French Laundry, Eleven Madison, Gary Danko and the list goes on) so forgive me if this is me being a little picky. Had a 9pm reservation. They were not ready for us. The guy at the host stand was wrestling with the curtain in front of the coat check trying to find someones coat. He sent us to the bar while he wrestled some more and eventually found that coat. Good for him. Why was I still standing? By 9:20pm we finally sat. Things must have changed. The music was not ridiculously loud as reported here on Yelp. It was absolutely perfect. We did not order until 9:45pm. The menu was set and as such our waiter balked at my request to add some of the famous popcorn to our tasting menu(which we offered to pay for of course). He went back and forth, getting it "approved" and such to finally come back and say they would do it. Phew. Did not realize it was such a hard request. For the record, that was one of the meal highlights! Incredible. We brought our wine and the corkage fee was a good rate of $ 25.00 The tasting consisted of the following: oyster- great pea- went perfectly with the Iberica ham lobster- my absolute favorite. It was awesome carbonara- was amazing but would have liked it hotter. It was barely warm. The rest: redfish, jidori, cheese and milk was just OK. Now I know these places have small portions. Been there done that. I usually get upset when people complain at leaving hungry. I always tell them they are not grasping the concept and that this is not meant to be an all you can eat buffet. Thing is that this time around, I DID leave hungry. Most fine dining places bring out some intermezzo items which when combined with your amuse bouche and maybe bread, round out a meal. This time around, not so much. As much as I was able to enjoy the courses I favored, I was left wondering " what if this is as good as it gets". It finally came a point where I said " yup, that was as good as it got". It started lukewarm, became sizzling hot and died out only a lonely cold memory. Therefore, 3 1/2 stars to the good courses, the service and ambiance. Next time, will spend my time and money elsewhere. Disappointed.
