You feel special just walking into this unmarked building. The hustle and bustle of the outside world immediately disappears as soon as you step into the dimly-lit hallway that appears to shrink off in the distance (think willy wonka). Two doors slide open and like stepping into the Holodeck on the Enterprise you enter a entirely different environment than the one you just moments ago became accustomed to. I find it difficult calling what happened next a 'meal' as the term simply does not adequately describe an evening at Alinea. It was a perfectly-choreographed event with the story-line being the 18 or so courses laid out in front of us. The attention to detail is astounding, from the smallish separated dining rooms, to the many customized serving vessels, to the chairs that somehow remained comfortable for the duration of the 3 hours we spent there. All the dishes, many a single bite, were so rampant with flavors and textures that I took to pausing a few moments before swallowing to allow the flavors to mix and produce an entirely new element to the dish that I had not experienced just moments before. Taking things slow is a must here. Eat too quickly and you would miss out on the subtle flavors and additions offered by each ingredient. One recurring theme of many of the more substantial courses was that the whole was always greater than the sum of the parts. Flavors that maybe did not amaze on their own combined in a way that elevated all the components involved into one cohesive, unforgettable bite. Some courses were interactive without being annoying. Cutting my own greens off the "living garden" centerpiece for the salad course was a strangely satisfying experience. The salad itself was also unreasonably good. My only warning about this place is to have an open mind. This is not the restaurant to go to if you're looking for classical dishes and/or a typical appetizer, entree, dessert progression with large portions. What you will get at Alinea is the food of a gifted culinary artist, presented in ways that will surprise you and challenge your ideas of what food can be.
