Gori S. was about to rollerskate her way from Elmhurst if necessary to get to Chicago Diner on our trip, yet I'm the one who went twice (nyah nyah Gori). Chicago Diner is a crowded little place that does have a diner feel, but if you walk through the kitchen, you can also be seated at an enclosed, heated outdoor patio, which is painted a cheerful shade of yellow. I ate in both the front and back, and I preferred the patio: it's quieter and has more space, and even though we weren't in the main restaurant, I didn't feel like our server forgot about us (service was very good in both parts of the restaurant). First visit, I got lunch: the Buddha's Karma Burger with fries. The burger patty itself was unusual and good, and I liked the Karma Realignment Sauce, although I wasn't crazy over it. I'm also unsure if my karma was better aligned after eating it, but my flight on Sunday didn't crash, so it couldn't have gotten worse. The sweet potato fries were good. It was chilly out and I ordered a hot cocoa, which was one of the best soy cocoas I've ever had, and it even had whipped cream! Second visit, I was in the mood for breakfast and got the French toast combo...with a cookie dough milkshake on the side. You know, a breakfast beverage. This was Gori's insistence, and good call, ref: whatta milkshake! I could have had that alone for breakfast; my only suggestion would be to blend it less so it's a bit thicker, but it was delicious. The combo was too big for me. The French toast was interesting, because it didn't have the regular egg coating, but was still in the French toast vein and was nice and cinnamonny. I was disappointed with both the tofu scramble (lacked flavor) and the hash browns (same, plus should have been crispier). I didn't try the sausage patty. Was it worth Gori's foaming at the mouth? Personally, no; I've eaten at vegan restaurants I liked better (including Native Foods, which can also be found in Chicago). I'd normally award three stars, but due to the milkshake and good service, I'm bumping it to four.
