Meli,Meli,Meli where do I start? My wife and I went on a Friday morning about 9:00pm. Nice time to come if you don't want to wait. We got right in and the place was pleasantly buzzing but there were still tables available. I enjoyed two greek gentleman talking. I could not understand what they were saying but they seemed so nice and they were obviously a fixture in the nieghborhood because people who came in knew them. The waitress was nice and it only took her a couple of minutes to get to us. Coffee came quick and with refills frequent. To the the yelper that said they could not get anyone to fill there coffee because other waitresses told them that they needed to wait on their server: We got refills so often that we had to tell them to slow down. Other servers would come by and fill our coffee. On to the food. The menu:HUGE. So many selections we did not know what to get. I settled on the Meli honey infused pancakes which were awesome and a side of turkey links. My wife does not care for pancakes too much and she loved them. Anyway my wife had the portabello mushroom benedict and it was absolutely wonderful. All in all I would say that Meli is a top choice for breakfast in my book. I love you SWEET MAPLE CAFE but you have some comp in the breakfast department. I would not say that Meli is better than SMC it is different. If you want southern style SWEET MAPLE is the place to go and if you want breakfast with a GREEK flare come to MELI. I give props to both Chicago staples for breakfast. We are going to work our way through the menu here and eventually end up in breakfast calorie bliss but we love every calorie of it. Also just an added note, if you want good food, you have to wait sometimes. Service is good but every place has an off day now and then, no restaurant has perfect service. I have been to my favorite establishments and had great service one day and bad another day. Don't blame Meli for one bad day, just go back on a day when you can get in when it's not packed.
