I've been meaning to write a review for weeks. I visited Chicago In October for a wedding, and attended Longman and Eagle for the Rehearsal Dinner. So, my review is limited to our experience at the Rehearsal Dinner... but it was GREAT! Also, I was able to check out the rooms upstairs, which I understand are opening very soon. Because of our large party, we were provided with a fixed menu - each guest was able to select one starter, one entree, and one dessert. I can't remember all of the various options now, but I do recall my food being downright delicious. I started with the Ricotta Gnudi, which was flavorful without being too "heavy." It was just a few little pillows of Gnudi, which was plenty, considering the richness of the food and the upcoming entrees. My entree was the Burger, with aged cheddar and bacon, and served with beef fat fries. I went halfsies on entrees with the guest sitting next to me, who ordered the roasted cauliflower, with lentils, raisins, mango and some other stuff I can't remember. The burger was exactly what I want when I order a burger out: juicy, dripping, 3-napkin type of burger that you gobble up and would never make for yourself at home. Unfortunately, I thought the beef fat fries were unremarkable... by the time my plate got to me (and we waited for the 6 people at our end of the table to be served), they were a little cold and boring. But I like the idea, and think they would be good if served warm. The roasted cauliflower was also prepared well -- if you're a fan of cauliflower, you will love this dish. I was skeptical about the raisins and pickled mango, with lentils, but it worked. In fact, I resolved to add raisins to my next batch of roasted cauliflower at home. The third option for dinner was the half roasted chicken, which other guests seemed pleased with. It was a LOT of food though. Definitely enough for 2 people. For dessert, I think the options were a cheese plate, some sort of chocolate molten cake, and maybe a bread pudding? ( I can't remember the third option). I ordered the cheese plate, but was far too full to eat all of it. It was a nice selection of cheeses, and I would certainly order it again. Overall, I was impressed with the service and attentiveness of the staff. Dealing with large groups is always difficult, and I think they did an excellent job. After dinner, our group migrated to the outdoor beer garden on the side of the building for a little after party. One of the staff members bought me my drink after I complimented him on the wonderful evening, which was just icing on the cake. If you're a visitor (or resident) to the Chicago area, I definitely recommend checking this place out!
