Had late dinner reservations for 10:00pm on Saturday night at The Publican. One thing that strikes you right away when you walk into the restaurant is that it's pretty noisy--probably a mixture of the room acoustics and the clientele, which seemed to consist mostly of the younger post-college crowd. I can't say I was a fan of the room setup: As our table wasn't ready when we arrived, the host suggested we wait at the "bar," a set of five or six tables for standing in the middle of the dining room and surrounded on three sides by the communal long tables where most of the patrons sit. This, in itself, probably wouldn't have been so bad except for the fact that we were the only people at the "bar," awkwardly standing around smack in the middle of tables and tables full of diners. The hostess seemed to sincerely apologize for the long wait, and the kitchen gave us a complimentary order of their signature spicy pork rinds to go together with our initial round of beers and a chef's selection of three hams. I wasn't all that impressed by the pork rinds, but the selection of hams was superb. We also had a chef's selection of a half-dozen oysters, which were okay, but clearly not a highlight of the restaurant. For dinner, we ordered a blood sausage, the pork country ribs, and another (apparently unmemorable) pork item. Only the country ribs really stood out--perfectly cooked with a nice aroma and flavor. As generally unexciting the food was, the beer selection was an adventure (in a good way). A friend had recommended one of the "champagne" beers, and the DeuS did very nicely--very smooth but without the sweetness of champagne, albeit a challenge to pour without creating a large head of foam. The staff was also very knowledgeable and helpful as we waded through the large selection of almost all entirely unfamiliar beers. It was a nice surprise to see some items from the Great Lakes Brewing Company in my hometown of Cleveland, Ohio (and, no, it wasn't Dortmunder Gold!). The staff was pretty friendly but seemed just a tad undermanned. Adding one or two more waiters would probably fit the restaurant with the appropriate amount of service. Overall, Publican was a decent restaurant. I wouldn't necessarily turn down an invitation to go there, but I'm not going to make an effort to schedule a second visit. On the other hand, if you're a beer enthusiast, I could easily see you returning again and again. Otherwise, pay a visit, enjoy a beer, take it all in, and then move on.
