First, the good. The cocktails are strong and delicious. Violet Hour takes great care to use high quality liquor and brags that it makes its own mixers from fresh fruit juices, etc. The mixed drinks all seem to cost $12 each, which is very expensive for a cocktail in Chicago, but an appropriate premium to pay for the ambiance and attention to detail put into the Violet Hour experience. That said, everyone in my 5 person party was galled by the unapologetically slow service. I can understand waiting 45 or more minutes for a table at a chic club where space is at a premium because they won't admit you unless they've got a seat for you. Ok. They also shouldn't let you in unless they're prepared to serve you. We waited more than 30 minutes per round for drinks. On a Monday. After 10. And our server wasn't so busy that she couldn't stand around the bar chatting and watching the bartenders show off their mixological skills. Just odd that with Violet Hour's prices it wouldn't also put a premium on volume and pump clients full of $12 drinks as fast as they could. The food is unremarkable, but that's not why the majority mid and late-20's crowd was there. Nearly as irksome as the bad service are the signs in the bathroom proclaiming "No O-Bombs, Jager-Bombs, or Bombs of Any Kind,No Budweiser, No light beer, No Grey Goose, No cosmopolitans. And finally, please do not bring anyone to the Violet Hour that you wouldn't take to your mother's house for Sunday dinner." Really? Telling your clients what to drink and how to act. Unfortunately, Poe's Law precludes us from knowing whether this is obvious parody or presented in all seriousness. I'd say it's just arrogant weirdness, but who knows for sure. Wicker Park trending toward "chic" with places like this with shitty service and overpriced hype are why I moved out years ago. I wish I could say Violet Hour would fit better in the Viagra Triangle than trying to bootstrap Wicker Park into Soho, but this is apparently what people want.
