Let me start off by saying that I was super ecstatic to have a place so close to home serving Peking Duck. The venture to Chinatown is about an hour or so by El, so lucky for them, we decided to try it at Sun Wah. During our first visit, like many other Chinese restaurants, we didn't expect service to be superb, but at least somewhat okay. And it was just "meh". Not fast, not slow, just okay. The Peking Duck was carved right in front of our eyes. Very nicely carved and then all of our other dishes came out. The Peking Duck was eh...average. I've definitely tasted better in Chinatown. And on top of that, they gave us FREAKING 6 buns. One whole duck and just 6 buns. I had to literally rip each bun in 4ths just to eat a portion of the duck....and when I asked for more, they ended up charging me $3 for it. UNNECESSARY MUCH?! I mean, I don't mind paying for good food, but when it's just insanely not that great, I will have a problem with it. The duck bone soup was actually pretty good. The other dish that came with, was just okay. Nothing out of the ordinary. And I'm guessing they forgot our third dish? But it was okay, we decided to give them another chance and another visit. Our second visit, it was understandable that it was a really busy Saturday night, but our waiter was super rude and just zipped past us like there was no tomorrow! We wanted to get the Peking duck again since I was craving it...but surprisingly the waiter dissuaded us. He said that it would take 45 minutes for it since they had a lot of parties. We said we were willing to wait. but he simply refused to let us order it. We found that a bit weird so we asked for him to give us a few minutes while we chose another dish. He flatly said NO. My only expression was WTH!? NO?? Come again?! And then he stood there as we awkwardly as we decided what to eat. We ended up ordering two fish dishes..one was white fish and the other as sea bass. They were both very, very good. That's my 1 star. But my experience destroyed the rest. Oh and this one time, the waiter swung by our table, asked us something REALLY REALLY FAST, and before we could up and even answer, he ran off with one of the sauces from our table. I even caught it on VIDEO! LOL. That was super awkward. So yeh, we won't be venturing out to this place even if it as right next to our building! Our trip to Chinatown must continue on.... For a better Peking Duck place, try BBQ King House. They are amazingly delicious!!! :)
