Rumor has it there are some purists who don't like the concept of upscale barbecue. Well, to them, I say "get over it." After all the steak has migrated from it's primal spot on the grill to some pretty nicey, pricey streak houses. So why not barbecue? I for one was happy to munch on quality barbecued meats in this nice big classy room. And for not much more than some of those lower key, self-service joints. I came here with a friend for an early Friday night dinner (we were having a Florida senior moment.) I had a martini at the bar while waiting for my friend. It was nicely prepared and the bleu-cheese stuffed olives were excellent. We were seated promptly and greeted by a number of servers, actually. It is that type of team service where you have numerous visitors at your table, including a quick check-in from what must have been the manager. We were in manic mood, of sorts, and probably engaged them in some TMI kinds of conversation and kidding. They played along with us quite well. I can see they have made a special effort to hire and educate the right kind of people here. The menu is full of classic barbecue offerings and sides, but is not too long or gimmicky. Appetizers include such interesting items as a BBQ flight of Kobe Brisket, Pulled Pork and Chicken, BBQ lemon shrimp with polenta and House Bacon Cheddar Hush Puppies. Prices range from $5.75 for Onion Rings to $10.75 for the Shrimp. We chose the flight, which came out in a sushi style in a way in small separate dishes with dipping sauces, and pickled red onions which resembled pickled ginger in their pinkness. I requested chop sticks, but they couldn't find any. This was my first experience with "Bushi." There are three salads to choose from: A basic baby greens, one orignal with hominy. smoke corn and black beans, and a Cobb with pulled chicken. We shared the Cobb. It was delicious and would make a great lighter dinner choice, still with BBQ flavors. The main BBQ menu has sandwiches, ribs, Kobe Brisket, smoked pork and chicken. You can also get a Rib-eye, a Pork Chop or a Smoked Salmon Steak. There are "combo" offerings, too. We orderd 1/2 slabs of each of the Baby Back and St. Louis ribs. Served dry-rubbed, with separate dipping sauces, they were tender and flavorful. We didn't even use the sauces. Only a plate of squeaky clean bones remained. I loved their coleslaw, too. It was nicely shredded green and purple cabbage, not too "wet," and a generous quantity. A pulled pork sandwich runs $10.50, 1/2 slabs around $15 and full around $25. So pretty standard prices. Five big old stars for a GREAT value, in a classy but understated setting, exquisite knowledgeable and friendly service and mouth-watering dishes. Chicago q was just the nicest surprise. Fantastic location, too, smack in the middle of the Division & Rush Streets scene.
