When you stay at the Intercontinental Hotel on Michigan Ave in Chicago, you get exceptional service from the minute you check in. The rooms are super clean and the plush beds are so comfortable you'll want to order breakfast in bed.  But don't! The breakfast buffet is SO amazing (some rooms include it, complimentary, so ask at check in) you will want to enjoy everything on the buffet...and you won't be needing food until dinner (if even then) once you've finished! I want to expound on this a bit because this awesome breakfast buffet is a good enough reason alone to stay here (but the other amenities are superior, too!).  The $28.00 price tag is COMPLETELY WORTH IT! Remember, you will likely NOT need another meal that day.  Not only does this buffet have the traditional fresh omelets and Belgian waffles to order, but it had TWO different types of smoked salmon (complete with condiments- capers/onions/cream cheese, etc); an array of fresh bagels/breads/muffins, etc; a fresh assortment of fruits, brie and other delicious ($$) cheeses; amazing "Crab-cakes Benedict"; bacon, sausage (YUM!) and scrambled eggs that were so creamy, it left me wanting to speak with the chef about how he did that en masse!  I'm so impressed with this buffet (can you tell??)! I have traveled the world and eaten at countless fine restaurants and I would be hard pressed to find a breakfast buffet that compares to this one. ...perhaps the Auberge St. Antoinne in Quebec, but I digress.  The point is, this hotel (and breakfast buffet) is WORLD CLASS, as is the staff who work there. Michael Jordan's Bar (in the hotel) has amazing burgers and macaroni & cheese and the hotel itself is something to behold, from the indoor coliseum-like pool area (which you can order drinks to) :) to the Grand Ballroom that houses the largest (12,000 lb) Baccarat crystal chandelier in North America.  All of this equals something to behold in this remarkable hotel.  OH! And it's entrance opens up onto Michigan Avenue in Chicago...enough said!! Just stay there!! You WON'T be disappointed!
