Slap me twice and call me Shirley! ... or something that makes sense. Just take me to Glenn's afterward. Let's get the bad outta the way since it's only two small things (really just one), then we can dive into the good: 1) The price can add up quickly if you go for dinner. They have a great seafood selection and that's just the way you have to roll if you want good seafood. 2) It's almost impossible to decide what to order. Usually, In places with great, appealing menu items, I'll get down to 2 options that I know will be good and then make a game time decision. At Glenn's, I am still regretting what I didn't order or what I could have ordered the next day... and that's WITH me having thoroughly enjoyed what I DID order. Just too many great options. It's the ultimately "grass is always greener" effect in menu form. I'm sitting there enjoying my chicken and waffle, but I see my friend also really enjoying his shrimp and grits. No! It's not fair. I almost want to order two items, but know that would be the biggest mistake. Portions are huge! I'd basically just be ordering one of the items to go... which wouldn't be that bad but definitely excessive. I'm not trying to weigh 300 lbs here. Ok, on to the good (just to list a couple): 1) Brunch. I could stop right there, but I guess I'll elaborate a tad. If you're like me... and most people on Yelp. You're always looking for that go-to place to take people to brunch. Something that is tried and true, and will leave your friend from out of town fulfilled and jealous that they don't get to eat this more often like you. This is one of those places you can put on your short list. If your brunch crew is more local, then you're always looking for that extra place to throw into the rotation so you don't feel like you're stuck in a rut or begin to like that place you love a little less because it's turned routine rather than a treat. Let's be real. No matter how much you like a place, options are always a good thing... even if it's only so you can have it to choose your favorite place over the other option. 2) Service/Setting. I'm combining these two, because they create a place that's just laid back and perfect for a Sunday where you just don't want to do much of anything. The reality here being that that's most every Sunday. The wait staff are friendly and attentive (but not overbearing). If it's your first time, then they'll walk you through their many, great items. If you don't fill like filling up, then your friends can stuff themselves and you can just have some coffee and pie or cereal and juice and feel just as comfortable. Make sure to try: chicken and waffle, New Orleans scramble, shrimp and grits, crab cakes, seafood strudel, any seafood really, pulled pork benedict, biscuits and gravy, their desserts... actually just point at the menu randomly and enjoy that.
