Yes, I admitted that I had never been to Wurstkuche in LA, but I think Hot Doug's pretty much offer similar sausages, just different atmosphere. A lot of my Yelp buddies told me to go, so at temperature of less than 10degrees outside, my friend and I ventured to Avondale to get hot doug's and boy it was a great decision, a very short line, not even 30minutes wait - lucky for me, and parking was easy for us too. Here are the list of our dawgs for the two of us: - Foie gras and Sauternes Duck Sausage with Truffle Aioli, Foie Gras Mousse and Fleur del Sel - best - The Atomic Bomb (Damn Spicy Pork Sausage with Spicy Mango Mayonnaise and Habanero-Jack Cheese - very good and crazy hot spicy, in a good way - Ribeye Steak Sausage with Chimichurri, St. Angel Triple Creme Cheese and Crispy Fried Onions - just okay - the Salma Hayek (formerly the Madonna, the Raquel Welch and the Ann-Margret) - Andouille Sausage with caramelized onions - the lowest price among all and still good. with regular small fries. For non-foodie, the Foie gras might not look so appealing, but just take a bite and you'd taste the yummy goodness of the duck and foie gras combined. If you're a fan of hot spicy sausage, take a bite of the Atomic bomb, you'd love it. The habanero-jack cheese might be too HOT for me, thank God I split that dawg with my friend, otherwise I don't think I would be able to finish that by myself. The Ribeye in my opinion didn't taste anything special, so I don't recommend getting that one. The Salma Hayek was written as hot, but actually it wasn't so bad, this is one of the regular dawgs you'd always see on the menu. The first 3 are the specials. Doug is usually at the cashier line writing up your order, very friendly guy, even tho the place is busy, he still jokes around with customers who are placing orders, which I think pretty nice, because some established places just thinking about ka-ching coming through the door. A couple of my friends were showing up as well and they ordered the duck fat fries, you could definitely taste the flavor of the fat in the fries, so different with the regular one and it's abit more greasy, but it's really good. Quicktip: Apparently, they also take vacation about 2 weeks in one day, and this time the day coincides with Valentine's day, so before you go, better check first if they're open that day. If I ever visit Chicago again, I will probably stop by. IN the mean time, I still have to try Wurstkutche to compare these exotic sausages.
