Whenever I'm in a mood for a little Big Easy but can't escape the Big Shoulders, I amble on over to Big Jones. The decor of the restaurant reminds me of New Orleans, somehow. It is a clean, well lit space, and the chairs evoke the wrought iron look of New Orleans for me. It is bright and airy and anchored by a bar that seats, as I recall, around 10. A back patio was added this summer, which is great but a bit of a mixed blessing. It is very small (maybe 10 tables) and poorly lit - we could barely see our entrees. There is also a hint of eau de garbage from the dumpsters next door, which it unpleasant yet not out of place for a restaurant evoking Bourbon Street. Fortunately once we moved away from the fence we did not notice it as much. They really nail New Orleans on brunch. Simply for the privilege of showing up, you receive free beignets, which are doused with powdered sugar and as authentic as those at Cafe du Monde and elsewhere in the Crescent City. The rest of the menu is heavy on ham and grits, as it should be, and I've always been very pleased whenever I have brunch here. The fact that it accepts reservations for brunch is another key element to Big Jones' attraction. Dinner menus vary with the season, but I've always been pleased. There is currently a juicy seared duck on the menu which I highly recommend. The crab cakes are also excellent, full of crab with very little filler.  I've had their steaks here before, as well, and have always been pleased. I can't say that the menu is entirely authentic low country food, but it is quite good. The wine list is small but has some good values, including excellent Rhones and Riojas. The real focus here is on the cocktails, specifically bourbon and rye. The sazerac here is killer, made with just the right amount of absinthe. It is a must have whenever you are here, even (or especially?) at brunch.  Big Jones has been steadily increasing their bourbon and rye selection over the years, and now have a Bourbon Society where you can have a free taste of the bourbon of the month every time you visit, and after you've tried all of their bourbons (which are legion), you are entitled to a complementary dinner for two. What's that? Why yes, I am a member.
