By the time you read this, I may be in prison for murdering my mother. Either involuntary manslaughter or premeditated murder - you be the judge. On a recent Friday, I took my 73-year-old hot dog/pizza loving Michigan residing mother to Hot Doug's. I took her here knowing full well that after her quad bypass a few yrs ago, the last thing her heart dr said to her was "Remember, Jean, the two worst things a heart patient can eat are hot dogs and pizza." So what did I do during her visit? I took her to Palermo's on 95th one night and Hot Doug's 18 hours later. We waited 80 mins in line down the block in 80 degree heat. She never complained - in fact, we bonded. And all the while my vegetarian friends were texting me, "Don't do it! Leave now! Don't get the duck fat fries, either. You are killing your mother." As I am neither Jewish nor Catholic, I do not possess one modicum of guilt. However, as we approached Doug to place our order, I did do one thing he has probably never seen a customer do. As I placed my order, I mouthed the words "duck fat" when ordering the fries, then I pointed at my mom and winked. He got it. My mom loved her Elvis sans her usual ketchup - a Polish sausage "Smoked and savory - just like the King". Thank god she didn't embarrass me by ordering ketchup on it - I had had THAT talk with her in line, about how it is virtually considered illegal to order ketchup on Chicago encased meat. (I think I read Mayor Daley is planning a tax on that soon, also.) I ordered the Laura Leighton - an Irish Banger with Goose Island Honker's Ale Mustard and Irish Harp Cheddar Cheese. Fantastic! I must say, though we scarfed down the duck fat fries in record time and will order again, I didn't think they were that much different than regular fries. No distinguishable taste difference to me but oddly enough the duck fat fries do seem less greasier.  As of this writing, my mother is still alive and still reminding me that every time she comes for a visit, she wants to go back to Hot Doug's. I can't think of a better compliment.
