Food: 4 Service: 3 Atmosphere: 3 Value: 5 I tend to shy away from LEY restaurants because they're a bit too "commercialized" for me. The only problem is that, every time I go, no matter where I go, I like the food. Kudos to the Mellmans for putting out such a great product across various food genres and price points. As for RJ Grunts, I hadn't been there in at least two years but when our friends suggested it for an easy, Tuesday night dinner, it sounded like a good spot. Now I see why "The Original" is still grunting along at a solid pace. A big draw is obviously the salad bar, so my wife and I tried to concoct the perfect scheme whereby she got the salad bar, we split a few things, and saved some money (no we did not attempt to split the salad bar; there are some frugality levels even I won't stoop to). I'm a sucker for a good plate of nachos so when I found out we could substitute veggie chili for treif chili that choice was easy. Throw in a grilled cheese and homemade chips and that, my friends, is a meal (it's really two meals, and enough to make you easily sick, but I do it for my fans; you're welcome) The food all came lightning-quick (as opposed to Deleece-see my review) and looked even better than their menu described. The nachos were plentiful, and the "stuff": chips ratio was spot-on. Crispy chips, melty cheese, smooth guac, mildy spicy salsa, rich chili--all in one bite! As for the grilled cheese, it was equally impressive. 2 slices of cheddar, 2 slices of swiss on texas-toast style bread. The outside was golden brown and the inside was creamy and delicious. Oh, and the homemade chips are worth mentioning, as I dare say they were better than the ones at Bangers and Lace (see my review). They may be a side dish but they could have easily been the star. They were crispy and salty, with just a hint of potato-licious chew. You know that 10 lb bag of potatoes you see at the grocery all the time but never buy because you don't think you'll eat them all? I think that's what they use for one serving. Overall, I would recommend this place to anyone. It's low key, has a huge menu, and priced-right. If quantity and quality were to meet at an intersection, you can bet RJ Grunts would be on the corner. Thankfully, Lincoln Park West and Dickens actually do meet at an intersection, and RJ Grunts IS on the corner! Not much commercialization needed here-its cozy charm and great location will draw you in, and the consistently tasty food will have you coming back.  [Thanks for reading my review and be sure to check out my other reviews on Yelp. My mission is to find restaurants that have great vegetarian, kosher, and vegan fare. On every review, I rate food, service, atmosphere, and value on a 1-5 scale to give you quick and easy overview of the restaurant. I love cooking, eating, and doing both with my friends and family. I always welcome your questions, comments, and suggestions so contact me on Yelp or Facebook if you want to share ideas.]
