Italian food is so-so to me so when I eat Italian food it needs to be fabulous. I live pretty close to Piccolo and I've always been wanting to check this place out so I went with my boyfriend during lunch. Looks: Piccolo is well decorated and I absolutely love their old fashion chandeliers. The tables are well spaced apart so you have your privacy and be intimate with your table. Staff: I was greeted by the front staff when I arrived and when I left the Chef/Owner Tony Priolo was near the door and he thanked us for coming in. Although we did not have one specific waiter, it seemed like we actually had 2-3 different people taking care of us, each one was polite and knew their menu inside and out. Food: For appetizer my boyfriend and I had the Soup of the day which had eggs and veggies (I am terrible with remembering names). This dish was warm, savory, and different. I never had a egg soup taste this good and I was sad face when I finished it. My main entree was "Penne Integrali All' Arrabbiata" which consisted of whole wheat noodles, spicy tomato sauce, and fresh mozzarella. This dish was not spicy which is good, because you don't want your dish too spicy and not be able to concentrate on how yummy it is but yet it had a kick to it. Loved the spices and the fresh mozzies. The dish was plentiful and I ended up taking some home. My boyfriend had the salmon dish which he liked a lot but unfortunately I did not taste it since I am not a huge fan of salmon. But I did eat his broccolini and grape tomatoes and they were delicious! I ate all of his grape tomatoes and I usually hate anything tomatoes. I'm not sure what they did to those tomatoes but they are addicting. For dessert I ended up with the gelato and my boyfriend with the biscotti. I was too full at this point to enjoy my dessert but dessert was sweet and refreshing when I did have those few bites. Overall, this place is a 4/5 and I will definitely come back here. I heard their summer patio is a must so I'll come back then. Until then, CIAO!
