Falling behind ... Fifty/50, what happened to you? This is not at all what I remembered. Yes, it has been a while since I visited, but this last trip almost makes me never need to visit again. I had two boys in tow who really wanted to see the Michigan State game. I personally really wanted to be outside enjoying my sunny Saturday. Ok, compromise. We will head to Fifty/50. They can catch the game and I can sit outside - we all win! Yeah, not so much. We grabbed a table outside. The boys picked their preferred seats to view the game. We ordered a bucket of beers and were pretty excited. Before the beers could arrive the tv was already on the fritz. When I say on the fritz, I mean cutting off randomly. The waitress was friendly and apologized and immediately had it back on. Ok, no biggie. Then I go to grab my beer and reddish/brown water is dripping on my shirt. Ughhh, not cool, now I have to walk around for the remainder of the day with rust water on my clothes. Maybe the metal buckets should have a plastic liner? Just a thought. Not even two swigs into my beer and the tv is off again. This time the boys are becoming annoyed. Unfortunately, we had already put in our food order. The tv continues to cut off numerous times. Finally, one of the other tables offers to man the control. He is a little more attentive considering he was also trying to watch the game. The food is finally brought out. My husbands order was completely wrong. The runner sat it down and my husband said, "This isn't mine". The waitress immediately comes over and says, "Yeah, that's what you ordered." My husband, lactose intolerant, is staring at this burger loaded with cole slaw and cheese and says "No, the burger I ordered had bacon, bbq and onion rings". The annoying part is she made him point to the one that he wanted on the menu, because they have two burgers with the same name. It still came out wrong. The tv has been turning off a million times at this point. The food wasn't right and the beers are dripping rust. Not a good situation. My buddy and I had finished our meals by the time my husband got his new burger. We decided to get our check. There wasn't anything deducted for the wrong meal. We weren't expecting a free meal, but seriously do something to make up for this mess. If you know, that one of your two outdoor tvs is on the fritz - simply tell your guest that it's not working and leave it off. Just a thought.
