It seems to me that many bartenders have forgotten how to make a proper drink. No I am not talking about fru fru red headed slut shots or the occasional mai tai, I am talking about cocktails that take you back to when whiskey was the star.  Greeted by a minimalist, grey exterior with nothing to signify that this is a bar or restaurant other than the words, Eat, Sleep, Whiskey and a sign hanging with nothing more than an "&."  The place is rather charming when you walk in. Dark woods, a long bench style booth along one wall. Bar seating along the other side, and a small kitchen. Just goes to show, you don't need to be pretentious for wonderful food and drink. We started off with the roasted marrow bones, red onion jam, sea salt and sourdough croutons. The marrow was wonderfully executed. The texture was creamy and delicious and the red onion on top added a bit of acidity as it tasted like if they were pickled. The croutons weren't really croutons like you think go on a salad, more like toasted slices, but perfect to smother all the marrow goodness. We next got the seared Maine scallop. I have said it before and I will say it again, nothing is better than a perfectly cooked scallop. It was served on top of a creamed corn type mixture with some jalapenos it looked like. The scallop was perfectly cooked. Seared on top to give it a bit of crunch, however inside was soft, moist, and delicious.  To wash it down I started off with an Old Fashion. I have had old fashions at a lot of different places. Some like to add too much ice, some like to serve the orange rine in the glass, this place kept it super simple. Two perfectly cubed ice cubes (which the server said is actually pretty hard to do) with all the flavors of the bitters, orange, and whiskey blended in. No rine in this drink. Well done! For the main course I had the River Sturgeon with some sausage. Awesome! It was grilled, and tasted almost like swordfish. It was served in a roasted bell pepper type of sauce that added some spice. Overall it was a very savory filling dish for being seafood. Enough so that I enjoyed a nice glass of Portuguese red wine alongside it.  My girlfriend had the monk fish. Also very well done. Hers tasted lighter than my fish. Both fish were on the mild side.  Overall this was a great experience. The service was great as well, and our server was very knowledgeable and had a great mustache to boot. Gastro pubs definitely seem to be popping up more and more and I couldn't be happier.
