I took my meat and potato-loving husband here for his birthday last weekend. Overall, we had a great dinner but just a couple of glitches that kept it from being a 5 star review. Our server (forgot his name-sorry dude) was great. Attentive enough to make sure that we had what we needed but not so intrusive as to be bothersome.  We opted to forgo an appetizer knowing we'd be getting dessert later and didn't think we'd be able to eat all that food. My husband had the pepper steak and I had the bone in filet. Both were cooked perfectly and were all around great pieces of meat, though I must say, I think I liked the pepper steak a little better - the pepper crust on top just gave it a little more flavor. My problem at steak houses is that I just can't eat very much meat so I always end up getting a filet because it's usually the smallest option (yes, I know I can take it home but it's never as good).  We split the crab gnocchi and brussels spouts for our side dishes. The gnocchi were awesome. I generally hate cream sauces and consider fettuccine alfredo to be right up there with limberger cheese as something I wouldn't eat even if the only other option was starvation. Apparently if you put asiago cheese, truffle oil and crab meat in it, I enjoy cream sauce a whole lot more. Next time, I'd honestly consider ordering the full portion for my meal they were that good. My husband and I fall into the .2% of people who actually like brussels sprouts and these were no exception (though they were quite stinky when we brought them home).  The few glitches: glitch #1- I ordered an elderflower martini and I'm fairly certain I got a lemon drop martini. Either that or the citrus vodka in there was so overpowering that I couldn't taste elderflower liquor or the gin that the menu claimed were in there. The martini portion was huge but because I didn't want a lemon drop martini, I ended up not drinking very much of it. Glitch #2 - I had called in advance to tell them that it was my husband's birthday. I asked if they did anything for birthdays and they said that they bring out dessert, so I asked if they could bring out something non-chocolate because my husband can't eat it. We ordered the butter cake (swoon) and when they brought out the butter cake, they also brought out a piece of chocolate cake. Our waiter said the chocolate cake was on him for my husband's birthday. While the gesture was appreciated, after a huge steak dinner, we could barely handle one, let alone two, desserts. If you're going to comp a dessert, why not comp what we actually ordered instead of bringing us something we didn't want? I'm also little upset that no one paid attention to my request for no chocolate. Thee butter cake was to die for - I don't even want to know how many hours I should have spent at the gym Saturday morning to make up for it. The chocolate cake (which we took home) was only okay. I know I ate it a day or so later but it wasn't really worth the calories (I hate it when food does that to me).  Overall, worthy of 4 stars...not quite 5 star level due to a few snafus.
