I was blown away by my trip to Glenn's last night for dinner. I was quite the skeptic thinking that a place could be this popular/well rated for serving *fresh* seafood in the Midwest. Needless to say, I gave into all of the recommendations and four to five star reviews on Yelp and gave it a try. Here are some things to note if you're going to venture to Glenn's: 1) ABSOLUTELY make a reservation. We tried to come here a few times over the last few weeks and faced a rather long wait. There was a constant stream of people waiting for a table when I was here on a Saturday, so do yourself a favor and make a reservation. 2) Limited beer/wine menu, but not bad. In my opinion it's better than paying their rather steep corkage fee for BYOB. Please note that you can't enjoy your BYOB beverages outside for some reason. 3) It's pretty pricey, after tax and tip for two people it was about $90. Alrighty, that being said, here's a breakdown of what we ordered: Appetizer: Crabcake--this was outstanding. Again, I was very skeptical when we ordered the $9 crabcake. It was rather small, but absolutely worth it. It was simple, meaning that it literally was just crab meat and spices, but I enjoyed being able to taste/experience the crab and not have it bogged down with fillers. My boyfriend and I took several tiny savory bites and it was over far too soon. Although it seems expensive, it was quality and I would order it again. Entrees: 1) Scallops: These were served in a sherry cream sauce with mushrooms and were a nice buttery non-gritty texture that ensures quality seafood. For $23 we received six scallops that were delicious. These didn't have the tell-tale flash frozen/old "fishy seafood" aroma that so many restaurants try to mask and fail at. It was incredibly fresh and rich, and I'm still drooling at the thought of them. Highly recommended. 2) The red snapper: Fan freaking tastic. It was well seasoned and had a great tomato based cream sauce on top of the fish. This didn't "cover up" the taste of the fish like so many restaurants seem to do... it greatly accentuated the flavor and made me a fan of snapper. There isn't much more to say about this dish than incredible. Both of the seafood dishes were served with properly steamed broccoli and five or six small potatoes. I liked how there wasn't a carb over-kill in regards to the sides. I was full and satisfied. Although, that being said, we absolutely had to try a dessert here. We chose the key lime pie, which was about a quarter of a large pie. We inhaled this pie in about a minute--it was that good. Each bite was sickly sweet followed by a punch in the mouth of sour lime, the proper way a key lime pie should be. It was nestled in a graham cracker crust and topped with a hearty amount of whipped cream. Hell, I would come here for a slice of that pie on its own... and I'd probably wait in line 1-2 hours for it. Yes, it's that good, and yes, you should get it. The only reason I knocked off a star is due to the staff. Our waiter was nice, but they seemed to have a surplus of bus boys/runners/etc and were still running incredibly slow when it came to refills, service, and running the check. They just don't seem to have this down, but with such a high demand for their food maybe they just don't care. Outside of that one issue, it's definitely worth a visit. I can't wait to come back and try their brunch menu.
