Okay, I've been here three times for lunch. Every single time, I've been confused whether I should take a seat or go to the little deli counter to order. Upon reading other reviews, I guess there's supposed to be a lunch line before 2 pm and sit down for a waiter afterwards? I'm still confused. The first time, I sat down and received excellent service from a waitress whose name I don't remember (she wasn't working there this time). My second time, I sat down to be served and the guy at the counter told me to order my food at the deli area and then sit down (no biggie, I guess). Friday, I came to Artopolis for lunch and went straight to the deli counter. The guy told me to take a seat and wait for a waiter. The hostess/waitress (?) did not even explain any of this and pretty much ignored me when I walked in. The layout features a dining area, bakery, deli/to-go counter and bar all in one open space, so the dining "rules" are confusing and can be easily addressed, but I digress... The ambience seemed nice and chill at first (my waiter served a table not too far from me with excellent service), but soon enough I felt a tense vibe. I ordered the Mediterranean salad with smoked salmon. The salmon had an excellent flavor, it tasted almost like sashimi with a hint of smokiness. After ordering, I proceeded to the bathroom. When I returned, the salad was on my table...but missing the bread. I tried to flag down the waiter, but he seemed to be busy with other customers as well as other waitresses (hey, flirt after work!). Ok, no big deal, I can wait. However, the hostess/waitress saw me trying to grab my waiter's attention and approached me to ask if I needed anything (with a cross look on her face). I told her I did not receive a bread basket and would like some. She said no problem, but had this PO'd look on her face as if it *were* a problem. I mean, all you have to do is go behind the deli and grab a bread basket..it's nothing to get all pissed over. However, she seemed to have reprimanded my waiter behind the counter; afterwards, he was more attentive. After I finished my salad and bread, I almost ordered a double shot but my waiter recommended something lighter since it was quite humid that day, so I settled for a cappuccino fredo, which was an excellent iced coffee and asked about a couple of desserts (seriously, like TWO desserts) before asking about the kataifa (phyllo dessert similar to baklava). He seemed to have been annoyed at that point and said it is what the description described it to be. Hey, no need for the attitude, Mister! Anyway, I ordered the kataifa and ate about 1/3 of it before asking for a box (I can never finish a full Greek pastry dessert like baklava...too dense). He said "is there anything else you need or want to know about?" as if I'd been a problematic customer, and that totally blew me away. Of course, I just smiled and said "No thank you, just the check, please". However, I totally felt like I didn't deserve that attitude. Hey, I didn't even mind that he forgot my bread or was flirting with that chick in the beginning, but seriously, a few questions about desserts ticks you off? Take a chill pill, man! I must say, the woman behind the bakery section was much sweeter than the other waiters/tresses and asked if I enjoyed my meal/desserts when I asked for a bag (no sense in asking for a bag from Mr. You're-a-needy-customer). One extra star for her service with a smile. Overall, the food was great for lunch. Prices were okay for the food portions. Service for the most part without a smile, and too many rules for lunch. I may or may not return to get something to go. They *do* have a wider selection of pastries and quick lunches to go compared to Pan Hellenic Pastry Shop a few stores down. HOWEVER, I refuse to pay extra $$ for terrible dining service.
