Charred to wonderful perfection meats o'plenty being delivered at will to your table? A salad bar with prosciutto, fresh chimichurri, reggiano straight from the block, and lobster bisque? An aerial acrobat just to theatrically and entertainingly get your bottle of wine?  o jeitinho brasileiro!!! They are "doing the most" and I love it! I'll be honest. I've never wanted to visit Brazil. Drop dead gorgeous women with amazing bodies everywhere making me feel like an ogre is not my vacation of choice. :-/ But the sheer extraness of this place piques my interest in what visiting the country may be like. Kara K. and I came here to partake in the hype that is the churrascaria. From the street, the place doesn't look like much. I've been fooled by dazzling internet pics before and didn't set my expectations high. However, upon entering I was immediately impressed with the wide open entry that had plenty of comfortable (and stylish) seating for any patrons that may need to wait. I have never, I say never, been to a restaurant that puts that much seating or thought into their waiting area. That alone says a lot to me about how much they care for their potential patrons. The interior is wonderful and really sets the tone for the meal. After being told how things work, we set our sights on the salad bar. Can it even be called a salad bar?? It's so so much more than that. A wonderful antipasto display. Grilled portabello, big pieces of bacon instead of bits, a selection of olive oils, goat cheese terraine, roasted artichoke. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . sorry, I started daydreaming about it all again. See, now I read reviews of these type of places before and had laid out a plan of attack a couple days in advance. I ate a little bit earlier in the day and got my only other calories from green tea until it was time for dinner. This way, I was more than able to properly pace myself. I know. Brilliant, right? Oh, you flatter me! A flip of the coin and your table becomes a stop on the meat train. My faves: garlic steak, something sausage, bacon wrapped filet mignon, filet mignon, and lamb chop/shank/I'm not sure. I know what they all look like when they come out and THAT'S what matters. I like the mashed potatoes and [pan] fried banana they put on the table for you to cleanse your palettes when moving on to another meat even though I was just eating it to eat it. The little cheese bread nuggets they give you are great too. What I wasn't thrilled with though, was my caiprihina. I can't really pinpoint what was off about it to me, but it didn't excite me. While I think the very attentive service is super, it can be a little intruding at times. When we were all done but having an involved conversation, our waiter made a deal of cleaning off the crumbs from our table. Thoroughly. I think gauging what's going on at a table beforehand should be incorporated into their service as well. In spite of those things, I felt overall this place was spectacular. We went on a Monday night which was pretty slow as one would expect, so I would like to see if I would still feel the same way on a bustling Friday night. I'll be back!
