Ah. I feel like myself out of all people needs to be reviewing this place. A friend girl told me about this place forever ago (like...5 years ago?) and I went there with one of my friends. I remember loving it upon first riding that escalator up to the dining heavens. The decor rocks, they have a few different areas upstairs. My favourite one is the circle room with the panoramic window view and the sweet chandelier. Or I like being in the room where you can overlook Michigan Ave. This is a good place to come to eat if you're one of those people that like to watch the festival of lights. If you get here early enough (THEY DONT TAKE RESERVATIONS) you can snag a sweet spot upstairs for the parade. So what I didn't know about this place until after my 15th visit or so was that it was practically a Cheesecake Factory (in which I had never been before so I had no room to compare). Cheesecake Factory to me is OK. I feel the like the location I've been to is such a family kind of atmosphere and I kind of hate that. So after I saw the comparisons and menu and decor I was like "aw mannn" It kind of took away from the unique-ness of my Grand Lux. I want you to know this though; if there is one place that is always consistent and can please everyone, it's probably this one. The fact that this place is surrounded by amazing shops and a phenomenal buzz of energy always makes this place feel more swanky than it is. The menu definitely has something for everyone and the desserts are TO DIE FOR. If you have any hint of a brain you will pre-order your apple pie to be baked especially for you- it has never disappointed ANYONE. I have brought almost everyone I know here for a meal and no one has ever been unsatisfied. The portions are huge, but reasonably priced. They do Breakfast, Lunch, & Dinner and have some specials that run through 5pm. Again, it needs to be noted- THEY DONT TAKE RESERVATIONS. If you're going to go there at 6pm on a Saturday, expect to be parked on the stairs for a good hour. It will be worth it. It always goes faster than you think and the dining area is huge. Also, some good people hang out on those stairs! Ive met some good people while waiting. Order anything--you probably won't be disappointed.
