Absolutely beautiful hotel-- probably the nicest I've ever stayed in. I live in Chicago, but my friend and I went there for a ladies get away in the loop, and it was a fantastic time. The lobby and rooms are impeccably decorated: warm and inviting yet still sleek, modern and colorful. The sparkly marble floors in the room are a stand out. The shower and bath area is beautiful, and the rain showerhead is incredibly relaxing and upscale from most hotels I've stayed in. The beds are super comfortable and warm. Our room had a balcony, which was fantastic, even thought it was winter and we didn't get to use them. We used the indoor pool, workout facility and spa which were all great. Though, be prepared to share with residents of the rentals and condos. The TV was great, though I'm not a big tv person, so we didn't use it too much. I would love to give the hotel the four five stars, but there are still a few things I thought were missing, for such an upscale hotel, and those are: - Better coffee. The room includes a pod coffepot and tea and coffee pods. But, the coffee wasn't as good or as strong as I like, and I was disappointed that there was not a coffee bar or Starbucks in the facility. On a cold morning, it's a long walk to Michigan Ave. - Better toiletries. I've stayed in hotels that are not as nice as this one that used Aveda products. They weren't bad...but they could have been better. - The bathroom doesn't have a fan or a proper door. You can hear everything coming from there, even peoples feet slipping in the shower, etc. Seems like something they shouldn't have missed. If you are on the right side of the room too, you can see people undressing through the crack between the door and the wall - The restaurant did not interest me. It was too pricey for every day, and there weren't enough vegetarian/vegan friendly options for my friend, who is vegan. - As a Chicago resident, the hotel could do a better job of informing guests of ALL the options for food and entertainment. They do not list any theatre besides Second City, and when we called the concierge to ask what nearby restaurants that deliver to the hotel, they didn't have many options or any menu books available. It seems like they really want you to eat at Fellini, but with the fact that a bowl of oatmeal costs $12, it can get kind of pricey, especially if you want to do some serious shopping. - Also, the pillows were a little too soft.  I'm pretty picky, though, so that's why I'm so discriminating. :) All in all it was wonderful-- maybe bring your own pillow and toiletries, and prepare to go out to get coffee if you like it strong.
