Dinner Date: What do you think? Myself:  ::shrug:: Myself: How's yours? Dinner date:  ::shrug:: Sunda was a total disappointment, so much so that I'm compelled to write a review for the first time in a year! Tossing around a few places while walking through the north loop last night, a friend and I decided that Sunda's Asian fusion offerings would hit the spot. We sat outside and started things off with a sufficient enough brandy cocktail called the "Buddha's Nightcap". It was very close in taste to a Sidecar, but again nothing spectacular. We're lucky that we got to finish them on account of the wobbly table. I had to keep my foot pressed down on one of the legs throughout the meal to keep our drinks in their glasses! To the left of us a couple from out of state who asked us a few questions about the place, which we affirmed was out first visit. (More about them later) After pondering the menu for some time we decided on two Starters (Devils Basket, Japanese Oxtail Pot stickers) and a Noodle dish (Shrimp Lo Mein) to share. Annoyingly enough the Lo Mein came out first, and was quickly followed by both appetizers. It was a brisk night and our table was on the quant side, thus we felt overwhelmed and most of the food got cold before we could try it, a little pacing would have made a world of difference. First off the Pot stickers really had NO flavor; they were described as having a wasabi cream... never even tasted a hit of it. The presentation was rather sloppy and the filling had NO texture or layering, tasting like conservatively salted pot roast. The Devils Basket was by far the BIGGEST Disappointment of the night. I think Sunda needs to rework the descriptions in their menu because both my friend and I thought something COMPLETEY different was coming out. This dish consisted of a small cauldron filled with luke-warm dried red chilies and three pieces of fried? Soft shell crab. First of all after seeing this presentation our thoughts were, YES finally some spice... Much to our dismay the crab tasted like overly deep fried calamari. The only flavor was the grease. This leads me to believe that the red chilies were tossed in afterward, not really incorporating the two ingredience. Lastly the Shrimp Lo Mein, while the best of the three, only really saved us because of it filling noodle nature, otherwise we could have ordered Pad Thai from any number of places for $8 and have been just as happy! At this point we are pretty peeved. Considering this was going to be close to a $70 early evening snack. This is when the said neighboring couple asked the waitress for recommendations on other restaurants in the area. Before we knew it they were gone, leaving a sad, half eaten roll on their empty table! Maybe we should have done the same! To the Managers credit they DID take the Devils Basket off out bill, after we complained. Overall the esthetic of this place is BEAUTIFUL but the service and most importantly the menu are certainly NOT living up!
