So I took a trip with a college buddy of mine to Chicago a couple of weeks ago to explore the place they call the windy city. It was a week chock full of food, fun, and...fulfillment? Anyway, I'm glad I went. This was our first stop for food in Chicago. I was looking forward to digging into a true Chicago-style deep dish pizza after having some deep dish a week before in SF. I used to love eating deep dish pizza when I would go to the downtown Uno's years ago, but the place has closed down since and the closest one now is not exactly close.  We had to wait for just a bit downstairs before we were seated upstairs. That gave us a little time to check the interior out. The dim lighting set a certain vibe and the entire place was totally decked out with people's writings on the walls, mainly of names and dates. We went with a standard medium sausage pizza. They called it their world famous sausage, so we had to go for that. It was either patty or crumbled, and we went with patty because the waitress said this was the only place to have it like that.  The wait was almost an hour for the pizza, which is expected, I guess. So we ordered garlic sticks to help tide us over and they were really generous with the portions! I think it was more of an appetizer for 3 or 4 people. It was mighty tasty and the sauce was good. So after the appetizer, we waited for what felt like awhile. I forgot how we passed the time, but the pizza eventually came and it looked delicious. Time for the first slice. Mmmmm mmmm good. This is great! Just as I imagined it, I think. I can eat this forever... ...End of first slice. Uh-oh. I'm getting full. And there are still 2 slices left for me! Why did we get a medium? Let me tell you, the second slice was extremely tough to finish and I think it kind of ruined the impression I had on the pizza. The worst was the third slice: eaten cold around midnight up in the hotel room. Ewwwwww. Maybe this place deserves more than 3 stars. I think we should've gotten different toppings because the patty was too much sausage. It was like another layer of cheese, except it's sausage, not cheese. The sauce was great though and the thick crust is always nice. If I had the chance, I'll probably go here again to try another deep dish pizza.
