Let me just start with this - take public trans or a cab; there is virtually no parking close by, although they do validate at the Michigan and Ohio garage & one other (which is not indicated anywhere, let alone their website). Sooooo, now that I got that off my chest, let's get this party started, right? Crowded. Very intensely, shoulder-to-shoulder, front-to-ass, sardines-have-more-room, crowded. The rub: we got there at 8:30PM. Well past the dinner rush, unless you live in Spain or anywhere in Europe. And, you can either stand and wait in an approximately 2 ft X 2 ft sq patch of space next to the "hostess stand", or, when the weather is nicer, outside. Don't bother trying to "wait" at the bar; far too many patrons who are having their supper there; getting a drink amongst the masses is an exercise in patience, balance & tightrope walking.  However, contrary to many of the reviews posted here, the waitstaff, the hostess & the GM are very pleasant, quite helpful, & eager to get you seated. Note: For those of you who prefer a semi-private table, do NOT go to Purple Pig. This is a communal establishment, ad nauseum. So communal in fact that the runner wasn't sure to whom the food he was running was supposed to go to at our spot as the couple across from us was no more than 11 inches away AND my dinner company exchanged cell phone information with that same couple.  The interior is, well, the interior. It's decorated. I've nothing negative nor positive to say. They have an interior.  Onto the food. Definitely ask about any new plates; menus taped to the overhead light fixtures are not updated with the newest offerings. IF you have a question about a term or an item, next to the overhead menu, taped right next to it in fact, is a glossary. Look here first before asking your server, as they may be taking your order from across the table due to the cramped quarters; you don't want to look like a food-virgin asking what exactly "jamon" means.  We had the following: Salt-roasted Beets with Whipped Goat Cheese & Pistachio Vinaigrette. My thoughts - this was a nice starter to share. Good amount of rough cut beets, tender and beet-y. For those of you scared of goat cheese, the goat cheese on this is not as goat-y as one would expect. It's more like a hearty cream cheese. My dinner company (she was NOT a date) especially liked this. Butternut Squash with Pumpkin Seeds, Brown Butter & Ricotta Salata. My thoughts: I especially liked this. The squash was cut in small-ish (about 1/2 inch cubes), was roasted, & presented more like sweet potato fries. The brown butter, which I recommend you toss the dish in before eating it as it just pooled at the bottom of the bowl, was fantastic. Buttery. Lemony. Roast-y. Yummy. The pumpkin seeds added a nice texture. What the heck is salata (I did NOT check the glossary)? Winter Squash & Goat Cheese Arancini with Sage Pesto. My thoughts: Again, my date (okay, I called her a date....sue me) especially liked this. The sage pesto is unique; sage-y and garlicky. perfectly fried. Yes, the goat cheese is not goat-y, but lends a nice creamy texture against the crunchiness. There was winter squash in there? Prosciutto Bread Balls. My thoughts: I loved this dish. I thought there was going to be chunks of prosciutto, but, I was wrong. There was a meaty taste from the prosciutto throughout each ball. Could've used a bit more red gravy, but, that may have been overkill. Octopus with acini di pepe & Swiss Chard. My thoughts: Probably the most tender octopus dish I have ever eaten. Two tentacled arms, with the skin removed (which I appreciated, as that can be tough), the octopus was meaty, hearty & almost had the consistency of moist chicken breast. The "acini di pepe" (again, should've checked the glossary. A fail on my part) was a nice complement -- looked like cous cous, and the Swiss chard lent a nice bitter component to the sweetness of the octo-meat. Prawns a la Plancha. My thoughts: My favorite dish of the evening. Eat these prawns whole people, shell and all. You will not regret it. And, have one of the little fried garlic chips while crunching on a piece of the prawn. Fresh fresh tasting prawns (no, not the kind from District 9), briny not fishy, and the heads held so much shrimp-y flavor. Lovely, just lovely. I will definitely order this again.  Desserts -- we had something referred to as a "something something lily", which was essentially a fried brioche filled with ricotta cheese and dark chocolate chips. This was a dessert worth getting again, but "chips" should mean more than 2. Pass on the farro with pudding with chocolate sauce. Oddly enough, they do not have tea. It's unfortunate that they don't provide bread with any of the dishes, as I would've like to use it to transport some of the sauces & oils from the dishes to my mouth. There is bread with a few of the dishes, but not separate & not offered.
