I ate at Tru a few months ago, but Yelp was acting really flaky and ate 2 of my previous attempts to review, so let's hope a) Yelp is fixing their technical issues and b) this review gets posted and not minced up by their web servers. The service was quite nice and the pacing was perfect. The only thing I might mention as being not quite what I expected was when I asked the guy with the cheese cart about a lapel pin he was wearing, I expected something along the lines of a two sentence answer, but got about a five minute description on how certification for sommeliers works. It was interesting, but I really just wanted the two sentence answer and to go back to eating my cheeses. Food-wise, I enjoyed all the dishes. They bought out a little Comte cheese gougene, which was nice but not too exciting. This was followed by a fennel panna cotta with bonito, which I really liked a lot. Next was white sturgeon "caviar," avocado puree and hazelnut. I'd recently gotten tools to do food "spherification," so it was cool to see a good restaurant to it for comparison to my own efforts. The linear foie gras with blackberry ice wine vinegar and caramelized popcorn wasn't really to my taste. I feel like vinegar is a little too pungent to really be appropriate for foie gras, but it was an interesting experiment nonetheless. An heirloom tomato "salad" with white tomato mousse followed. I put salad in quotes because it was really more like a soup or almost even a granita it was so chilled. I love gazpacho, though, so I loved this dish. Next, the braised Duroc pork belly with illuminated vegetables was delicious. The fresh farm ricotta and corn agnolotti with summer truffle consomme had a lot of flavor and was quite luxurious. As a fish course, the Alaskan halibut with gingered young carrot was one of the most perfectly cooked pieces of fish I've ever had. It was so spot on. The "main course," if there can be such a thing among so many courses, was a glazed veal ribeye with spring garlic, asparagus, and wild mushroom. It was quite nice, with really great umami flavors. They offered a nice selection of cow, goat and sheep's milk cheeses, followed by a strawberry consomme with rhubarb foam. My dish only had the rhubarb foam, but it was still nice. The final actual course was a Grand Marnier poached peach with honey and vanilla ice cream. This was expertly prepared, if bordering on boring because everything was just kind of soft, sweet goodness. Finally, they offer an array of mignardises as a final bit of sweetness. I would go back to Tru. It does require a jacket, however it doesn't come across as overly stuffy or pretentious. The food is expertly executed and I think any dislike I had with food items simply boiled down to my personal taste and not any misstep on the part of the chefs. The evening overall went really well from the moment we stepped inside, to the moment they handed us a little cornbread/jam muffin for the next morning as we left.
