Having heard that Doug's frequently generates a 1-2 hour line shortly after opening we decided to check out the hot dog scene first - arriving at 11:00am (only 30 minutes after opening) this proved to be a good call as the line was already 30 persons deep (a far cry from the 60+ waiting when we left.) Waiting in line all we heard was locals discussing how it was "totally worth it" and raving about previous experiences with Doug's specialty encased meats and (Friday and Saturday only) Duck Fat Fries. Chatting with the friendly crowd our 45 minute wait brushed by and we soon found ourselves standing in front of the big board of common and not-so-common choices. Kitschy dcor aplenty and Doug himself managing the register we approached and placed our orders - each of which was "approved" by Doug who, despite the lines, was personable and pleasant telling us about some of his button collection and making suggestions on whether each choice should be fried or broiled - heck, he didn't even laugh at my mother's request for a "plain hotdog" - but I certainly did. Taking our seats and listening to the radio we filled our sodas and waited about 10 minutes before our orders arrived. Starting first with my aunt's and mother's boring orders - namely a plain hotdog and duck fat fries for my mother and an Elvis (Polish Sausage with tomato and onion) for my aunt. Additionally ordered by my aunt as a more adventurous option was the Teuben of Corned Beef Sausage with Russian Dressing, Saurkraut, Swiss Cheese. As I do not consume beef I did not taste any of these options but all three were noted to be "awesome" by the ladies and the duck fat fries were quite good with their crispy exterior giving way to a soft and fluffy center - while not as good as Michael Mina's signature fries I think this was likely more due to the lack of designer ketchups than the actual fries. The next duo of dogs, ordered by my sister - an absolute hater of hotdogs in general and a naysayer walking into the experience - was the Spicy Thai Chicken Sausage with Thai Peanut Sauce and Toasted Coconut and the Saucisson Alsacienne of Bacon Sausage with Creme Fraiche, Caramelized Onions, Double Cream Brie. First digging into the Thai option both my sister and myself were very impressed by the subtle nuances encased in the meat - namely a great degree of heat that was tempered well by the creaminess of the peanut butter and coconut fats. While not exactly "authentic Thai" or an "authentic hotdog," I liked the encased meat more than either.  The second selection, entitled a bacon sausage was decidedly more fatty than the chicken sausage and reminded me more of jowl bacon or porkbelly than a true piece of bacon. Akin to Chang's pork buns at Momofuku in texture the fatty pork's saltiness paired well with the sour crme fraiche while the savory and pungent onions proved an excellent foil to the sweet and hearty helping of brie.  While my sister wasn't particularly thrilled with the texture of this option, I found it to be quite excellent and gladly helped her out with finishing the dog. For my options, two dogs were selected - namely the Foie Gras and Sauternes Duck Sausage with Truffle Aioli, Foie Gras Mousse, Sel Gris and the Smoked Shrimp and Pork Sausage with Cajun Remoulade and Goat Cheese. Beginning with the Shrimp/Pork option I was instantly struck by the impressive manner in which the pig and the shrimp worked together - smoky and well blended in texture the dish was further enhanced by the remoulade and hefty helping of goat cheese which created an almost gumbo flavor with a bit of heat and a whole lot of savory saltiness.  The final item - the piece de resistance for myself - was indeed the Foie Dog; not since The Bazaar's Foie Cotton Candy with Corn Nuts had I seen a more obscure way to use the most decadent of all foods. Presented as a sizable piece of terrine atop a sublime duck sausage with the classical flavors of sauternes built right in the dish was put even further over the top by the addition of crunchy grey salt and a creamy and aromatic truffle cream aioli. At $9 the sausage certainly wasn't cheap, but it was oh-so-worth it. With tax, tip, and drinks the family ended up walking out of Doug's full, happy, and smiling for less than $15 a person - something I don't think we ever expected from "a hotdog joint." Kitschy dcor (check out the bathrooms,) an incredible down-to-earth owner, and top notch food. Having waited in lines for other "hype" restaurants in many other cities I can definitely say Hot Doug's lives up to the substantial hype. Perhaps the two best words in the English language are indeed "Encased meats" - provided those meats are of the quality of Doug's!
