At the end of May, I was heading out to Chicago for a business trip. Of course, my first intention was to nab a ressie at Alinea, but to no avail! What to do? I was meeting up with a good friend, who was also inviting a few guests. So, I wanted some place that would wow me, some place celebratory and memorable! Next on my checklist, was Tru. In addition to Alinea and Frontera, this was a restaurant I've been wanting to try when, and if I was ever in the Chicago area.  It was around 8pm Friday night, and my friend arrived at the same time with his guest and her friend. Just a little FYI, this restaurant was very well hidden. I had to circle the area a few times before i finally found it.  Upon stepping into the restaurant, we were kindly greeted by the staff and escorted into the waiting area, where we had a few glasses of wine. Gentlemen, unfortunately, this is another one of those 'jacket required' establishments, so be prepared! After about 15 minutes, we were taken to our seats. The dining room was very large and spacious.  The atmosphere, although simple and modern, was quite refined and stately. Hanging artwork and sculpture could be seen displayed throughout the restaurant, as well, which gave it an almost "contemporary gallery" type feel. As we glanced through our menus, we all agreed to go with the prix fixe menu with choices of entrees, and i must say, the presentation was spectacular. Each plate that came out was literally like artwork! The plating was both delicate and delectable. With that said, the service was also flawless! The staff handled our table from start to finish with the utmost perfection. In fact,we marveled over the virtually effortless changing of plates and utensils between each individual course. These people were very well trained and skilled in their craft. As soon as our table cloth became slightly soiled, a clean napkin cloth was conveniently placed over the soiled spot. The ladies were escorted to the restroom and seats were pulled out as soon as they returned. As we left, we were cordially given a fond farewell by the staff and given charming little financiers for our trip home. Nice touch! Overall, service was definitely 5 star! I can't say i've had better service anywhere else! Unfortunately, I'd have to say food was more like 3-4. The food was executed beautifully, but for me, with the exception of the deliciously smooth and flavorful beef tartare, there wasn't anything particularly memorable that made the meal spectacular. I would say, if you're searching for a quiet romantic setting that will wow your date with service and ambiance, then this is your place. But, if you're looking for a mind-blowing meal, this may not necessarily fit the bill. Happy Eats!
