Alinea is a high cuisine molecular gastronomy restaurant, so if you order soup it could come freeze dried or in a cube. This was my first experience of eating at a molecular gastronomy restaurant so I was very interested to see how the food was prepared and how it tasted and none of it is what I expected. You might as well throw out every idea of a normal idea of going to a restaurant. It's location, near the Steppenwolf theatre is in a nice area of the city, it's formal attire, and of course, the only shirt I brought with me to Chicago doesn't close at the neck, but as it's a fancy shirt I get away with the tie and unbuttoned neckline. All staff are finely dressed and we were seated at a black wooden table with very comfy upholstered chairs. There is a pumpkin in the middle of the table. We were told we weren't getting a menu until after the meal. So there was no "I'll have the fish" you don't order here, you get what your given. After a quick check that none of us have any allergies the meal arrives in 3 hours (yes 3 hours!) worth of molecular constructed courses. After drinks orders we are told that the first course is already in front of us, the waiter lifts up the pumpkin and underneath is our first course, an amuse bouche of pumpkin, curry sage and coconut. After this we get a wooden block full of seaweed with 4 sea shell on top all with different things. We are told the recommended order in which to eat them and also that all should be taken in one bite. Over the course of the next 3 hours many different dishes in different formats arrive, so much that I can't in my semi jet-lagged state can hardly keep up with (and this review would go on forever!!). At one point a glass chemical pot is placed in the middle of the table and a Bunsen burner placed underneath, we are told by the waiter he's not allowed say anymore. The water at the bottle of the jar is boiled and goes up a tube to the top of the jar which has a a variety of vegetables. The water suddenly drops down to the bottom jar and this is repeated while we dine on other courses. Eventually we are given a tofu scallop and the waiter takes out the bottom jar and pours it on the tofu, this is the broth for the dish. There is a "hands free" dish which is set on the top of an antenna you suck off, some fried pigeon on the bottom of a branch with the leaves a little burnt to give an Autumn aroma, red cabbage leaves are left sitting in the middle of the table, very unappetising looking, as the waiter says "looks like a sliced section of a brain." This eventually turns out to be the cabbage leaf in which other components are wrapped in. A mushroom dish was brought out on a pillow which had a scent of pine to give the feel of being in the woods. One dish came on a assortment of forks and spoons designed into the shape of a leaf on the table, and you ate one fork/spoon at the time. One you suck out of a test-tube which surprises us all by bolting into our mouths. The finale though, was something else. We were given yuzu in a metal cone the texture of snow to clean our palettes. A dish of squares on a plate was the first dessert course. We are encouraged the mix and match the squares. One square is pear, another balsamic vinegar, I think there was an olive in there somewhere. Then the waiters come out and put a tablecloth down. A jar with liquid nitrogen is brought our and a chocolate dome and 3 dishes of sauces. Two of the chefs come out and start saucing the tablecloth. The liquid nitrogen is poured into the chocolate domes and the chefs smash the domes in the middle of the table. Inside there's butternut squash, pumpkin, cotton candy and god knows what else. You mix with the sauces. The taste of the food in general was exquisite, some better than others. Some to me just tasted chemically. Others like the pigeon and the dessert, were astounding. And it's not just about the food at Alinea. It's a show, it's a performance with food as the main character. This is cuisine on the edge. If you are starving and need a good satisfying dinner get yourself a steak somewhere, but if you want a completely unique dining experience this place is an experience. I won't mention the bill as I wasn't the one paying, but the cost of a meal for 4 was substantial.
