It is funny, I did not appriciate this hotel as much until I stayed at a few other places. I originally thought it was small rooms and that was about it... but read on. The more times I stayed here, the more I enjoyed it. First off, I have always found the service to be great. I feel welcomed when I check in, and feel like they appriciated my stay when I check out. That is big... hotels are a service industry and many lose sight of that! Overall, I would say the service here is top notch (and I have stayed at many of the more pricey places in the area too). The rooms could be hit or miss... but are always clean and everything is working order. The closets can be small or not there, so when checking in be sure to make sure you get a room with a decent closet if you are staying a few days! I have had tiny rooms, regular rooms and suites. The suites are very large BTW. Here are the downsides or things to watch for (and again, I am giving it 4 stars so you could see it does not matter too much): No coffee makers in the room... I have coffee 24/7 so that is a bit of a challenge. There is a Dunkin Donuts next door though, no biggie. The elevators could be SLOW during peak times. If you need a speedy exit, choose a low floor or something close to the stairs. If you like it uber quiet, be sure to ask for something away from the trains. Upsides: Aveda bath soaps. Sure it is a small thing, but they are nice products and not cheap. iHome alarm clocks (I forget if all rooms have them or just the suites). Charge your iPod and wake up to your music. Good stuff! Nice TV's. I never turn mine on, but if you are a TV nut they are good. Eco-Friendly: I'm not a tree hugger... but if you are the non-leg-shaving type you might admire their efforts! Free wine hour/happy hour: Usually have some good apps and wine plus some seasonal drinks (spiked hot toddy the last time) Helpful staff: Always a plus! Well done Kimpton and Allegro. I'm sitting in your room as I type this, back for maybe my 15th stay here. For 1/2 the price of some of the other spots, I'm glad I stay with you!
