I really wanted to love Tru after all I have heard, but my husband and I had a very disappointing experience. I had called months in advance to reserve a table for our one-year anniversary. I gave my name and AMEX number to secure the reservation, and told them it was a special celebration (i.e., 1st anniversary).  I received a call a few days beforehand asking to confirm. I called back and was told that the reservation had been canceled. I told them that was impossible as I was just calling now to confirm. The man on the phone was curt and told me my husband must have called to cancel so I should check with him. I told him that I was managing this and no, there must be a mistake. He told me that was highly unlikely but if I still wanted to come he could fit us in a later seating. I was ticked, I should have canceled then, but this was something I had wanted to try for years. So I swallowed my irritation and agreed to the later seating. When we arrived at the restaurant were were asked to wait in the bar while they prepared our table. After 10 minutes, we were taken to a table right next to the wait-station - not the best seat for sure. Then we were handed menus congratulating "Michelle and Adam on their anniversary." Our names are not Michelle and Adam - it was so awkward and uncomfortable.  We ordered the tasting menu with wine pairings, and the food was good but having a small group of wait staff standing kitty-corner to you talking amongst themselves put a damper on things.  Not the romantic, sophisticated experience I had wished for. The cheese service was also very disappointing given the price, and I really love cheese.... We finally mustered up the courage to mention to the waiters that we were not Michelle and Adam (the waiter had called me Michelle at one point...). He apologized and then it clicked in my mind that Michelle and Adam had canceled. The waiter shared the last name of Adam with me - alphabetically adjacent to mine. They must have accidentally canceled my reservation instead of Adam's. Made me even more annoyed with the attitude I got over the phone implying I was out of touch with my husband! After paying over $600 I just wanted the night to be over. Very sad experience....
