Well my first Yelp review and I'm sorry to say it's not going to be pretty....I've long used Yelp to guide me in my dining choices and it's usually spot on, as it was here with Sunda, but unfortunately only with the bad reviews.As others have complained, my reservation was not honored, and by a good long time. Surely they must be aware of this problem by now but you'd never know it by the way they handled it, no finesse, no apologies, no nothing. I'm trying to think of words to sum up this experience, but I just can't. Maybe this will do...when my friends & I walked outside after we were done, we just looked at each other and someone said, "What the f was that?" and we all just shrugged our shoulders. 'Nuff said.Food was....awful. We tried to immerse ourserlves in the experience and try lots of things, like the telemakety waiter told us to, but it just got worse and worser and....worsest!. Statred with sushi which was such a joke, I understand that sushi has now entered the mainstream and all but this was just awful, it was like McDonald's had entered the sushi business. Sereuiously, I've had tastier shit at the Whole Foods refridgeratar case.  Then we tried some of their other "dim sum" appetizer type stuff and it was like being at my aunt Sally's place where she bought some stuff from Costco and served them with fancy bottled dippy sauces. Really, this food would've been great at 3 am when I was so blind drunk I didn't care, but at the time I wasn't so it sucked. Plus it took forever to come out.then we tried to order entrees for each one of us, we told the waiter we weren't going to share but wanted them as entrees, you know like any other normal restaurant does, and he said we don't really do that. He saud we will get them when they are ready, not when we want them. Oh really? what kind of mickey mouse kitchen can't time 5 entrees to come out at the same time? Well they couldn't becuase we ended up getting our entrees like 30 minutes apart. Lazy kitchen! And awkward, some people were eating, some had to wait. and watch I go to tapas places all the time and they can manage their timing well enough if you ask, Sunda won't bother And the entrees were just as terrible as the rest....Um, if you're gonna slice a steak let it rest first or all the juices will run out, duh, that's why the steak was dry. they forgot to confit the pork shank and it was a disgusting dry mess. they drowned fish in gross sauce that you couldn't even scrape off becase it was pasted on. There was also some kind of awful noodle dish that was so gummy I think paste was the main ingredient. This place is clearly a night club with food as an afterthought! Not good.
