It surprises me how many positive reviews have been posted for this hotel. I've stayed at this inn on five occasions and have had a negative experience each time. I won't be back. This particular La Quinta fails miserably on so many different levels. Here are a few of them: BUGGY WEB SITE SCREWS UP CHECK-IN DATE: This topic requires an essay of its own but the short story is this: In certain circumstances, the web reservation system will incorrectly modify your "check in" date -- moving it forward by one day versus what you actually entered. I was bit by this bug twice. NO WAY TO MAKE A TRUE "RESERVATION" AT THIS HOTEL: My reservations are frequently missing from La Quinta's computers at check-in time, despite having received a verified reservation confirmation number from the hotel via automated email. What this means is that your "reservation" isn't really a reservation at all. There's a 30-40% chance that when you arrive at the hotel, your reservation number will be "unrecognized." You'll still be ok if there happen to be some rooms available when you show up at the front desk but if not, well, you're just out of luck. NO WI-FI: The hotel claims to offer WiFi but good luck getting it to work. Upon connection, a standard "terms of use" page appeared but clicking "I Agree" just led to an error message. This occurred on my MacBook, iPad, and iPhone. The good news is that the aforementioned bug was fixed on my last visit. I was finally able to connect to the Internet -- but at an extremely low data rate. Bottom line: Be prepared to use your 3G phone. WiFi borders on useless in some rooms and is non-existent in others. ALLEY-FACING 'BAIT-AND-SWITCH' ROOMS: Recall that there's a 30-40% chance that your reservation will be "lost" when you try to check in. See above. The receptionist at the front desk will then see if she can find anything that's available. The "only thing available" will inevitably be facing the alley. The great thing about these alley-facing rooms is that at 4:45am each morning, a garbage truck will provide you with a friendly wake-up call consisting of incessant ear-piercing scraping and banging. And it is very very loud. It doesn't matter if you're on the second floor or the ninth floor. It WILL wake you up and you WILL be startled. Every time. Learn to love it. CLEANING STAFF: Cleaning service begins at 8:30am. The loud slamming of doors and yelling and laughing amongst the cleaning staff marks the beginning of cleaning time. You can't miss it. If you're still in your room at 8:30am, you can put a "do not disturb" sign on your door. In any other hotel, encountering a "do not disturb" sign indicates that the cleaning crew should come back later. Not at La Quinta though. At this place, if they encounter a DND sign in the early morning (e.g. 9am) they'll slip a little note under your door indicating that they're not going to clean the room at all and if you have a problem with it, you can visit the front desk. Not so great for guests that aren't early risers but that's ok because it's more convenient for the cleaning staff this way and in the end, that's really what counts, right? HYPOCRITICAL GREEN POLICIES: The first thing you'll see when you walk in the room is a nice little laminated note wherein La Quinta pats themselves on the back for trying to save the planet, tries to opt-out of providing basic services like clean linens, and gives you specific instructions you can follow if you actually want your room to be appropriately serviced. Being green sure is hip. La Quinta takes this hipness to a new level by providing only a thimble full of shampoo and not a single glass. What they do provide instead of clean glasses, however, is a set of six styrofoam cups -- each one individually wrapped in its own layer of disposable plastic! Wow. That's very green. WHAT THE @#$ IS WRONG WITH THIS PLACE?? : I've often wondered how one hotel could be so messed up in such a diversity of ways. I wondered why the clothes drawers are only a few inches deep -- so shallow in fact that even if you're that midget from "Game of Thrones," there's not enough room for you to stow a tiny folded sweater. I wondered why, during my last stay, I had a bathroom that was constructed in such a way that there's a vast chasm between the toilet and the toilet paper roll. I could go on and on but I think the real source of the problem is that the hotel owners and management haven't taken the time to actually stay here and "test" the place. Not all La Quinta Inns are this bad. But this one in Chicago is a uniquely bizarre trainwreck. It could be fixed if someone cared enough to do so. BETTER ALTERNATIVES: Changing my routine is never easy. But this hotel is so disappointing that I've been forced to give up in disgust. I walked around the neighborhood last night looking for potentially better Chicago hotels that I can patronize. Will try Marriott or W instead.
