Came here last night after a bourbon tasting somewhere else, I was starving but my friend, Pete wanted to try this place, figuring a Tuesday night would be that busy. Wrong. There were four people ahead of us and we thought we had said we'll put our name in but head to the bar. The bartenders were really great and attentive and I was about to rage out because of hunger so Pete thought it best to feed me before I did. He got Meatballs and polenta and the duck pate, plate. The meatballs were honestly the best thing I ate there, terrifically matched with the polenta and I scooped up some of it with my finger before they took it away. The pate was good-but pate is pate I think and the giardinere was all right. There were open tables, 2 two tops and eventually a 4 top and no one was seated there. NO ONE, 15 minutes later the host started seating people this ANNOYED THE HELL OUT OF ME! I'm not sure what their system was with server coverage but the host was not doing his job. I went to check and turned out he hadn't even put us on the list-which he didn't even mention to us after both of us went up there. We were seated and we split the bone marrow, boar sloppy joe and pork belly confit. The bone marrow was good-the flavor wasn't very noticeable and the tomato jam was really overpowering-it reminded me a lot of Sul-lung tang, a Korean soup made with boiled ox tail. The pork belly confit was good, really good but to me, it seemed like just a really good rack of ribs. A very tasty set of baby back ribs but that was just it. The boar sloppy joe was pretty good, there was a little tub of ketchup but it wasn't enough for both. I asked our server for one but it took him a while to bring it, saying something about "someone bringing one by, they should have but I brought you one anyway."...Riiiiiight Got a dessert but it was so forgettable I don't even remember what it was, keep in mind I was there last night. The service is so-so and for all the fanciness if their dishes remind of simple and cheap comfort foods then I don't think it's worth a repeat visit.
