Let me preface this review with a simple platitude: If beer isn't your thing, look elsewhere. That being said, I happily report I hate beer. Confused? Don't be, read on! To celebrate the birthday of my best friend's wife (who is also my good friend) we celebrated at the Hopleaf. Given that my best friend and his wife are beer connoisseurs to the max. Walking down the microbrew aisle with these too is akin to "done it. done it. meh. had it. yum. done it. etc." ... So, suffice to say they were jazzed to go to the Hopleaf given it's amazingly deep beer menu. I myself am not a lover of beer at all. Luckily the Hopleaf did have other fine drinks to peruse. Since I like lambic (wild fermented fruity beer) and hard ciders, I was happy to see "Original Sin", a granny smith hard cider from across the pond. And for 5 bucks I felt like i was getting a deal. Some of the beers on the menu tip the wallet over 10 dollars a glass. For the hops aficionado... I take it that this may be a pittance to pay for the experience. But enough with the drinks. Suffice to say: there's plenty of choice, and the staff is both knowledgeable and helpful (so I was told, more on that later.). The menu itself isn't large, but everything on it says "upscale". The prices however are truly a deal all things considered. The table started with the sausage plate for an appetizer. While it was only large enough to grant each person at the table 1 large finger sized sausage, and a pair of potatoes ("german" hot potato salad made with fingerlings)... The flavor was excellent. My sausage was well cooked, had a nice bite and snap to it, and provided homemade whole grain mustard was hot, but well made. The potatoes were simply amazing. I'd go back for JUST that salad, honestly. Tossed in apple cider vinegar, garlic, and bacon. At 12 bucks, it was a tad overpriced, albeit amazing to eat. Entrees, entrees, entrees. My best friend had a brisket sandwich. His wife and my wife both settled on the Duck Reuben. The brisket was tender, and well seasoned. The duck reuben was well received, albeit my wife wasn't the biggest fan of the house made sauerkraut, nor the marbled rye it came on. All the sandwiches came with a mound of hot pomme frites served with house made aioili. I myself opted for the "House Specialty" Mussels. For 12 dollars I received a heaping bowl full of truly tender, perfectly cooked bivalves in a Belgium style broth. Steamed in an Wittekerke white ale w/ sliced shallots, celery, thyme & bayleaf... the broth while a tad salty, could almost be eaten by itself. Combine that with a cone of hot frites, and a pair of crusty house made rolls... and you have a truly wonderful meal. While I was warned by my best friend "Mussels are no entree" ... he was wrong in this case. Suffice to say, between lapping up the broth, polishing off the pile of mussels, and soaking the rolls up... I was very satisfied. And for the money? Can't be beat. A few more beers later, and the table was ready for dessert. Each of us tried something different (for obvious sharing later)... apple fritters, a stout laden chocolate mousse, a petite lemon tart, and honey profiteroles with wine soaked berries were ordered. At 8 dollars a pop, once MIGHT say they were a bit over priced, but at that point, full of beer, frittes, and good food, we could have cared less. The fritters were ample, hot, and delicious. The mousse had a beautiful dark and bitter undertone from the stout. The lemon curd in the tart was perfect while the pastry shell lacked finesse... and the goat-cheese stuffed cream puffs were just a tad too much on the tart side. Our server wasn't necessarily attentive. It was almost as if he were trying harder to be a patron than a waiter. Several times whilst we tried to flag him down, I'd noted he probably needed to save his strength for his band's debut at the double door. The laughter at the table made it easier to forget that our server was more enthused to look like everyone else ("That perfect mix of yuppy, preppy, and hipster") than wow us with service. All that being said, let me make it clear: The food is amazing, and fresh. It's well paired and cooked with the abundance of booze within their storerooms. The drink selection is staggering. The prices for the food may offset your expensive beer tastings... and ultimately, we'll be back to sample more offerings in due time. Kudos to the brewmasters and chefs at the Hopleaf.
