I've been going to Artopolis since the first day it opened, and it's still my hands-down favorite go-to place for a guaranteed good meal and great atmosphere. The European cafe feel of the place reminds me of the several wonderful cafes I frequented while living in Cyprus (Greek-side) for the summer. Kyria (Mrs.) Maria has become like my adoptive auntie, who always welcomes me with a warm hug and hello. Something very rare to find in a big city. Whether or not she is there, each time, I know I am guaranteed a wonderful meal and am never rushed to leave as the staff and the drinks are just as good! It's even a wonderful place to stop by and kill some time before hitting the town for a night out! A few times however, my friends and I enjoyed our stay so much that we decided to skip the clubs and just hang out. I've taken several family members and friends (from all over the country and the world) to this place for a meal, drinks, and dessert, and they've all walked away with a wonderfully memorable experience. All have even returned on their own over the years for more! The food, after all this time, has still managed to satisfy, if not, go beyond my expectations. My main advice: ALWAYS leave room for dessert when coming here! You'll be missing out on the best if you don't! - Great for people-watching, plus very attractive staff! - When ordering for pick-up, they always have my food ready in minutes. (They have been on my speed-dial for years now!) - Brunches: Always a great time there, plus, no ridiculous lines due to limited hours of operation, like the cafe across the street. - For light, but satisfying food: choose any of the Artopitas with either potato or pasta salad. - For a hearty meal: any entree or pizza. - For satisfying comfort food: be adventurous and try the Youvetsaki! - Dessert: TRY EVERYTHING! - If you don't have a very sweet tooth, yet want something perfect: go  for the mango yogurt or fruit tart! - Coffee: go for the traditional Greek coffee (advice for newbies: DO NOT drink all the way to the bottom!) - Cold coffee: a modern-traditional frappe prepared sweet, with milk.
