How in the world have I never ever eaten here??? On a rainy day where I was supposed to go to the grand opening of a restaurant in Hotel Felix, the rain combined with interminable traffic led to a disastrous ride through traffic, watching cars cut us off and plenty of staring at red lights that refused to turn green. As the hours ticked away, it was apparent a change in plan was necessary and we rolled out to Coast Sushi. before the obligatory trip, we stopped at the nearby 7-Eleven and rocked ourselves a six-pack. Good thing we did not get a twelver as I read on the menu after we sat down that a six pack was the maximum allowed for two people! Service was prompt and the server brought a bucket of ice for the sixer and stood ready to take orders. Not being ready, we let her know we needed more time. As I perused the menu, there were plenty of specialty house makis featuring many an eel ingredient including eel sauce, but I switched over to the maki and the kitchen entrees. Sushi plates ranged from $21-$27 featuring a variety of sushi and sashimi specials. Other entrees included, NY strip steak, chicken teriyaki and tempura dishes for $16-$20. On the maki side I decided to delve into crunchy spicy tuna maki, spicy white tuna maki and spicy salmon maki and a bowl of miso soup. The miso went down quickly and the sushi came quickly after. My eyes lit up as the crunchy maki tuna maki was topped off with a generous pile of panko bread crumbs so I could take other maki rolls and roll them around the pile to render them all crunchy!!!! Ginger was plentiful and the soy was great. Unlike Kaze Sushi, Coast Sushi portions are large and will fill you up even after housing your plate faster than hyenas after the kill. With sushi gone, the busboys rolled in faster than thunder after lightning and whisked our plates away. The music in Coast was chill ambient lounge music while the lighting was dim and ambient. The black wooden tables showed some signs of wear and tear, reflecting the raw popularity of Coast. We got there and had a seat with empty tables to our right and left, but eventually another two couples sat to our right and left, but between the music and the conversation, we were able to tune out other conversations. All in all a terrific atmosphere with exemplary food leaving me full and satisfied!
