Graham Elliott is one of my favorite restaurants in Chicago. To put it bluntly, it's great! I love it. It's truly food as art at a much more affordable price than you can typically get this kind of food for. I really appreciate what Chef Bowles is doing with this place. He has taken his high end food out of Avenues at the Peninsula hotel, (which I had the pleasure of eating before he left and he was equally as fantastic there,) and brought it to River North where it's not required to drop $250+ on a tasting menu to sample. Chef Bowles' attitude about this place is also fantastic. Servers are required to wear jeans and gym shoes to make everyone comfortable about the casualness of dining there. High end food without the B.S., I love it. No need to get dressed up in an uncomfortable suit just to eat good food. To start, the dining room is great. Large, open, not too crowded. Nothing I hate more than restaurants that pack you in one on top of the other so they can have as many tables as possible. I love the addition of the extra tables in the bar area that you can grab in case its packed and you don't have a reservation, or you just want to grab a drink and something small off the menu. Not too many fine ding places accommodate that. The servers are all cool and relaxed, fun to talk with, and very professional at the same time. Like a Jerry Kliener staff without the uppity attitude. The range of music coming from the staffs personal favs is a nice touch too. Most importantly is the food. Some people may think it's a little on the pricey side, but I challenge those people to prove it. The prices may seem a bit high upon a first glance at the menu, but they are no higher than any of the other popular River North spots in the same area. The food is also more inventive and unique than it's competitor's. I've eaten here 6 or 7 times since it opened, the menu is always completely different and it's always delicious. I've never tasted a dish I didn't like. In fact, on more than one occasion, I've tasted something that someone else ordered and it completely changed my mind about something I would never order myself. Graham Elliott has the ability to change a dish so much, you may not recognize it at all, but then you taste it, and it's spot on. The plating is completely unique and inventive, and the food tastes as good as it looks when you receive it. Chef Bowles has been doing food as art before it was popular and he's one of the best in the business. I haven't yet had a chance to do the newly introduced tasting menu, but I look forward to the day I finally get around to it. Not only are the starters and main courses great, but the pastry is wonderful as well. Two desserts I will never forget in my lifetime are the spiced rice krispy squares and the whimsical take on strawberry shortcake I had. Unlike a lot of his celebrity chef competitors, Graham Elliott can almost ALWAYS be spotted whenever you're eating in his restaurant. I don't know how much that has changed since he became a father and opened Grahamwich, but every time I dined there, Chef Bowles was in the kitchen and out on the floor. I'm a total food geek and when Graham Elliott first opened, I was one of the first people making reservations. It was slow my few first times there because word had still not spread about this amazing restaurant. My server at the time noticed how much I was enjoying my meal and offered to take me back into the kitchen to meet the chef. After I was done geeking out, I was able to meet Chef Bowles and briefly talk shop with him, and what a nice man he was. Not your typical egotistical a-hole chef, but an all around nice guy to have a conversation with. He seemed real down to earth and that makes me respect him and his food even more. I eat out 360 of the 365 days of the year. I vacation to eat elsewhere. Living in Chicago allows me to sample so many different restaurants that I literally never have to eat at the same place twice. Very rarely do I return to a restaurant frequently, so when I do, it's special to me. Graham Elliott is one of the few I will go back to again and again. Great food, great service, a real unique experience without all the fluff.
