Um..... (crickets) M&H has been so hyped up. I've tried to go numerous times, but have always found the long wait outweigh my desire to eat there. Well, I finally went, and was, sadly, completely unimpressed. There are a fair amount of lunch sandwiches, but like 7 breakfast options. There are also no breakfast potatoes, which I just find un-American. The breakfast panini comes with potato chips, but there are no hash browns, or anything like that. Ok, hash browns aren't so exciting, but nothing on their menu really was either. A lot of kids come here. And I'm fine with the stroller shuffle, and I get that kids are messy. But the table I was sat at clearly had a baby there prior to our seating. There was milk and cereal and general messiness all around the floor surrounding our table. I'd say I have an unusually high tolerance for filth, too, but in this case I was rather put off. But back to the beginning of my experience with M&H. They have you wait in line to order and a hostess finds a table for you to sit at either before or after you order, depending on when the tables become available. I've only experienced this system of seating at two other places - Xoco and Smoque. I think this system works very well at the aforementioned establishments, but at M&H I found it to be somehow obnoxious. I feel like when people go to Xoco or Smoque, they get their food, chow down and get out. If you have a coffee for brunch, I suspect you'll stay awhile and take your time, which leads to a back up of tables and many people who have ordered but are not yet seated and thusly have no where to really stand. In this case, it seems to be a really inefficient system. Actually, Xoco doesn't let you order until a table has been allocated. Perhaps you should take some notes from them, M&H. The coffee. To go it's cheap, but it's more expensive if you're eating in. That was just unfortunate, because I couldn't wait to get out of this crowded mess of a brunch restaurant, so I didn't even drink half a cup! Oh, Milk & Honey, I might be back, but probably not.
