A taste sensation That I can see the neon of Carnivale from my apartment and that it spoke to me like a beacon weren't the only reasons I wanted to try [and like] Carnivale: I'd heard from a few friends what a great space it was, what wonderful cocktails they shook and how delicious the food was. I really couldn't resist. I was first and foremost amazed by the sheer loft of the dining room. The place is GINORMOUS and then some. The height of the room allows for some very creative painting and lighting of the space, but it does feel a bit cavernous and perhaps misses the opportunity to be a party place and offer moments of intimacy at the same time; tricky, but achievable for sure. You have to start with a signature cocktail even if you're going to move to wine with the meal [something I have turned into a habit at Carnivale]. My favorite concoction is the Cadillac Margarita, the real deal: Corralejo Reposado tequila, Grand Marnier and freshly squeeze lime juice. It's hard to stop at one. For an appetizer, you can't go wrong with the seviche "flight". Choose all 5 or any 3 of their wonderful seviches to go with your drink. The Kleiner guac [so akin to my own] and taco de Pescados are also very flavorful, the latter not unlike a fish taco you might find in San Diego, only miniaturized as appetizer. If you're a fan of pig, try the Empanada de Puerco, pork picadillo with plantain "masa" and chayote slaw with aji rocoto yoghurt sauce. I will admit that I am spoiled for Carnivale's pork and fish dishes for a main course. If you find me there, I'm likely to be eating the rum-glazed pork shoulder with fried plantains and Puerto Rican rice and beans. The arctic char is surprisingly flavorful, but it's the carrot escabeche on arugula with tamarillo chile pure that is worth the dish alone. Alaskan halibut is another delicate treat, spiced up with local zucchini escalivada, lemon garlic aioli and chorizo bread crumbs, to die for. Look for a daily fish special too. Plenty of sides are available, but buy them to share. There is plenty of food on your plate without having to order side dishes, unless that's how you roll. Fried yucca with garlic mojo is a stand out as too are the organic mushrooms with bacon and leeks [a nice side if you go for beef tenderloin or strip steak]. I don't usually order dessert when dining out, but sometimes something sounds just too perfect. One night the special was blueberry brioche bread pudding with caramel sauce and cinnamon ice cream. Dude, it has my name written all over it. I couldn't resist. I couldn't finish it, but I couldn't say no. Sometimes desserts just speak to me. Prick up your ears when your waitperson lists that day's dessert selection. Get thee to Carnivale. I'll see you at the host's stand.
