We had a Saturday evening dinner with friends in celebration for a birthday. Words cannot describe the overall experience we enjoyed. We started the evening with a photo and short conversation with Iron Chef Jose Garces!!! What a delightful and down-to-earth guy!! He was in town to premier his 1st Iron Chef Battle tomorrow. I was eager to experience this Catalan restaurant after living in Madrid, traveling to Andalucia, eating at Emilio's and Cafe Iberico. This by far topped every American tapas restaurant I've been too, and brought back great memories of Spain. Each of us chose 3 entrees, for a total of 12 dishes, rather than the chef's list, for more variety for a little less cost. The pitcher of Red Sangria was sweet, and nearly perfect. We began with a tapas assortment of olives, garlic shrimp, and marinated anchovies with pine nuts and green olives. The anchovies had a nice smoky fish flavor combined with the saltiness of the olive, and contrasted the soft anchovie and the firmness of the olive, for a surprisingly tasty dish. The garlic shrimp were outstanding. The bacon wrapped dates with almonds were a table favorite! We had a mixed platter of jamon serrano, chorizo, and jamon de pato (duck)...all great. Next came the patatas bravas, or some lightly fried/crunchy potatoes with a paprika aioli, which were fantastic! Along with this came the Braised Rabbit Agnolotti with a truffle-chestnut puree, and cherries. Hands down the BEST DISH we had all evening! Essential to pair the cherry and the pasta in the same bite. This dish gave me a glimpse of what it must be like to be in kitchen stadium. Absolutely incredible, and a must for anyone going! Our "main dishes" were the pork belly with cider glaze, apples, and a parnsip puree (outstanding!!!), short ribs and diver scallops, Muscovy duck breast with a duck confit-foie gras crepe (don't know why they ever outlawed the stuff, it's divine!), and serrano wrapped tuna on a potato croquette, were cooked perfectly. We ended with a dessert of chocolate croquettes, banana marshmallow, rosemary carmel, and olive oil. I never imagined olive oil, chocolate, and caramel all together, but the pairing of olive oil and caramel, and the little marshmallow were absolutely heavenly! Samuel was our server and was outstanding, meeting our every need.  The atmosphere was hip and modern (so say's my artist wife), mood was good. We all agreed this was one of our best dining experiences (1.5 hours as the servers gradually introduce each course). We will definitely be back, and will savor this for a long time! The best dining experience we've had in Chicago....
