I've been to Publican for their Brunch but this time I came for dinner with 4 of my gal friends .I'd say a party of 4 is the way to go at this place, so you can try a lot dishes but still recieve a fair portion per person. Everything is small plates and by small I do mean small, like tapas size or smaller. But expect a total Foodielicious experience! Here's what we ordered: The meats: -SPICY STEAK TARTARE was a delightful delicacy for rare meat lovers that we all raved about. Served with fresh veggie garnishes and a great flavor, I think this was one of my favorite standouts. -COUNTRY STYLE RIBS - we did the full order and this was a good comfort food dish, a better portion for a group of our size plus juicy and tender. -BOUDIN BLANC - at first glance, i was like, 'What! you get one tiny sausage to share between 5 people." but once you experience this dish, your taste buds will go haywire!. I think this was one of my favorites - the meat was so tender and had a wonderful flavor! It makes my mouth water just thinking about it now! The fish: - BEAU SOLIEL, SPANISH MACKEREL, AND STRIPED BASS ok, I'm not afish lover and rarely eat fish, but i definitely ate this fish. It was so fresh, no fishiness and all the flavors of each dish generated "ooo's and ahhhs" from our group. -The Spanish Mackerel, though simple in presentatation, was very tasty - expect it to be on the salty salty side. -the Striped Bass was so memorable -served with cucumbers and almonds, this dish was my favorite fish dish. -The OYSTERS: A group of our size required the full order of 12, and it's worth it! Very fresh, I swear they must fly their oysters out to the midwest often!  The vegetables: - POREINI & KING MUSHROOMS: Definitely one of my favorite dishes. Our first reaction was "what! this is all you get for $20!" But again, once you taste the dish, you will know why you paid what you paid. The mint,balsamic and burrata just bursts with flavor in your mouth. We were all like "wow" and lip smacking =) . -ASPARAGUS - skip this dish, while it's good, it's nothing special and unique. -SUMMER SQUASH SALAD: While very fresh, it's not a good dish to split between 5 people - we each had like a piece of lettuce and a small veggie, so i can't comment on whehter it was special or not since i barely got a taste! DESSERT: -the waffle dish and an apple pie w/icecream dish - this really topped off the meal. Everything was really good. The Damage? With one drink per person, we each spent $75. Expect to spend a lot of dough in order to experience what this place has to offer, which is a heaven for your taste buds.
