For my 19th birthday I wanted to try something new. I had heard about the Grand Lux but I never actually got to experience it for myself.Soon as we walked in I was already pleased. When I pushed through the swivel doors my mother and I were quickly greeted with a warm smile. Not only was the host inviting, the whole outlook of the interior was warm and welcoming. The dimmed lights added to the cool night effect making it look even more elegant than it already was. The host walked us over to the escalators and once we reached the top we were once again enlightened with a bright friendly face. I chose to be seated at one of the tables along the perimeter of the circular room which faces Michigan and Grand Avenues. Oh, what a view from the wall-to-wall and floor-to-ceiling windows! Warm bread and butter is served while you wait. After only glancing at the menu, I immediately knew what I wanted, lemon chicken picatta. If this place was quote on quote an upscale version of The Cheesecake Factory, and I love their chicken picatta, then The Grand Lux Caf had to be better right? OH MY GOD. I was so right. First off, I didn't put it all together until my mother and I got out entrees. Everything in that restaurant is huge. The place itself is huge, the menus are huge, the windows are huge, and on top of that the portions are huge. I had this big plate of wonderfully baked lemon chicken, with pasta, lemons, capers, and artichokes. There was not a one thing that was wrong with it. It was a thousand times better than The Cheesecake Factory. I vowed to myself never to eat anyone else's chicken picatta after that. My overall experience was great. From the time that I walked in to the time that I walked out I was entertained. Our server was Mallory. She was great and very knowledgeable. Our glasses were never empty, which some people may not consider important, but to me, it's the sign of a great server. Its comfort food that is consistent. The 30 minute dessert menu is definitely worthwhile; so, be sure to go with a friend who is willing to share their entree that way you have enough room for indulging or be prepared to take away some of your entree. The decor was also very nice and the atmosphere was very enjoyable. I think this may have been one of my best restaurant experiences ever. If I could rate the restaurant one through five it would definitely be off the scale. That was my first time and best believe won't be my last.
