I accompanied two handsome, mustached men here for a meat-packed dinner over the weekend. I stuck to the salad bar, but felt full just watching those two gentlemen go to town on that meat. End of night = heaping plates of bones. In more detail: We made a reservation for 8pm on a Friday night. It was b'b'b'bustling and loud in there - people everywhere - waiters, guests, meat-peddling carvers donned in their best red bow-ties and black boots. We were taking an out-of-town visitor here, aimed to impress, and succeeded. Full meals here run around $50 and include the full salad bar (more on that later) + all you can eat meat (12 or more options - beef, pork, sausage, chicken, lamb) carved table-side. It's quite a spectacle and you can really make it worth your pretty penny if you can handle mass quantities of meat.  Green means GO - and that same rule applies at Fogo. Guests use a two-sided paper medallion to signal whether they want meat NOW, or not. Our table was swarmed with meat carvers in a matter of seconds each time the boys' discs were green-side-up. Red means you need a minute to eat the meat you already have on your plate.  My dining companions sampled each meat offering, ( except the pork - we never did see that come around once) and gushed over the juicy, succulent cuts. They loved it. I tried their chicken legs, and those were also perfectly cooked, juicy and steaming hot. Delicious.  I opted for only the salad bar (ran about $25) and while this was a big, plentiful bar, it was pretty standard, basic options and I wasn't blown away by it, especially for that price. Everything was cold, though they did offer to grill veggies from the salad bar, if you want something hot. It's a salad bar - I wasn't expecting tons of hot dishes, but I thought they might have SOMETHING to choose from: soup, side dish, pasta? something? Nope. They had varied greens, basic cut up veggies (tomato, asparagus, mushroom, red potatoes, beets) several cheeses, smoked salmon (good), mayo-based chx salad, potato salad, sliced white bread - more I'm forgetting, but all along those same blandish lines.  Tables are also replenished with side dishes to share: mashed potatoes, fried polenta sticks, plantains + little bread buns.  Service was 'shared' so we had 4 or 5 different waiters coming around to help our table out with refills, check-ins, etc. Kind of unusual. I'm not sure if I liked that 'team effort' or not. Still, service was always attentive and quick.  We really enjoyed our dinner here - the meat-eaters more so than I - but as far as Brazilian steak houses go, I think I preferred the atmosphere and salad bar at Brazzaz; which also wasn't nearly as crowded or loud. I'd go back to Brazzaz or try another Braz. steak house option before going back to Fogo.
