We had a reservation for a late dinner for four last night. We were up for some drinks, so decided to head there early and hang out in the bar area. The place was packed when we arrived at around 7:30, so we told them we were early for our reservation, but wanted to have a few drinks at the bar. They escorted us to the bar area and even directed us to a half-empty table being occupied by a couple other patrons (it was the only space available). Within a few minutes though, the other patrons left so we were able to enjoy our own table in the bar area. We decided to order some beer since they had an extensive list to choose from. Since I'm more of a wine connoisseur than a beer expert, I needed some guidance on what to pick. Our waitress patiently and expertly walked through the dozen or so draught beers on the menu. We all made our selections based on her descriptions and were all very pleased with our choices. We also decided to get some oysters as well, and our waitress again expertly walked us through our choices. Again, we were very pleased with what we received.  When it came close to the time for our reservation, another staff member found us at our bar table and informed us that we would be seated soon. He also told us that it would be no problem to transfer our bar tab to our dinner tab. After a few minutes, we were seated in one of the enclosed booths. Frankly, we liked the privacy and didn't feel closed in at all. In fact, the doors may have actually protected us from a spill that happened adjacent to our booth. For dinner, we ordered a bottle of wine from their wine list (a decent, though limited, selection of mid-priced wines with a high proportion from South America) that went well with our family-style meal that included the sardines, mussels, crab legs, aged ham, potee, and tuscan kale. We thoroughly enjoyed everything we ordered, again selected with the help of our very knowledgable and helpful waiter. So in summary, I was very happy with the quality of our food and drinks and extremely pleased with the service we received. I would highly recommend a visit here, ideally with a group of four so you can easily share multiple dishes around the table.
