I would have given this place 3 stars were it not for the horrible service--it totally really ruined my experience (agree with Johnny T on this one). We came in at an off-peak time, 2-3ish in the afternoon on a Sunday so there was absolutely no excuse for the no service/slow service. First--I hate communal seating, which has nothing to do with the service, but thought I'd mention it anyway. Second, our waitress (who shall remain nameless) acted like she was on quaaludes...took forever to come take our order, took our order but left all the menus on our table (when we made it clear we weren't ordering anything else), she cleared away the wine glasses as if those were taking up space on the small table, but didn't take away the giant menus that were in our way. After she took our order, she disappeared. She would either chat with the hostess or go in back to the kitchen. She ignored all 3 of her tables and I could tell that other people were getting pissed too. We were basically left to our own devices and had to flag down random bus boys and food runners to get what we needed--and even they were oblivious to the customers' needs. Three bus boys walked past our table and saw that my glass was empty and not one came to refill my water. I had to flag down two different bus boys before one of them actually came back to refill my water. This is not rocket science people, I'm only asking for water here. On to the food: skip the antipasta and other smaller items and go for the big ticket meat items. The eggplant dish we ordered was actually full of roasted zucchini and yellow squash plus two tiny pieces of eggplant--why call it an eggplant dish then? Why not just call it the zucchini/squash switcheroo? And it was a ripoff--$7 for a quarter of a zucchini I can get from Dominick's for 70 cents and roast myself. The salami and goat cheese panini was severely short on cheese and I could have gotten a better panini down the street. Don't get the "Iris" dessert, it was too oily and greasy and takes forever to come out of the kitchen. Actually, everything takes too long to come out of the kitchen...we were waiting at least 15-20 minutes between each dish. The only two things I liked were: 1. The milk braised pork shoulder with mashed potatoes--tender and melts in your mouth. 2. Roasted bone marrow with herbs--giant bone marrow, absolutely delicious. What should have been an hour-long meal stretched into 2+ hours and by the end, I was bored, pissed, and just wanted to leave. We had to flag down the waitress to get the check and had to flag her down again to take our money. Even though the bone marrow and pork shoulder were really good, I will not be coming back here. Everyone in the restaurant biz knows that it's not just about the food, it's about food AND service. You have to hire staff that is capable of doing their job well and you have to treat your customers like you want them to be there, otherwise you're not going to get any repeat business.
