So, I am the culprit behind John, Amy, Matt and Dane's reviews. Yes, you may mock me now! Lots of meat. Not every meat is good, but there is lots of it. I have never been to a Churrascaria before Brazzaz and I cannot compare it to the others. I had 2 for 1 coupons and decided to invite fellow Yelpers for a meat fest. After all, who doesn't love meat? (Yes, I am looking at you Deanna... I mean, vegetarians... with a scorn). I had a glass of wine at the bar before heading to our table... the Sauvignon Blanc was OK. We were seated on adjacent tables. John kept waving at us from 10 feet away while Amy and Joe quietly scanned the meat descriptions. Matt was slurping on his Ketel dirty martini like the usual slurpees he gets at the neighborhood 7/11. I ordered a mojito which was made with Reposado... interesting. A mojito made with Tequila. It was good though. The best part of the meal was the popovers served at the table. They were finger licking good.... better than any meat that was served. The fried plantains were OK. Tasted better after I put some chimichurri sauce on them We started with the salad bar. It is not a full scale salad bar with a large variety of leaves and fruits, but a good variety nonetheless. Being the carnivore that I am, I skipped the green looking things and went straight to the cured meats and cheese section. Got a few pieces of prosciutto and proceeded to the other side where there is sea food. They have a shrimp salad and ceviche besides raw oysters. The shrimp in shrimp salad was tough and chewy (overcooked?), the ceviche was not bad and the oysters were good. I love raw oysters and I later commissioned Matt to get some for me. Being in a tipsy state, he obliged without protest. Next came the meats. And the gauchos. Interesting outfits. I want those boots for the winter. They look like they will keep your feet warm during Chicago winters. Oh yeah, the food. I started with garlic steak, rib eye, flank steak, and tenderloin. Unfortunately, they all tasted the same... except for the garlic steak. It was too salty for my taste. The tenderloin was the better choice of all the beef items. I then got the shrimp. The shrimp were better than the beef. Well marinated and tasty. I then moved on to lamb. The lamb chops were the highlight of the dinner. I may be biased here because lamb is my favorite red meat. The lamb chops were juicy and delicious. So was the leg of lamb (I got a slice of it). I saw pictures of bacon wrapped chicken in the meat menu and we waited forever to get that. When we finally got it, it was just OK. The chicken was overcooked but bacon makes everything taste better. I ordered two desserts (because that is how I roll). Warm chocolate cake and the chocolate mousse. The warm chocolate cake had a molten core but it was not warm. It was room temperature. That's OK for me. The chocolate mousse was very good, except for the Reddi Whip on top (seriously, why would anyone put the fake whip cream on top of a good dessert?). I scooped the whip cream away and ate the mousse. Towards the end, I was beyond full. We all ate a lot and I was on the verge of going in to a meat coma. I kept trying different meats and it added up quickly. I also felt really uncomfortable for the next 24 hours. It may have been the excess salt in the garlic steak or all the food I ate. Regardless, it was not a pretty feeling. Amy had a similar feeling when she complained she can feel a meat baby rolling around in her tummy. (we are going on a starvation diet after this experience) I'd say it is a good deal because we had the 2 for 1 coupons. It will not be my choice if I am paying the full price of $50. But, I had a lovely evening with fellow yelpers and that is definitely a plus.
