Went and check this place out yesterday, Tuesday, mid-morning after it came highly recommended from two reliable sources. I must say they didn't do anything bad but I can't really say they did anything great either. I don't know if you want to take that as a backhanded compliment or a warning. I actually really struggled with my start allocation and settled on 3 because they are sort of new and in the hopes they improve. They did have great coffee and unique sweetener options, which I know for some people would allow them to over look some other sub-par elements. The breakfast menu seemed to contain some old standbys and contemporary fusion takes on traditional Mexican dishes. Didn't really look over the lunch options. We settled on Huevos Rancheros & Nanadict eggs. The Rancheros was with a Verde sauce and black beans. It was extremely salty and I thought poorer quality and more expensive then a more traditional spot a few blocks up. I found it sort of strange that a place that serves Mexican dishes didn't have a spicy salsa to offer. The salsa roja that was brought upon request was o.k. but for people that enjoy spicy it was lacking. We had a little bit better result with the Nanadict. Sort of a Mexican version of Eggs Benedict sans the Holidaise(See Picture). It seemed to come with the same Verde sauce but wasn't nearly as salty as the Rancheros, which is weird because it had chirizo on it. The chirizo is homemade and flavorful. The corn buns the dish came on were a bit dry and tough, not sure if that is by design or not. Would have been better if they were either a bit more fresh or softer. I got black beans instead of home-fries and I liked the beans although they seemed to be a bit over seasoned with salt as well. Our waitress was extremely overwhelmed and that lead to some deficiencies in service. I counted about 7 or 8 tables she had going and that is at least 2 or 3 more then she should be required to handle, even with a buser/food runner. I think people who are hard pressed to find organic and vegan options would really enjoy this place. Not sure if it was the manager or owner walking around but he was extremely friendly and nice as was all the staff. Hopefully our experience was just a result of some growing pains because the space is nice and the concept is interesting.
