For better or worse, this restaurant has a reputation to live up to. Three Michelin stars, number six in the world on the San Pellegrino list, and a price tag to match. For a place like Alinea, most people aren't lucky enough to go, ever, and even more won't be able to go more than once. The only basis I have for this is my one trip tonight, probably the only one I'll ever have. On this night, Alinea did not live up to that reputation, and my wife and I came away disappointed. The reason: we were seated next to a four-person table of the most disruptive diners I have ever experienced. Raucous, brash, bombastic, rude. Loud conversation the entire night, none of it about the food: in fact the food seemed secondary to their goal of consuming as much alcohol as possible. All of George Carlin's dirty words were spoken - announced - out loud (OK, not C---sucker, but really and truly we heard the other six). They made poop jokes about the chocolate on the dessert table. Five cell phone calls rang and were answered in the middle of dinner. At some points the laughing and yelling rose to a fever pitch that was only broken up when one of the women at the table shushed the rest of them, only to explode into laughter herself. Chef Achatz himself came out to serve their chocolate splatter course (by the way, it's quite novel), and even this did not sober them up - they heckled him for being too young to be a real chef. We were just one course behind them, and my wife asked me if I thought Achatz would also come to our table. When I said to her, "No, I don't - it's just not our night tonight," she knew exactly what I meant. (He didn't.) The thing is, we loved the food - it was maybe the best I've ever eaten. For the first time ever in my fine dining experience, there was no course, no bite, no flavor in the entire meal that I didn't like. There were flavors and spices and presentations I've never seen or imagined. Some of the ingredients were quite sophisticated, others simple but surprising (Granny Smith apple sorbet, English pea puree, and parmesan cheese... who thinks like that?) And actually the service was great: friendly, conversational, respectful: our sommelier didn't treat us like naifs when we asked simple questions about the wine pairing; our waiters had mastered the art of being simultaneously knowledgeable about, and in awe of, the complex techniques their chefs showed off from the kitchen. But eating is an experience that involves all of the senses, and one year from now when I think about this meal, the memory will be of scraping delicious frozen yuzu from an insane minus 200 degree ice cone, while the man at the table next to me is asking the waiter for a shout wipe because he has so covered himself in flakes of chocolate, followed by the staff asking him to get up while they replace the chair because his mess has stained it to the point of unusability. I'll remember biting into a masterpiece of exploding truffle, and also how funny it is that the woman at the table next to us sometimes acts JUST like her mother. I don't know if there was ambient music playing in the restaurant, but I do know that the woman next to us uses Bruno Mars as her cell phone ring tone. And I'll remember getting the check and, for the first time at a four star restaurant, feeling a little like a fool for spending so much money on one dinner. I've left some suspense about one thing: did I speak up to the diners? Did I tell the staff? Did they "make it right" (restaurant-speak for free stuff)? Here's the thing: there's no making it right. This is a restaurant full of talented staff who know how much it costs to eat there, and who should know how to deal with this situation, but didn't. The four diners next to us were never chastened - no subtle request to take phone calls outside, no gentle reminder to the jacketless man that jackets are required (I was reminded twice, once when I called for the reservation, and once when they called to confirm). It should not have been up to us to ask these four people to quiet down. And as the only couple sitting next to the group, I didn't feel comfortable complaining about them to the staff while they were still sitting there. I spoke to our waiter when the group had finally left, and he apologized on behalf of the restaurant, said all the servers knew they were trouble, and they could tell when they walked in that they were pretty drunk already. He said they talked in their meetings about how to handle people like that. And then he said, "I wish you had said something sooner." I appreciate the sentiment, but it sounded like I didn't need to tell him. I wish they had acted sooner. Three hours into our meal, at about the same time that the offenders left, a couple was seated nearby to begin theirs. My wife and I looked at each other, and I knew we were thinking the same thing: I wish that was us.
