i've said it before, and i'll say it again, if you're going to charge high end prices, you better be delivering high end food and high end service. we made reservations for 9pm on a tuesday, arrived a bit early and grabbed drinks at the bar. a gin/tonic and a vodka/tonic totaled $21. after we were seated we were given 2 menus (one for restaurant week and the regular menu). the restaurant week menu was a prix fixe, pared down version of the original that included a first and second course followed by desert and coffee. i decided to go with the restaurant week menu whilst my mans (not being big on dessert) ordered from the original. apps: the first course was the highlight of the meal for both of us. i had the banh cuon, a sort of chicken & mushroom ravioli in a garlic lime sauce. the flavors were complex and interesting with a subtle spice. quite nice. my mans had the crab and asparagus soup that was also quite good, but more subtle. entres: all around, completely boring. we did the bbq pork with noodles and the lemongrass chicken with portobellos in a basil chili sauce. neither was very flavorful or interesting. the chicken basically amounted to a snoozy, chinese stir fry; the pork was slighly better but nowhere near the caliber of food i expect for $20/plate. dessert and coffee: my choice was between a variety of sorbets or ice cream. i chose the raspberry and mango sorbets and while they tasted great i'm nearly 90% sure they did not make them in house. service: fabulous! no, not really... its just that our server must have used that word at least 15 times throughout our meal. the service was actually fine up until the end. the patio was nearly empty and it was fairly clear that our server wanted to go home. the check was placed in front of me as soon as dessert was served, i paid, signed the receipt and while i was still finishing my dessert and coffee, our server came to ask if the check was all set for her. i said yes, she took it and and i never saw her again. i never had my plates cleared or my coffee refilled. once again, not the kind of service i expect when i'm spending so much money.
