So, I've been meaning to try this place for a while... And we were out running errands on a Saturday, and decided to give it a try. I was mildly hyped up, since I have been following these guys on Twitter and Facebook since before they were open, catching up on construction progress and submitting recipe ideas for their burgers (none have ben chosen... yet), so we figured this was long overdue. We get in, and are immediately greeted by a lovely woman, who invites us to take our choice of seats. We were the only ones in there for a while. We were brought menus before too long, and our drink orders were taken--$3 Sam Smith Oatmeal Stout bottles are a special at the time of this writing--and we peruse the menu. It all looks pretty good (Oh, and apparently they're serving a brunch menu, now, too. That looked good but we were in the mood for some red meat)... though we're getting the feeling that it's a lot like Kuma's, only with a prison/crime theme and a full bar. Anyway... we decide on the Billy the Kid salad and the Punk Bitch burger, medium-rare. We drink our Stouts while we wait for our food, and order our second round as it arrives. The salad and burger were both very, very good--though I'd call the burger more medium than medium-rare, but am not so picky (or stupid) as to send food back. The fries were hand-cut and fried dark, and had a wonderful flavor. We split both dishes, then it was a rather good lunch, which sustained us for the rest of our afternoon. The only real complaints I have is that the service was rather slow after a few more tables were established--there was just one guy behind the bar, covering both that and all the tables--and the toilet in the men's room looked like it had recently supported someone with explosive diarrhea, and required a little bit of DIY sanitary work before further use. And, while the burger was a little overdone, it was still juicy and delicious, so I won't knock off much for that. A rather redeeming factor for us, though, was that our beers actually came out to be under the advertised price of $3/ea, and the bill overall for us was around $30, so it was a pretty good deal.
