I wanted so much to love Longman & Eagle. I certainly could have been their perfect customer: I live in the neighborhood, I'm notoriously nocturnal, and I hoped to wallow, Meat Joy style, in piles of succulent kobe beef and unctuous pork belly.  So my disastrous experience was incredibly disappointing. We were thrilled to have the chance to eat real food, late a night, on a Thursday in Logan Square after a long plane ride. We found the atmosphere was pleasant, almost peaceful, but too dark to read the menu without cantilevering the table's tea light to and fro. This was a shame, as the whiskey and drink menus are extensive, but challenging to choose from at such a low wattage, so we forwent alcohol altogether. This makes me sound cranky, and old, and with poor night vision, but I assure you I have good night vision. We had three dishes - a sunchoke soup, the brandade, and the kobe burger.  The highlight of the meal was the soup, which was creamy, balanced, and subtly infused with crab and lemon. If I had only ordered this dish I would have left happy, if hungry and feeling a touch overcharged (at 10 dollars it certainly wasn't cheap). Sadly, the rest of the meal went severely awry. My boyfriend's kobe burger was ordered medium rare and delivered medium well. For a restaurant that prides itself on meat, this is an error of grand proportion. To me, cooking a burger close to well done is the fastest way to ruin good meat so I feel it's not fair to rate the burger itself, except to say it was way oversalted (more on that later). Another time we would have asked the restaurant to correct the mistake, but other aspects of our meal were so off and we were so tired that we didn't bother.  From the deft handling of the soup I would have expected a fluffy, rich brandade, but the texture was instead both liquid and lumpy. The brandade was of course salty (it's made from potatoes and salt cod) and it ranks among my favorite things to eat in general - I even feel it's health-restoring when prepared correctly. But this one was way too salty - the salt flavor overwhelmed the flavor of the dish, as if the cod hadn't been soaked enough. It was basically inedible. The kicker to the meal, though, was the beef fat fries, which I hoped would save us from our lackluster burger and gloopy brandade. You can always depend on fries when everything else is wrong with a meal, except at Longman and Eagle, where you can't. Because of the salt. Maybe beef fat fries are wonderful, but I wouldn't know because these fries were saltier than the brandade! Saltier than a dish made of salt cod. They too were inedible, and I am no enemy to salt. Defeated, or possibly hypertensive from the excessive sodium, we feebly paid our bill and left without complaint. I want to be able to give L & E another chance, but I'm too afraid to risk having to decide between elevated blood pressure or unfulfilled hunger during my meal. Perhaps it was an off night, but our meal was so incredibly misguided that I don't think I can give them another chance, except for perhaps conducting some clandestine espionage over a dimly-lit whiskey flight. After all, spies never eat, do they? However, if you routinely suffer from excessively low blood pressure and want to eat a meal comprised of salt, salt, and salt, I highly recommend L&E, it could be lifesaving.
