Ok, so I came here with my dad, boyfriend, and brother when aforementioned dad was in town. I picked it because I'd been here before and it was close to the father's hotel. I made the res on OpenTable (this detail will become relevant later). First off, the venison carpaccio is delish. NB my boyfriend and I are carpaccio aficionados; we order it whenever its on the menu. Partially because we love eating raw meat, and partially because my boyfriend loves to say "carPACcio!" in a silly Italian accent... anyway... the carpaccio was great. Then came the main course. I ordered the tuna, compromising my sustainable fish-eating ethics in order to do so. Sadly, while perfectly seared on the outside and rare on the inside, this was the blandest thing ever. Accompanying this filet-mignon of the sea was a sad little puddle of white-bean puree which was so totally lacking in seasoning, I cried a little. So, back to the OpenTable detail. You know how when you make a rez on OpenTable, afterwards they ask you to review the place? Well, there's also a section where you can "say something to the restaurant. Well, in that little box I told them that they committed a horrible crime against humanity (and all fish everywhere) by serving me bland tuna. Actually I believe I wrote "Dudes, that was the blandest tuna ever. White bean puree? Really?" Shortly after notifying the Gage of my bland tuna experience, I actually got an email from the manager! He asked if he could send me a gift card to come back. I said, why SURE! Hence, we returned to the Gage. The tuna was still ostentatiously still on the menu, but avoiding it like the plague, our follow-up meal was excellent, although our waiter was super creepy. And when asked what the seasonal berries were in the dessert, he said Strawberry and Rhubarb (it was actually strawberry and blueberry...) and proceeded to explain what Zabaglione was (accompanying the fruit) when, duh, clearly I KNOW what that is. gosh. Anyway, as long as you DONT ORDER THE TUNA, this place is solid.
