If you told me a few years ago that I'd be dropping $850 for a meal (btwn 3 ppl) sans wine pairings and would be redialing 250 times for a rez for said meal...I'd think that you were insane. Because really, what meal is worth that cost and effort? My friends and colleagues probably still think I'm insane! But you know what? It was one of the best experiences of my life. If you have the time and resources I highly recommend a trip to Alinea.  Just some personal notes before you do so. I won't really go into the food because I think plenty has been said about how amazing and creative it all is. Also, there's not much else to say about the service except that it was impeccable and not stuffy or pretentious at all. It truly was as good as it gets.  250 redials sound ridiculous, but that was because we had a short window in which we were in Chicago (namely two nights)...and it was summer time. If you wanted to dine on a Wednesday during a bad weather month...probably won't be as much effort.  I agree with Valerie H.- dining at Senior Citizen time is actually a good thing because you get to see your dishes come out first as there is only one menu. However...it's not a big deal to just revert your eyes if you dine later. We actually had a 5:45 rez and some folks were there before us so we just made an effort to not look over at their table. I highly recommend reading Chef Achatz's book Life, on the Line: A Chef's Story of Chasing Greatness, Facing Death, and Redefining the Way We Eat before you dine at Alinea. SImply one of the best non-fiction pieces I've ever read. I made my husband and our 3rd dining companion (a high school buddy of mine) read this before our meal and they agreed with me that the book enhanced the experience even more. Wear something dressy, but also comfortable. We were there for nearly 4 hours I think. The thing I appreciated about Alinea was the pacing and amount of food. We weren't so stuffed by the end that we couldn't enjoy our dessert. The portions were just right throughout the meal and when we left we felt satisfied, but not so full that it hurt to walk. What was my favorite course? Everyone has their personal faves but I particularly loved the fried hamachi course. Pairing it with a whole vanilla bean as a "utensil" was a great experience for the senses.
