My girlfriend and I decided to try to get a seat at one of the coveted Bayless restaurants for our second anneversary dinner, we thought it was a long shot, since we did not have reservations AND it was a Friday night. We figured we would get there 10 minutes before dinner service (4:50 PM) started so we would get the best chance. To our delight, we got to the restaurant and there was only one party in front of us, and the host kindly asked us for our name and we were the second in line. We were ushered into the waiting area, and at 5:00 they let us into the bar area. At about 5:15 (and the restaurant was practically full at this point) we were then seated promptly, and the experience began: Drinks: -Mexican Mojito (w/ tequilla) x2 -Topolo Margarita x2 -----Drinks, both were well excuted, I liked the Mojito allittle bit better. Platillos Pequenos: -Sopes Rancheros (Masa boats filled with shredded beef, avocado, and house made cheese) -Queso Fundito Classico (melted cheese, w/ house made chorizo, onion and mexican oregano served w/ house made corn tortillas) ----Appetizers: thanks to yelp, there were multiple reccomendations for the Sopes Rancheros, and boy did it live up to the hype. I could tell this dish was refined, refined again, and again. The result is the most flavorful mouthful I have ever had. Thankfully for me and you, this item does not rotate on and off the menu. Sorry queso fundito, but you were no where close to being as good as the sopes. ( i would order something else to replace the queso fundito if i were to to it again. Especialidades: -Pollo en Mole Verde (chicken with green mole sauce, mexican mashed potatoes, & spinach) -Pato en Mole Xico (duck breast with dark mole sauce, smoky green beans, & mexican rice) ---------Main Course: all parts of the chicken dish were amazing, the chicken, sauce, potatoes and spinach were all instruments to a symphony in your mouth. The duck dish was good, but not as balanced as the chicken dish, duck was well cooked, sauce was the best part of either dishes (soo smoky and complex), rice was well seasoned, green beans did not really add to the dish but were edible. Desserts: -Tamal de Chocolate (chocolate tamale, home made cinnamon ice cream, mexican chocolate glaze) - Mexican Hot Chocolate --------The Tamale de Chocolate was a bit dissapointing to end the meal off, just a mealy chocolate tamale. texturally, it did not come together. The house made cinnamon ice cream was so-so. The mexican hot chocolate saved it though, you could taste the spice that played off the deep flavor of chocolate, it was wonderful. The whole meal came to allittle less than $130.00, which was really reasonable for the amount, and quality of food and drinks (4 drinks total). The service was nothing short of spectacular, the waiter gave us drink recommendations and shared with us his favorites off of the menu. I dont know what all of the 1 & 2 star reviews on yelp here are for, I cant concieve of giving this place lower than a 4 star review. Rick Bayless, you are an impostor, you are not mexican. But you do Mexican food better than the Mexicans do it. P.S: 1. Get there early    2. Get a drink    3. Get the Sopes Rancheros    4. Order anything with the word Mole on it    5. Do not miss out on the Mexican Hot Chocolate.
