Since that amazing opening night, I've had some mediocre to just plain bad meals recently at L&E.  During one visit, I had a soft shell crab entree, which was very expensive, very tiny and was heavily battered and deep fried - the batter was sooo thick and chewy and it tasted like they had used old oil to fry it in. I'm not trying to be funny when I say the batter tasted just like McNugget batter.  I should have sent it back I guess, but I usually don't do stuff like that unless it's completely inedible. They also listed about three ingredients that accompanied the crab on the menu, yet they ended up being teeny little schmears underneath the crab that became totally lost in the entree. This really should have been an appetizer or a small plate, not listed as an entree. My next visit was with a couple of friends, we were there on a Sunday night and the place was pretty empty, which was nice since we were seated promptly. Proceeded to try and order several beers and cocktails, which we were told they were out of (to be out of a cocktail, you just have to be out of one of the key ingredients, which is understandable). They were also out of a couple of menu items. I settled on a beer, only for her to return and say "sorry, we're actually out of that, too!". When I commented on how they seemed to be out of a lot of things, her response was "Well, yeah, you know, it's Sunday after a busy weekend." So I guess they haven't gotten their ordering schedule figured out? We ordered, and to our disappointment each one of us had food that was overcooked or borderline burnt. Especially my friend's who wasn't too hungry so she ordered the pretzel rarebit - it was black on top, I'm not joking! We urged her to send it back but she wouldn't and ate it anyway, picking off the burnt bits. My pork belly was dry as a bone and everything on the plate was dry, the plate itself was really hot to the touch, ditto for my friend who had ordered a medium buger that came out well done. This combined with how long we waited for our food vs. how empty the place was led us to the conclusion that our food sat under the heat lamp for too long. And I don't get how the server could have looked at that pretzel and thought it was okay to serve!  A few of my friends on different occasions have reported rude bartenders and really poorly mixed cocktails at L&E when just sitting at the bar. When I say poorly mixed, I mean they had to keep sending them back because they were hard to drink. These people are like me; go out to drink a lot in WP/Humboldt/Logan, know a ton of bartenders, regulars at the Bottle, Whistler, Big Star etc., and really normally easy going. So there's that. All in all, I think L&E can be a great time, but you have to be careful about what you order, it's hit or miss (and the hits are excellent). Some of the menu items are just too small, too pricey and not done properly, in my opinion, for a gastropub, and I'm the type that will go to Schwa or Alinea without blinking an eye. I really hope they focus more on making solid pub food with high quality ingredients at a reasonable price and try not to worry about the fancy stuff (they should take some pointers from Owen & Engine). I also think they need to work on training their employees a bit - I've about had it with rude/indifferent/inadequate service in the restaurant biz (I must point out that some of the people working here are amazing, friendly people). When you're going to charge higher prices for pub fare, you need the ingredients AND the service to back it up.  These last couple of experiences unfortunately make me hesitant to rush back - but I will give it another go at some point.
