I'm always pleased to be able to sing the praises of great Chicago restaurants. My recent visit to The Publican was certainly deserving of a five-star rating, I'm happy to say. I've been to The Publican a number of times now, but this time I was bringing a friend from out of town and wanted him to enjoy a Chicago culinary adventure (and some good meat!). I booked a Friday night reservation through OpenTable. When I called to confirm, I made sure to request that my friend and I be seated at one of their tables for two, if at all possible. [An aside: I do think that if you prefer not to sit in the communal seating, this is an excellent strategy that I've learned from other Yelpers - the staff at The Publican seem particularly happy to accommodate your seating requests, especially if you contact them ahead of time and reserve through OpenTable.] My friend and I arrived a bit before our 8:00 reservation, and when we asked to start off with a drink before moving to our table, the hostess was happy to accommodate us. She also took our coats for us right away, and within seconds we were set up to order drinks. Our drink waitress came to the table quickly, welcomed us, and brought us water. While we poured over the drink menu, our dinner spot was already being prepared for us (table for two by the windows, yay!) We both ordered German beers and they arrived quite quickly. Shortly after our first few sips, our table was ready and we were able to get settled. [Another aside: I do love that they have space below each chair for bags or extra menus - a bag or glove space is something that a lot of finer new restaurants forget to incorporate into their table settings, but it really is a nice touch that those of us with purses appreciate greatly.] We ordered and shared the following: the spicy pork rinds (delicious as ever, but hard to eat gracefully!), the frites with aioli (thicker-cut than I remembered, but still crisp; plentiful), the country rib (my friend was speechless at its tenderness), and the bollito misto (cotechino sausage is life-changing, salsa verde tasted quite fresh). We found that to be enough food for two people - and indeed, we didn't come close to finishing everything. This time we went without dessert, but previous visits have me jonesing for their carrot cake right at this moment. The service was just impeccable - our waitress explained everything so clearly, was extremely friendly, and checked up on us frequently (but not to excess). She seemed passionate about the restaurant, and excited to introduce my friend to the menu for the first time. The hostess and the bar waitress were also very accommodating and polite. Every time that I've gone I've been pleased with the service, but this time (on a busy Friday night, no less) was just above and beyond. The bottom line: Deliciously rich food, very fine ambiance, and excellent service.
