Nearly a month has elapsed since we had dinner at Alinea - a much anticipated and expensive treat. Having read Grant Achatz's cookbook and biography we were anticipating some stellar taste treats with comparable service and ambience - to the extent that this would be possible - to Tallevant or Divellec . Having eaten at Jean Chauvel's Paris outpost of molecular gastronomy "Les Magnolias" in Perreux sur Marne several times, I was expecting the food to be both as interesting and surprising and several steps up from Chauvel. In retrospect, Alinea was great theatre -other reviewers have compared it to Vegas - and on that basis it was really great. The food however, despite its visual appeal - perfectly photogenic - and legendary intricacy in preparation was, I'm afraid to say, unexceptional and overall bland. My wife was concerned about an allergy to octopus - there was however so little of it - maybe 5g - it would easily have passed unnoticed. The chocolate mousse was a desecration of chocolate - more Sara Lee than haute cuisine. I'll stick with the Achatz family's pies. The wine accompaniment was both overrated and overpriced - as had been noted by the Weekend WSJ several months back. The sommelier, indistinguishable - except for the hands - from Johnny Depp in "Edward Scissorhands", was a precocius and pretentious bore. Choosing from the quite reasonable priced wine list would have been a better alternative and would have avoided the convoluted and uninteresting drivel about the sourcing of each wine - which meant very little to the captive diner - about as interesting as a Wall Street type blathering on about CDOs. The coffee was however superb although charging $8 for Badoit water when the meal was $215 and the wine accompaniment $160 was more than a little greedy. There are much better restaurants in Chicago - like "Les Nomades" where the food matters more and where you can dine for half the price. And, based on our visit to Alinea, I think we will have to substitute Guy Savoy for a planned visit to Heston Blumenthal's "Fat Duck" . Alinea was an experience indeed but not one worth the money to repeat.
