What the hell have I been doing prior to Hot Doug's! Why have I been dealing with the run of the mill steamed Vienna for all of these years?? I have seen the light and what a bright man Doug is.  For the first time this afternoon, I ventured over to Hot Dougs. It was about quarter to 3, so the line wasn't too long. I must have waited behind about 6 people, but that gave me the opportunity to check out the rad menu. Did I say rad menu? Yah...it was pretty rad.  I had the Elvis, which was a Polish Sausage "Smoked and Savory-just like the King" with the works on it -mustard, relish, pickles, onions, tomatoes and celery salt...Chicago style just how I like it. The sausage itself was a finer grind than a regular Polish that you would come across, but it was smokey with the perfect blend of spices.  I ordered mine charred which is not easy to come by. I burn the crap out of my dogs out on the grill in the summer, so to be able to get a charred dog in the winter time was more than pleasant. I ordered the a small fry with my dog and fell in love. Normally, I like super crispy crunchy skinny fries, but Doug's were awesome. They are a little thicker and fresh cut with the skins on. They completely tickled my fancy. I went pretty simple this time, but they have a great selections of flavors and different game dogs that I will try in the near future. I am a huge fan of game meats and I am all over that wild boar and apple sausage with cranberry cheddar cheese next time. They have veggie dogs for the veggies out there, chicken dogs for those not so into beef, corn dogs for the little ones and good old beef dogs for the rest of you. Doug blends and packs his own sausages and that makes me happy. As for the decor, blue, red, and yellow come to mind. They have kitchy posters about hotdogs and chicks all over the walls and The King is king here. Elvis is everywhere. Hot Doug's is a good old Chicago hot dog joint on steriods and I feel is a great addition to the traditional Chicago dog...I mean Doug.
