Staff is warm and friendly. The waiter was focused and professional and the bus boys did a get job of clearing plates. Paintings and music remind one of Old Havana. The butter is quite tasty. They have a bar in the front that is quite active and the Bartender was very attentive to customers the evening that I ate. Negatives: The rooms are only lite with a very small candle at each table. It is nearly impossible to read the menu. I saw several customers having a difficult time trying to navigate the Menu in the near- darkness.  The menu is over-rated. The food is certainly not authentic Cuban. For that one would have had to Dine in the 80's and 90's at a Restaurant called Tania's which was then located in Logan Square. One normally measures an ethnic restaurant by the percentage of ethnic's dinning there. While I was there this past Saturday the percentage of Hispanics was less than one percent. If one desires a truly authentic experience I might suggest one Dine at 90 Miles located in Bucktown on Armitage. There one will experience authentic Cuban and Hispanic food at a reasonable price. Plus 90 miles is also a B.Y.O. restaurant with no corking fee. Cafe 28 is well run and the staff was attentive as stated above. The problem lies with the Menu and the lack of choices. They have a house salad which at $ 7.50 is over priced. The menu itself is limited and the quality of the food is okay but not very special. It would seem that this restaurant has made a calculated decision to advertise itself as a Cuban Restaurant with the hope that someone from that part of the world will never dine there. For non-Hispanics which they appear to cater the setting is perfect ,one thinks one is experiencing authentic Cuban or Hispanic Food when the reality is something else. Kind of like going shopping at an Italian Grocery Store when the only thing authentic is the playing of "Frank Sinatra" music in the background. I applause the owners for running a great operation and having a great trained staff but in the end Cafe 28 falls short in the executive of authentic Cuban and Hispanic Food. Perhaps the Chef and the owners should take a short ride to 90 miles in Bucktown and taste and see what their present operation is lacking.  I am certain that the present owners will continue to run a profitable operation but for those interested in tasting authentic Cuban and Hispanic Food please avoid this restaurant. There are plenty of great and authentic Cuban, Puerto Rican, Columbian, ,Mexican restaurants in the Chicago land area
