We went here last night. We got reservations through http://opentable.com about a couple of weeks ago and got a seating for 6p.m. on a Saturday night, not bad considering how hot this restaurant is. We were quite thrilled that it was not strictly a sushi type place as we really felt to be distinguishable from other sushi joints, there has to be some type of aphrodesiac involved.  We ordered a couple of frou-frou drinks which were fun. After we ordered, it took probably about 20-25 mintues before we finally got our duck hash frisee salad. But this was, of course, after we asked the waiter what the hold up was. We were told it takes a while for the salad to be made. Yeah, right.  Then duck hash frisee salad is kind of a take on the frisee salad you normally get at french restaurants. It had a fried egg on top and plenty of delicious duck meat and some carbohydrate that was not obvious. The we had the honeycomb tripe with lemograss, garlic and ginger over a porridge. That was delicious. Even if you don't like tripe, it was very tasty. The indo corn fritters were next. And anything fried is pretty yummy. But this had really good texture and the dipping sauce was a bonus. We did order one sushi piece--it was the crispy rice with spicy tuna and jalapeno. That was delicious as well, unique and plenty of spicy tuna.  Next came our entrees. Unfortunately, Sunda is one of those places where the apps are awesome but the entrees are disappointing. My husband ordered the black cod with eggplant based on the chicago mag review and i ordered the ny strip steak prepared with korean influence. we should have known, that eventhough the asian waiter highly recommended the strip steak, the fact that he had never had korean bbq, should have deterred us. the steak was not memorable at all.  for desert, we ordered the banana fritters which were coated with shredded coconut and had a lemongrass cream and a raspberry coulis sauce for dipping. it was very good.  overall, great ambience. plenty of people watching. great drinks and great food. but don't waste your money on the entrees. enjoy the place tapas/dim sum style and order the sushi.
