This is one of the few restaurants I've been in where it took two servers working in sync to clear our plates after every single course. It doesn't matter, of course. Doesn't make the food taste any better. But it *does* point out a certain dedication to doing everything right. And on our visit, Tru basically did everything exactly right. That matters a lot. It was the first night of a week-long vacation in Chicago, our first reservation on our first visit to what has become a city of some very fine restaurants. We were not expecting quite this much formality from a restaurant with just a single Michelin star. In fact, I felt quite lucky to have checked the dress code before our arrival and dressed in a suit and tie. It was, bar none, and quite unexpectedly, the most formal experience of our trip. I say it was formal, but it was hardly stuffy, not even pretentious, really. The servers we ended up with were accommodating, took the time to answer our questions, and were truly friendly. Formality in this case was treated not as an excuse to act all fancy, but as a set of codified methods of providing a comfortable, relaxing and intimate experience. And that's how it *should* be. We had the Chef's Collection of nine courses, to which we added the Caviar Staircase ( my companion felt this was particularly necessary). The Caviar Staircase plating still carries Rick Tramanto's engraved signature, despite his no longer being with the restaurant ... it was a good, though expensive survey of several different caviars, and cemented my belief that I cannot really tell the good stuff from the much less expensive and merely okay stuff. The dishes in the Chef's Collection were excellent in flavor and somewhat playful, using both modern and traditional methods in a balanced and purposeful way with a nice blend of European and Asian flavors. A good survey, and pretty even in quality in that there were no failures and equally no dish which really stood out from the others. The amount of food ended up being just right, which can be a difficult thing to do with so many courses. I have rarely had more perfect service, from making decisions about wine by the glass to the presentation of the cheese cart. There were, of course, a few things that could have been done better, but the overall effect was very positive. We arrived a few minutes early and were briefly seated in the waiting/lounge area and offered a drink before being seated basically on time. We did note that during some particularly busy times of the evening, the pacing was slightly slower than we would have liked, and there was some amount of delay and confusion when we requested copies of the menu to take home that actually represented what we had ordered. But these are very minor things. This was one of the best restaurant experiences we had in a week of good experiences in Chicago.
