In a word: no. Went there on Saturday night and was disappointed on three different levels: 1) The food just wasn't that interesting. We tried the tasting menu, which is usually the chef putting his best foot forward. Too bad for him. We knew that the portions would be small, so we even ordered some extra dishes to supplement the tasting menu - more on that later. The Caesar salad was nothing special, and potato bisque was decent but it's not something that you couldn't have a million other places; the scallops themselves were fine but the almond paste was way too overpowering, and beef was actually quite good, and the chocolate dessert was too salty for my taste and the guiness ice cream going annoying after the first bite. We also had the risotto (horrible and overcooked) and the mac n' cheese, which was something I could make at home - save for the unnecessary truffle foam. We were waiting the whole time for it to get good, and it was just nothing special. And the drinks were watered down and tasteless. 2) I get that this is supposed to be a tasting at a fine restaurant and if you want a huge bowl of pasta or a whole slab of ribs then go to a chain family restaurant - I get it. But the portion sizes were ridiculous. I kid you not - the caesar salad (tasting menu, remember) lettuce leaf - note the singular on "leaf" - was the size of my thumb. The entire time we were eating, we were hoping that the portions would get just a little larger so that we wouldn't have to stop for more food on the way home. We even added two dishes to the $70 tasting menu. No such luck, and then the worst happened.... 3) They served my friend her beef and literally have of it was fat. Remember that the "regular" beef that we had was only 5-6 bites to begin with, so her losing those three bites was upsetting. And the beef was honestly the bright spot in the entire meal. We were so hungry and disappointed that we politely pointed out to our server that we had been served a portion that was too fatty. He honestly had no idea what to do. We just asked if she could have another piece and he said he'd have to check. He came back and said "that's the way it is" and instead offered to give us free dessert wine. (??) I'm not sure in what language beef = port, but whatever. We had gone for my friend's birthday, and needless to say, I was embarrassed. The whole thing was a joke and I think this restaurant is a little full of themselves. I can deal with the snobby attitude on the portion sizes and even the "we serve fatty beef" response, but then the flavors better be damn good. And they simply weren't. Over spending $400 on three people, we had to head down the street to Elate to finish up dinner. We spent 1/8 at Elate that we did at Graham Elliot and we were fed, had good drinks, and a wonderful server who had a great attitude. We should have gone to Elate for the entire meal...
