I'm intrigued. Very intrigued. Being that this is the first time I had been here, I've heard countless things about this place. That the selection of wine was great, the food was good, the atmosphere is wonderful. Hmmm.... So when I came here to start off Jo W's birthday night I was excited. I was looking forward to coming here ever since Erin P suggested we start the night off right with a glass or two of wine before heading off to dinner. Apparently I can't say no to a glass of wine. So when I arrived, I looked around briefly. The staff, friendly, smiling, welcoming. God... I love that. The digs, brighter than most wine bars I have been to, most invoke the image of slightly dark, romantic, candles, seclusive digs that allow one or two to enjoy sumptuous amounts of a robust red, a sinful white or devilishly decadent sparkling. This... was not. Now grant it, I was coming in the summer early evening, so it may get there, just not while I was there. I quickly spied with my eyes our group at the bar. Such a modern place, brighter wood, clean metal, glass, even better yet, areas to buy wine and cheese. Yeah.. I have no problem with that. I sat down and opted for a verdejo, one of my more favorite summer whites. And for those of you who know me, I didn't get any sparkling, sorry. It happens. Checking out the wine list I was happy to see some things starting with a very nice division of wines. Spanish, Italians, Whites, Medium Body Reds, etc... all with a very nice description of each wine. This is great just because you can get down to what you have a taste for, or have a better understanding of what they have. Small plates of munchables. Always important while imbibing with the vino. The bartenders knew their wines. At least could give you their opinion. I've been to places where the bartenders have been more passionate and you were whisked away by their words and the emotion backed by their discoveries and passions of this simple wine, here, not so much, but they did the trick. Variety of price levels and flights. Feel like trying a lot? Their flights work well on the wallet for the most part but even if you are going glass by glass, you have a good range in each category. Sadly, this is all I have for this place. I had two glasses, a white and red, though the white won my fancy that night, the place did make me want to return for an evening with friends to sip some sexiness, the room detracts from a date night for now until I can see some dimmer lighting and more intimate surroundings. Until, friends and fun is all that will be served up here for me... well perhaps a bottle or two to take home. Or four.
