THE FOOD: In a word: spectacular. I didn't love everything equally, but I did enjoy every bite, and at least half of them were so intensely flavorful, complex and well balanced that I had to close my eyes and take a moment to process the experience fully. I've had a handful of culinary moments like that in my life, but never so many at one meal. There were no mistakes, missteps, under/over cooked ingredients, under/over seasoned dishes, etc. At this price level, I expect a lot of attention to detail, and sadly, I'm often disappointed; but not here. Everything was implemented perfectly (from my subjective point of view). In fact, the food was so good, I am inspired to spend time and energy cooking from the Alinea cookbook. Even though many of the recipes are beyond fussy, I want to try because it's fun. Yes, you can have fun with your food, and you don't have to throw it in order to do so. THE SERVICE: The servers cooperate, so we didn't have just one. That was nice because we were never feeling like we were "waiting" for our "waiter", so to speak. Everyone was polite, friendly and relaxed; but they were all focused and busy. I loved the service here. Alhough they were attentive to our needs, they were never intrusive. Because of the cooperating arrangement between the servers, perhaps the overall impression was a bit "cold" compared to your typical family style restaurant. Even so, it was MUCH more relaxed and anjoyable than the usual stuffy, pretentious "high-end" european-style dining room. THE ATMOSPHERE: The environment is hyper-modern, in a MOMA kind of way, which can be good or bad depending on your preference. To me, the setting fit the contemporary nature of the menu, but I would have liked more light on the food so I could better appreciate its visual appeal. The dining rooms are separated so that each one only has a few tables, which makes for an intimate environment. The chairs are comfy and the table is very stable. They took care to craft each part of the environment in such a way as to enable diners to focus on enjoying the food without being distracted by anything else. THE COST: The comment I get most when I tell people I ate here is, holy crap, that's an expensive meal; was the food made of gold or something? But to me it was worth it. If you consider that I had 20 courses served over 4 hours, and you consider how much effort (and premium ingredient) went into those courses, then the whole experience begins to feel more like dinner theater, but in a way that engages all of my senses. I haven't eaten at many restaurants in this price range, so i can't comment on what this price can get you elsewhere. But it's hard to imagine getting more variety of better quality. Maybe you can and I just don't know it. OVERALL: If I could give it 6 stars, I would. I have rated far lesser places 5 stars; since there is only a single rating to cover the entire experience, it's really about overall value. Despite not being wealthy, my wife and I plan to return to Chicago next summer just to eat here. Of course we will find other fun things to do too, but revisiting Alinea is our real reason for coming back to Chicago.
