I. Love. This. Place. Chef Achatz has truly mastered the fusion of food and art and consistently creates dining experiences that put to shame pretty much any theatrical experience I've had. The food is always spectacular, creative, beautiful, and entertaining. It's definitely among the most expensive meals you'll have, but it's so worth every penny. I do, however, have 2 main beefs with Alinea: 1) Certain dishes get too much play. If you go once this isn't a problem, but become a repeater and you're going to see some things over and over. This is OK, but some of them were mediocre to begin with; bacon just isn't all that great, the transparencies are cute, but not very useful, and the yuba is just not that tasty. 2) Every time we go I don't get to meet Grant. Last summer the final dish was a table-side preparation that he was personally performing for every table. We were the last people in the place and he left just before our serving, so we got the second string. This is... annoying; I had specifically stated up front I wanted to meet him because I hadn't on previous visits. I understand that he can't always be at the ready for every request, but it was a little bit of a slap in the face that we were the only people in the place whom he didn't serve for. That said, I still highly recommend you find a way to make a visit. It's an experience you'll never forget. Having eaten at the Fat Duck the week before my last visit I can honestly say Alinea is a much richer experience. A few words of advice, though: -Eat well the day you go. If you starve yourself and then go you'll be miserable by course 13. -Pace yourself. Let them know a few dishes in advance if you need a break. It's a several hour experience, you don't want to rush through it. -Don't get the tasting, get the tour. It's twice the food and price, but the tasting is like getting the Cliffs Notes of the meal. -Get the wine pairing. The sommaliers do an excellent job of finding the perfect pairing, and can work around your personal tastes. Well worth the cost. My biggest wish is that they'd move it a little closer to Dallas...
