While tinkering around the interwebs I *somehow* became entranced by clicks and awoke to find myself in a what looks to be a very specific, albeit popular, photo gallery of girls eating hot dogs and it reminded me that owe Revolution a review.  Now, I realize I'm about to walk the fine line between food porn and real porn but it's for a good cause- I swear! Okay, not a good 'cause like a children's charity or anything Sally Struthers would be involved in but to me, it's a worthy one. :::CRAFT BEER::: Let's talk about it, Baby. Let's talk about craft beer and me. Let's talk about all the good things and the bad things (what!?) that may be. Let's talk abow-o-wowt craft beer. Let's talk about craft beer. Let's talk abow-o-wowt craft beer. Let's talk about craft beer. I'll start the conversation by saying that there are few finer joys in life than imbibing on a fresh and locally brewed ale (fine. sometimes lagers too... but only sometimes). Something that can make the craft beer experience even better is a great pairing it with thoughtful inventive food- something Revolution clearly understands with their astoundingly expansive menu, complete with plenty of options for a veggie like myself or a meat lover like my former self. On one particular visit to the Rev I got down on a seriously tasty Chicago Style Tofu (dog). Whoa, Mama- things got a little dirty (as in messy, not filthy) to say the least. The overflowing and copious amounts of neon relish, yellow mustard, sport peppers, tomatoe, onion, celery salt, and grilled tofu slab on a poppy seed hotdog bun (also topped with a very noteworthy crunchy pickle slice) made my maw gape. Other delectable+notable treats offered at the Rev include: *Bacon fat popcorn *Buttermilk doughnuts *Cherry porter pancakes *Crispy pork belly and egg sammie *Pulled pork, bacon and smoked tomato sauce pizza *House-cured jowl bacon ragout And though there tap line-up is constantly changing (Yay, America!) you'll always be able to find something you like because of their dedication to offering varying styles, unlike some bars where you maybe don't have as many options if you aren't a hop-head or lager-lurver. Some pretty standard beer here are their Anti-Hero IPA, Iron Fist Pale, Workingman Mild, and Bottom Up Wit. And this clever girl equally appreciates their clever names. On one final inappropriate note, I'd like to leave you with photo of that G-damned delish Chicago style tofu dog. Hyup- that just happened.
