I just read pretty much all of the reviews that gave Alinea 3 stars and less and not a single one, I feel, really understood what this restaurant is all about. I'm not saying I know exactly what it's about either. I know very little about molecular gastronomy or cooking for that matter. I don't know Chef Achatz personally, I'm not a "foodie" and I don't care to be. I'm not rich or spiritual or any of that, I just know that going to Alinea was an experience; an incredible one at that, which I will NEVER forget. Obviously the experience was even more memorable because it was my 2 year anniversary and I have never spent more than $50 dollars on a single meal, but the waiters and the hostess and even Chef Achatz himself made concerted efforts to make our night as pleasant as possible. I'm a vegetarian, on top of that I am also an EXTREMELY picky eater. But when you make a reservation at Alinea, the scheduler asks if there are dietary restrictions, most people just say "no meat" or "no gluten" My list was about 15 different things...when we got to the restaurant, our waiter memorized all 15 items and repeated it to me just to reconfirm... All of the dishes that included duck, or lobster, etc. were replaced by fennel or mushrooms, just for me. This is the kind of effort that is put into each experience. I was so blown away by that consideration. Each dish was mesmerizing, even if I didn't specifically enjoy certain flavors (I forgot to mention I'm not a huge fan of menthol or eucalyptus) the purity of each flavor completely drew me in every single time. What makes this restaurant extraordinary, and each meal in itself spectacular, is the work that goes into it, the respect that Chef Achatz has for each and every flavor he presents to you. Nothing is muddled, every taste is distinct and seriously, probably took years to perfect. I can honestly say that I was not a fan of a couple of pieces I ate that night, but in retrospect it wasn't about ordering something that was a safe staple in my diet, it was about experiencing and trying new things, tasting flavors in their most potent forms and having someone present to you their life's work. I've always had trouble defining what art is, but this was it. It was aesthetically pleasing, there was so much passion, hard work, sacrifice, precision and in the end the product was exactly as it was intended to be. This experience is not for the closed-minded or the faint of heart. You really have to be mentally prepared for 24 courses. At this point, it's no longer just sustenance for your body; it's about taking note of the beauty of each element of flavor and respecting those who spend their entire lives cultivating that. If you really can't take a closer look at what people like Grant Achatz are doing for the culture of food, then we really are just a fast food nation uninterested in anything else except gorging ourselves and going to places like McDonalds.
