Graham Elliot's is pretty good. We started with italian sausage risotto, which reminded me of a chicago-style Italian sausage sandwich with peppers. The rice representing the bread. The sausage was delicious, I wished there was more of it. We also had the potato bisque which was poured table-side over shredded cheddar cheese, bacon, and a chive-coated marshmallow. What made this dish distinct was the marshmallow which slowly melted into the soup, giving it a sweetness to contrast the decidedly savory soup. My complaint with this dish was that some of the cubed potatoes at the bottom were unevenly cooked, and I felt that some spiciness was needed to add an additional component. For my entree I had the scallops which were seared perfectly--caramelized on the top and just cooked enough through the middle. Maple syrup and bourbon sauce accompanied along with butternut squash puree and oatmeal. As a textural contrast, swiss chard stems were scattered on top of the oatmeal.  My girlfriend had the monkfish wellington. The best part of this dish was the classic presentation of the french lentils, mirepoix, and white truffle powder. The fish itself was a bit dry inside the puff pastry and sang second fiddle to the other components on the dish. I would have preffered a "deconstructed" wellington with puff pastry on the side and the fish cooked perfectly in a skillet.  For dessert we shared a huge deconstructed snickers bar. Which was delicious and amazing. However, it was still a bar, it wasn't really deconstructed except for the caramel salt ice-cream on the side. While I enjoyed the flavors of the desert immensely, I found myself wanting more creativity in conceptual design of the dish. As for the cocktails, they were delicious and creative. "Cranberries" with homemade cranberry sauce, vodka, and flamed orange peel? yessir. and the blueberry-slushy style drink was great as well, garnished with effervescent blueberries. Nicely done. All in all, I'd like to come back for the seasonally changing menu and try more. Greatness has not yet been achieved here, but i wouldn't be surprised if it gets better.
