Extremely saddened by my last visit to this restaurant. And by last I mean, I was there yesterday for the last time...ever. And no I am not moving, I am boycotting and I suggest taking care when you go there and who you bring with you. This has been my favorite chinese restaurant since I moved to Chicago four years ago and I have never had a problem until I went yesterday with a friend who'd never been there. I have always been served quickly, friendly, over the top good when visiting in the past and I raved about the service and great food to my friend I brought with me this visit. The service we got was an outrage. At first I thought it was just because it was kind of busy (all of the tables were full but there was no one waiting to be seated). But as time passed not only did I notice something was up, my friend noticed...and the table of five sitting next to us noticed to the point they even commented on it. I thought it was us as a pair. Two people taking up a four chair table during the dinner rush...looking around though there were a couple other tables such as ours. Maybe it was how we were dressed...nope couldn't be; my friend had a nice blouse, sweater, and nice jeans on. I had a skirt, clean, unwrinkled tshirt on. We looked very presentable.Maybe they thought we would not order enough. It's family style plates...we ordered four dishes between the two of us. So couldn't be that.I thought it was just busy and they couldn't do for us what they'd do when it was slow...nope they took care of all the tables around us with utmost care. My friend needed extra napkins, then a box. Both times it took at least three attempts to politely get someone to acknowledge her before she finally got someone's attention by being a little rude. I needed a box. I did a casual look around with that I need something look on my face and three people ran to my aide. I should probably mention that I am white, my friend is black.It was not us they did not like it was my friend. I am HORRIFIED that they discriminated against her! Had I known they treated people differently I would never have given them my business. I most certainly would never have suggested going there to her had I even thought they'd treat her (or anyone) poorly, and I most certainly will never go back! Oh and in case you are wondering, it was not in our heads that this happened. It was so obvious that the table of five next to us even commented to us that they could not believe the lack of service directed our way when the staff went out of their way for every other table in the room.
