I heard there was a fire here back at the end of March 2010; their kitchen was destroyed. But Tony Hu, owner of the chain of "Lao" eateries had his flagship restaurant back in business by the first of May. So having never been here before, I guess we are part of their post incendium (after the fire) customers. The decor is all still spanking new (no doubt to get rid of any smoke smell), and here is where my first complaints arise. The clear acrylic chairs! Others below have commented on these too. They are cheesy looking and rickety, even though they are one-piece molded. The smaller-than-standard seat of these chairs was OK for our group, but I fear bigger (I'm sorry, but American-sized) butts are not going to be comfortable with them. Most of our group loved the food here, even though we usually go for Cantonese cuisine. We had two appetizers, the jelly fish Shanghai style and the ginger calamari (the all around favorite). We had six main dishes that we shared, and we liked them all, but the stand-outs were the stir-fried sole fish fillet with straw mushrooms (the largest any of us had eaten) in oyster sauce and the still memorable Mongolian lamb. There are plenty more dishes on their extensive menu that we'll want to try on another visit here. The table nearest to the entrance or to the kitchen are usually the ones we avoid or reject. But on this visit, there wasn't another option, so we took the table at the entrance. We had to ask that the door be closed so the sparse amount of air-conditioned coolness wouldn't escape. This was also the gathering spot for the clamor of diners who showed up without a reservation and where the "Lao" chain's "traffic cop" would direct them either to the overflow room upstairs or to the close-by other two Lao restaurants (Lao Shanghai + Lao Beijing). Our table was large enough (set for 8 places) that it had what looked like the traditional "lazy susan" you'll find at many Chinese restaurants. But after many failed attempts to use it as such, to rotate food to fellow diners, we discovered (with one accidental spill) that it was an immobile model and useless.
