AWFUL!!! This was hands down one of the WORST sushi experiences I have ever had.. So disappointing because the place came highly reccommended. I wouldn't go there again if someone paid me. I'd like to preface this with this: I've been a server for 10 yrs and it takes a LOT for me to complain. I'm very understanding and very forgiving, but I was so disappointed with this experience. We arrived for a late dinner on Monday around 10-1030, so they were not busy at all. Yet, my friend and I waited over ten minutes for someone to greet us. Our server seemed distracted and unconcerned with our table. I understand byob, but never once refilled our glasses. We ordered a Sunrise & Wasabi roll as well as several pieces of sashimi. Our server brought us a plate with a piece of shrimp and a small roll. Took him quite a bit of time to notice and seemed very unapologetic. When we did get the Sunrise roll, the tuna was disgusting. I've tasted better out of the can. Too bad our server never came to check on us and inquire as to why we weren't eating it. The salmon was great (the best part of the evening). The rest of the sushi was ok, not very impressed. At last call for food, we ordered another 2 rolls, the crunchy spicy tuna and a spicy tako...and he brought us the wrong one...again. Did not once apologize or seem at all worried that he messed up...again. By this time it was around 11:15. I had read that they are open until midnight. Yes, we were the last table, but we had spent a lot of money on subpar food. Two minutes after dropping off the correct roll, our server became super attentive...he came by to ask if we were finished with the roll that we had eaten one piece of. We never did finish that roll because it too was lacking freshness. The octopus was sliced so thickly it was like eating rubber. Overall, the food would have been easier to swallow had the service been decent. But both were lacking and it was incredibly embarrassing because we were celebrating my friend's 30th birthday and our friend had flown in from Austin, TX to be here. I will never return to this restaurant and hope this particular server gets reprimanded. I've worked in several restaurants that these Yelp! reviews are taken very seriously and I hope this one is. I do NOT like writing this snarky review, I,d rather of had a nice evening with my friends.
