Have you ever had a mediocre meal and vowed to never return? I wanted to stay far away from the Publican after such experience. Fast forward 2.5 years later, I give it another go. This time a totally pleasant and delicious meal.  And this is why Yelpers, myself included, should really give a place more than one shot before reviewing. Arrived here around 9:30 on a Monday, and the restaurant was still hoppin'. My super sexy dining companion and I were seated by the window. Bring a little sweater or wrap, bc it was very drafty. I didn't notice the cold after a few minutes because the wine started to warm me up. My personal wine expert carefully studied the list and decided on a gruner veltiner to start. We also ordered some fried oysters complete with these huge onion rings (bonus!), and lobster w/ pineapple & avocado--such a light, refreshing dish. Next we chose some pinot noir to go with our country ribs. Um hell yeah! These weren't like your typical "baby back style", more of a chop, if you will. Tender, but not falling off the bone. Super tasty and meaty. God, I love meat.  We also tried their version of brussels sprouts, which were raw & shaved, instead of the typical halved & roasted. Interesting---and downright delicious. The accompaniment was a cheese. The online menu says ricotta. But it seemed more like burrata to me. Whichever it was, it was perfection. I kinda hoarded it on my side of the table. shame.on.me!  The kitchen sent out some complimentary cauliflower gratin. Rich in flavor (& price....yikes, good thing we didn't have to buy it, as it was $10!)  We concluded our meal with the choc budino w/ a peanut butter cookie garnish. Mmmm....they musta known I have a massive sweet tooth bc they also sent out a waffle, too. The honey butter was TO DIE FOR. I want all butter to taste like that.  With a glance around the dining room, we knew it was time to mosey and/or boogie, as we were one of their remaining tables.  Overall not stellar, but a definite improvement.
