Bonsoiree was probably the second best meal I've had in the Chicagoland area. It should be fully understood that Bonsoiree is completely focused on the food and not the restaurant as a whole. The location is less than desirable, the restaurant is small, the decor is forgettable and everything is a little dirty. However, none of this matters once your meal begins. We did the 4 course, which actually became a 5 course because we were just that lucky. The first being a lobster and octopus salad. I wanted to take pictures with my phone, but decided not to be that guy. Talk about a work of art. I studied every color and shape on the plate and kind of got lost in the fact that I had food in front of me. It was just so damn pretty. There were pickled things, and some watermelon, and the lobster and octopus of course. I thought the octopus would be chewy, like calamari. It was not at all. It was tender and delicious and if I were blindfolded, I never would have guessed I was eating it. It was honestly like no other food item I had ever had before. Ahhh, yes! The grapefruit was my last bite from the plate. It was the perfect ending to the first course. The flavors were out of this world different and new to me. It was just so unique, I really don't know how else to describe it. The second course was a vichyssoise served with various mushrooms, some greens, and a powerful little nori sauce. I am not a fan of cold soup and if not for the nori sauce, I'm afraid this course would have been relatively bland. However, the server did suggest "building bites," and in doing so, you have the ability to really build the flavor right there in front of you. It's like I needed more practice with this course. By the last bite, I thought it was delicious and could have had another bowl. Unfortunately, there was a small "hair" issue with my date's vichyssoise and he had to send it back. But that's ok! Cause we got a little bonus course to make up for it. Honestly, we didn't make a big deal out of the hair (but of course we're going to send it back to the kitchen), and it was very nice of the chef to send out something special. It was a scallop. Not just any scallop though. It was the best scallop I had ever eaten in my entire life. In fact, I really couldn't even believe that I was eating a scallop. I had never tasted anything like it. It was literally on my tongue for like 5 seconds before it melted. The thing melted. There was so much flavor that I was speechless for several seconds after consumption. It's served right in it's shell which sits upon what seems to be rock salt. I wish I could do a yelp review based simply on this single scallop. That's how good it was. The next course was the pork chop. I am not a fan of pork and I would never order a pork chop in a restaurant, so I wasn't that thrilled. However, of course this pork chop was like no other pork chop ever. It was served with the craziest shit you've ever seen on a plate. There was popcorn and tomatoes and okra and edmame, some things were fried, some things were glazed. It was ridiculous. Ridiculously delicious! As odd as it all seemed, the flavors were amazing. Really, it was just all brand new to me. Which is what made the experience worth it. The last course was "Milk and Cookies" which consisted of a brownie, 3 different cookies and a little soy milkshake. The dessert was probably my least favorite part of the meal, but it wasn't bad and it was the perfect ending. Nothing was overly sweet or rich. I believe one of the cookies was a seaweed cookie or something like that, but I could be wrong. Overall, Bonsoiree is a very different dining experience that everyone should try at least once. Oh yes, and it's BYOB, no cork fee. Nice. The group next to us even brought in their own wine glasses. To each their own I guess. The service was excellent, the food is inovative and exciting, and this yelp review is too long. 4.8 stars.
