We had done extensive research on where to stay, location of the hotel, prices and etc. The reviews were and -'s.. but the positives outweighed it and we gave it a shot and were we impressed! Positives. *Decor is undeniably exquisite which added value to our overall experience. *The door staff is courteous from beginning to end of our stay.. anywhere from offering to take our bags to our room, to opening the door (chilvary isn't dead here), to hailing cabs, directions, you name it.. they were there. *Front desk and concierge were helpful for all of our needs including a change of room, which the front desk provided the day after our initial stay which we didn't mind as we came to check in at 2am and weren't even thinking about relocating. *The rooms were great, the showeris definitely a conversation piece with the clear glass dividing the shower and the bedroom. *The bed and pillows were super comfy! We wanted to take it home along with the bedding. *Big flat tv, Keurig machine with coffee and tea cartridge, affordable mini bar, ipod/iphone player, alarm clock, office desk. *Bathroom necessities always plentiful. (Shower gel, Shampoo, ear buds, towels) *Vertigo was a nice amenity *Great location - right in the heart of downtown. Close to restaurants, transit stops, theater, etc. *They kept our baggage in storage for the last few hours we were in Chicago to sightsee! That was very helpful of them. *Housekeeping was very attentive and when there was a request.. they were right behind it. *Free use of the in room safe was definitely a reassurance. *We were staying on the 14th floor which didn't seem to hear the reminants of the Friday and Saturday night partying up on the roof, any further up I would reconsider, but the hotel front desk are really conscious of it at the time of booking. Cons. There were a couple of mis-design, but nothing too major. *In the first room, 11th floor (no floor to ceiling windows, but it did have a balcony), there was a shower door that leaked into the bathroom.. there was a good half an inch space between the door and the wall. We were switched into the comfy king due to personal request, we were situated into an upgrade of a room located on the 14th floor -which was excellent. *I particularly did not like the fact that there was not an entrance solely for Vertigo. The bar patrons were using the same elevators as guest who were staying at the hotel. Could be a security flaw, but we weren't particularly bothered but you never know. *The walls are thin, but it didn't seem to bother us at all. *The city sounds were serene to us, but for some could be bothersome. *The window blinds would be one solitary blind as opposed to three different un-overlapping blind that would let sun through.. not good for those that only sleep in complete darkness. N/A. Did not have any experience in the following. Room Service Pay per view channels Exercise Room Aja - In house restaurant. MiniBar - did not purchase. I would definitely favor this hotel on our next trip back to Chicago."
