I work right down the street, and been to Xoco four times now. You can say I've enjoyed it! I've been watching One Plate at a Time on PBS for a few years now too, so as most people writing a review, I'm a Rick Bayless fan. Also, as I think its relevant for this review, my mom's side of the family all are from Mexico (Tabasco) and the family business is making chocolate. Growing up I spent quite a bit of time there so I like to think I know something about true mexican food. I went on opening day for lunch around 11:15am, and waited about 15 minutes which wasn't too bad. My first go around I ordered the torta ahogada and a jamaica agua fresca. The torta ahogada is still my favorite food item on the menu. I ordered it hot, and they aren't kidding around! I love spicy food, so this was fine but I usually expect hot to be medium in most restaurants. The jamaica was amazing too, and a great refreshing drink to go along with the spicy meal. For round 2, I decided to try breakfast before going into work. No wait time around 8:30am. I ordered the Aztec Hot Chocolate. It tasted just like my grandma's! Amazing. And later I would learn, Xoco imports their chocolate from Tabasco. The Aztec is my favorite drink item on the menu. I also had the spinach and egg empanada, which was good but probably wouldn't get it again (it looks like they have some better breakfast items). Round 3, I went for dinner after work. I got there around 5:45pm and there was no wait again. My suggestion is to find an off peak time to go visit for the best experience. I ordered the short rib caldo along with the Jamaica. The caldo was quite good, although wish their was more meat. But it hit the spot for a cold October evening. I finally got a friend to come with me for round 4 last night, and this time it was at 6:30pm with a wait. The floor manager said 30 minutes but it felt more like 20, but maybe its because I had good company to pass the time. I got the gunthrop chicken torta with avacado which was excellent. Along with an authentic hot chocolate, I was in heaven. I'd recommend making it over to Xoco, preferably during non peak times and enjoy a great meal. Yeah its a bit pricey, but almost everything in the 4 block radius is. Now, just got to study the menu and decide what's for round 5!
