It's official... I am in love. Twas the night of a birthday celebration and I, yours truly, was the first of a nine person celebration. The hostess, ever so sweet, greeted me, took my name, and I sat at the bar. I took in my surroundings and a glass of a wonderful malbec. The restaurant was different that I remembered. However, I was here when it was under another name. This particular evening I was charmed by the rustic feel, parts of wine crates layering the walls, wine bottles stacked along the walls in the brick arches, interesting light fixtures, and the laid back vibe of the crowd. At 7:30pm on a Monday there were a decent amount of patrons, but by 8:00pm you would have thought that we fast forwarded to the weekend! Where did everyone come from? My friend Bahi K showed up shortly after I did, followed by another friend. Bahi, who had been here before, took the bull by the horns and ordered some starters for us. Focaccia di Recco was offered compliments of the bar staff. It appeared to be your usual flatbread, somewhat benign. I took a bite and then it was all over... To sum it up in one word: LOVE. The buttery goodness melted into my tongue and I gasped. I was captured unexpectedly. My friend ordered several delights: crispy pork belly + apple mostarda, tomato on the vine with fresh mozzarella, and pizza with foraged mushrooms, braised leeks, taleggio, and truffle oil. First of the all, the crispy pork belly reminded me of a traditional Filipino delicacy 'cept fancier. Yummy. The tomato with fresh mozzarella was mouthwatering good. And the pizza!?! I normally hate mushrooms, but this was enough to convince me otherwise. All this was just while we were waiting for our table. More of our friends joined us, alcohol started flowing faster, and we were eventually seated in the back at a large table. Bahi ordered more of the same and added: Cacio e pepe (basically spaghetti), Uovo in raviolo 'san domenico' (ravioli), truffle egg toast + fontina + asparagus, and finally, roasted beets + walnut butter + creme fraiche + candied walnuts, and don't forget the unforgettable, roasted squash + farro + whipped goat chees + hazelnuts + watercress. For the record, I LOVED LOVED LOVED every single morsel that entered my mouth. It was like that impossible true love we all seek to find, except in a restaurant. :) The service is awesome, the food an even higher superlative. It was the perfect place to spend a night of indulgence with friends. And unlike more recent love affairs, I know I won'tregret this in the morning.
