I'm always a little skeptical of anything "Asian fusion." What's so fusion about mango chicken? Which seems to be on every menu at these kinds of places. End rant. Sunda absolutely delivered. Actually, it exceeded any expectation I might have had.  The Space: Although I was traveling alone, I was told reservations were a must, so I made one. But when I walked in, the only place where I wanted to sit was their lounge area just to the right of the entrance. It drops down a few steps to make it an even cozier little area. You could either sit on the wraparound communal bench with your back turned towards the street/window + admire the whole restaurant or you could sit on the wobbly stool facing the street/window + people watch. I chose to admire the restaurant. It's a pretty cool space, super high ceilings, dimly lit all around. There's a sushi bar, a long communal table in the middle of the main dining room, and then tables all around. The Service: My hostess was definitely a bit rude in the "I'm speaking to you in a really polite tone, but deep down really don't feel like talking to you" kind of way, so I was beyond happy to have been given a server who was the complete opposite. Noelle - not the peppy "let me brown nose my way for a better tip" kind of server. She was a low-key kind of friendly, not over the top. She was also gorgeous! Totally girl crushed on this woman. BONUS! I am a Foursquare superuser, and therefore received 20% off my bill because I "checked in." Noelle had no idea about the promotion, but she was happy to honor it. The Food: The reason I chose to dine here was because a particular item caught my eye: Pork Adobo Flake Fried Rice. I am part Filipino, and Adobo (I prefer chicken) is a super popular Filipino dish I grew up with. I'd never seen it on a menu in a real U.S. restaurant before (other than my local hole-in-the-wall, home-cooking kinds of places). But adobo fried rice??? I had to try this. So I ordered: Pork Adobo Flake Fried Rice (5 stars) - This can be shared or enjoyed as an entre. With a fried egg on top, this was tasty, had depths of flavor, rice was well-cooked, perfect balance of saltiness/soy sauce & garlic (really important in adobo), meaty chunks of pork (hate it when it's so fatty), an overall winner. Chicken & Mushroom Meatball (5 stars) - Three skewers with meatballs each. Served hot & fresh, very tender, juicy, delicious, another winner. Longevity Garlic Noodles (3.75 stars) - This is definitely a good side dish to share, and I think is more enjoyable in smaller portions. I could definitely taste the butter & the garlic without it being overkill. Could've used another ingredient to me, maybe a fresh herb, but that's just me. The noodles were a little too soft for me, but I'm not sure if that's how it's supposed to be cooked. I'm probably being picky, but oh well! Tellin' it like how I tasted it. ;) I do realize this is alot of food for a tiny girl, but when I travel alone I try to make friends with table next to me so I can share my food. As soon as it arrives, I'm always like, "Omg this is so much food... Would you please have some?" :) I hate wasting food! And it's not like I can heat it up in my hotel room. When unsuccessful at befriending a table, I give away to the first homeless person I see. Wish I had more people with me because there is soo much more on the menu I would love to try! Not going to start naming them because it messes with Yelp's review highlights. I will definitely be back, Sunda. Thank you for one amazing, memorable meal. I was here 6 weeks ago, but the flavors are still so clear to me. That definitely translates into: You must dine here.
