Now that's what I call a meat party!!! I'm trying as hard as possible to avoid all the carbs (yummy, yummy carbs) so when it was time to make a decision for my birthday dinner I immediately thought of this place. I have never been to a Brazilian steak house and figured this would be a good opportunity to try it out. To start the salad bar is incredible. The waiters tell you "the trick is to take it easy on the salad bar" but I went in hard anyway. If this were a normal salad bar I'd agree with the waiter but this one is full of all kinds of delicious. I had artichoke hearts, fresh mozzarella, lox, prosciutto, salami, sun dried tomatoes, parmesan ... it goes on and on. It was so good I took another trip over at the end of the meal. There is so much meat, too much to talk about all of them. My favorite was the filet, the bacon wrapped filet and the parmesan crusted pork. All of it was good and cooked to the temperature of your liking. Good and super meaty! The service here is unbelievable. It is really what made the night and the experience so great. You get these little cards that are red on one side and green on the other. You get to take your time in the beginning with the salad bar, wine, etc. When you're ready you flip the card to green and that signals the meat parade. The cards hadn't even landed on the table before our plates and side dishes were dropped and three gauchos were lined up trying to feed us beef. It continued like that throughout the entire meal. At one point my boyfriend starting quietly singing "Happy Birthday" to me and 5 minutes later a waitress drops a huge slice of cheesecake with a candle and "Happy Birthday" written in raspberry syrup. She was not told to do this, she just overheard the little song. Super cute and awesome. It is pretty expensive. Don't get me wrong, I love an expensive meal, but I feel like all you can eat places aren't very beneficial to me since I can't really eat that much. I'd rather eat just one amazing $50 steak I think. My boyfriend on the other hand probably polished off a quarter of a cow. This is a great place for men. There were so many man dates there I had to laugh. Half of the dining room was couples and the other half were just tables full of men chowing down on meat. Honestly, take your man, your dad, whoever here and they will love you forever.
