This place, start-to-finish, is designed for the trendy, thirty-something demographic: Space - rough loft space with clean lines, warm colors, dark wood, modern furnishings. Drinks - mixologist-caliber concoctions made with exotic juices and liquors, with care taken too be interesting but smooth (not too boozy-tasting). Food - small-but-towering-on-a-big-plate interpretations of traditional ingredients combined to create a harmony of flavors that is unique in and of itself. Music - 80's & early 90s pop and "alternative". Attitude - casual & friendly. Simple, one-word categories of food: cold, hot, sea land, sweet, snack, drink (just like your favorite 90's band! And isn't brevity the real key to wit?). So - being a thirty-something, self-proclaimed foodie who hates anything snottily contrived - I felt very comfortable here. When my husband called ahead to ask whether there was a dress-code (it was, after all, a little hard to get a reservation) the hostess informed him that dress-code was totally casual. She suggested he show up in dirty swim trunks, a wife-beater-tank and flip-flops. He told her he was thinking something a little more along the lines of assless chaps and a feather boa, to which she replied "that sounds fabulous!" (awesome). The servers all don jeans, Chuck Taylors and brown t-shirts. I'm not much of a "cocktail" person anymore, but the "special" cocktails sounded so interesting I had to give them a try...my mom and I split: Pisco Criolla - pisco/aperol, summer strawberry, sparkling wine, rhubarb puree. This pink drink, presented in a martini glass, was like a Cosmo for grown-ups. Oura Mino - leblon cachaca, golden fruit, muddled basil, ginger beer. A mixologist's take on the mojito, this cocktail was light, refreshing with hints of melon and very interesting. A perfect summer cocktail. Both of these drinks are (as I imagine the rest are as well) HIGHLY dangerous as they are tasty and extremely smooth. It's been 8 years since I've tended bar (at upscale joints) and I am TOTALLY (and happily) outta the loop. I definitely prefer being on the other side of the bar. They also offer (though we didn't try) a short list of "edible" cocktails: Bloody Mary, Bellini, Pina Colada & Spanish Sangria. Booze in ice or gelee form accompanied by appropriate accouterments. What an interesting concept! The food? RICH RICH RICH...and delicious! We were first presented with a large bowl of salt & vinegar popcorn which was surprisingly addictive. This was my 2 y.o. son's first experience with popcorn and he loved it so much I fear he'll be spoiled for the normal stuff. For appetizers we had the truffled potato gnocchi, beef tenderloin tartare and a crabmeat gazpacho. The gazpacho was fresh and summery. The beef tartare had a hickory smoked ice cream and barnaise panna cotta that were TO DIE FOR. But the gnocchi? INCREDIBLE! If you make it out to Graham Elliot you HAVE to try this stuff. Short of the fried egg-on-top it's a veggie-friendly dish so you have NO excuses! For entrees I had the Skate (fish), my Mom had the chicken and my husband the beef short-rib stroganoff (FYI, the menu described online is slightly different from what was available tonight and I'm sure it will be different when you dine here). The chicken was PERFECTLY cooked but I wasn't wild about the summer potato salad accompaniment. The Skate was delicious. It was a little firm and salty for a piece of fish, so a bit of a surprise, but I liked it. If you're not big on seafood strong in "Yang" or "Umami" in taste, this might not be for you. I was hesitant to order it because of the raisin-chutney, brown butter accompaniment, but the tartness of this was the perfect compliment to the richness of the fish and the buttery flavor of the polenta cake. My husband LOVED the stroganoff...and he's NOT easily impressed!  I had a taste and was also thoroughly impressed. For dessert we had the Fudge-peanut butter brownie and the spice krispie treat. The brownie was meh. The spice krispie treat tasted like my favorite home-scent spray smells: spicy and fruity. I can't explain why but the scent/taste of this dish reminded me of one of my favorite vacations...I LOVED it! GO HERE. For what it is, it's a reasonably-priced treat and a really refreshing spin on the "new, hot & trendy" restaurants that Chicago offers almost weekly. If you don't feel like waiting for a reservation, go early - 5:30-6pm - sit at the bar and try the "snacks" and the fancy cocktails. Next time I come here - and there WILL be a "next time - this is what I plan to do..."One of each and a cab home, please!"
