I have been to this location several times, and it's always been just OK. However, after today's experience, I will NEVER set foot in this place AGAIN! Before I start, I just have to say that I NEVER send food back at restaurants unless it's completely inedible, and I NEVER complain about little things, because I know how hard it is to work at a restaurant, and sometimes things happen. But some things are just unacceptable. We ordered a pizza for pickup. Once we started eating it, we found a slice with a big black hair baked INTO the pizza. OK, gross, but we just put that piece aside. I took another slice, and cut it in half, only to find ANOTHER hair baked into the pizza!! GRODY. I called the restaurant and told them what we'd found, and the guy I spoke to said that we can bring it back and they'll give us another pizza. He offered to deliver the new pizza, but I wanted to go back so I could SHOW them the hairs. So, we go back to the restaurant with the rest of our hairy pizza, and none of the people that work there seem to care AT ALL that this has happened. Complete lack of remorse. When we show him the hairs, the guy doesn't even look at it, just closes the box and puts it aside. I mean, if it were me, I would be totally embarrassed and apologetic, and would make an effort to make it right as quickly as possible! The guy tells us we will have to wait for the new pizza. As my co-worker and I are sitting there, we decide that we don't really want any more pizza at all, so I ask him if I can get a refund instead. He says, Well, if that's what you wanted, you should have told me, now I have another pizza that I'm going to have to throw away. Well, OK, I guess he has a point, so I begrudgingly sit down to wait. A few minutes later, he asks me the name on our order, and he says, OK, I'll just put the refund back on your card. Uhh, OK? Make up your mind, dude! And as he is ringing this up, a guy comes out of the kitchen with the new pizza, and he says, No, take it away, they don't want it. ARG! I shoulda grabbed it and ran. AND THEN, to top things off, I checked the receipt as we were walking out, and the jerk only refunded me for the price of the pizza, not for the tax!!! WTF is that? By then I didn't want to deal with the attitude anymore and I decided to let it go. Worst $2.19 I have ever spent. The only apology I received was a halfhearted "Sorry about that" as he handed me the refund receipt. I can't understand how a place could have NO customer service. They gave us an inferior product, and they should WANT to make it better, and keep us as customers, NOT make us feel like we are doing something wrong. We never yelled or were rude, so I don't see why they would treat us like we were causing a huge problem. If you MUST go to Giordano's, there are a ton of them in the city. Skip the Prudential Plaza location and try another one.
