I am gonna say it! Make a freakin' reservation and quit your whining!! This place is busy! Its in a popular part of town! And when its busy...dont expect the same fast service you would get at Taco Bell. Jeezy Crezzy! Now that thats done... I am a slave to BYOB. Its just cuz I would rather spend my ducats on good food as opposed to paying triple the wine cost...plus I have a pretty good wine supply at home or there is a liquor store on the corner that has started carrying a pretty nice Riesling/ Gewrztraminer/ and bubbles selection. Coast is one of those places we go to have a good time when we(fella or girlfriends in tow) are feeling shnazzy. We make a reservation, normally a couple of days (or hours) in advance. Recommend using the days in advance when wanting a spot thurs- sun. And they have never treated us wrong. And sometimes we come to party- nine or ten people deep. The hosts/ servers will keep your spare bottles in the back, and do bring a spare. My fella and I always say we are a 2 bottle couple. And trust me, when this place is rockin'- it may take a full bottle just to get you through appetizers. (And there is nothing wrong with that!!) Hip Hip Hoorah for a restaurant that is successful! I also am a slave to miso soup. Upon hearing that Coast does a spicy miso, all the texan in me came out with a "giddy up game on"! Boy, is it spicy, loaded with jalapenos-a perfect companion to the spritzy fruity vinho verde that we usually bring along. In the past, I have tried everything from their salmon spring rolls (with the most delicious curry sauce that will make you wish you had a bowl of it to dip your fingers), the seared scallops (done almost perfectly- and I am a scallop whore), to the sunny side up egg/ mushroom combo (my motto: when feeling eggs- just go for it!) and nothing has done me wrong---but those are just appetizers. Thank god for that second bottle! I like a taste of everything- which means Coast's $21 large sushi plate is all I typically get. Nine pieces of sushi, a california roll, and a cup of that scrumptious miso soup---is that really that pricey?? Uh, no, I dunno think so. Like most sushi restaurants, the individual sushi is more spendy, But duh! Go with a game plan! And true to form, I always save room for those tasty mochi balls at the end.
