AAAHH! Can't wait to go back! My cousin and I went here for lunch on a sweltering weekday. We could wait 45 minutes for an inside table or be seated immediately outside. Because we were starving, we decided to sweat it out. We didn't have anything to drink - I think I would have passed out from the heat. We started with the corn appetizer and the prosciutto escarole bread balls. The corn was a cold salad consisting of fresh, sweet corn kernels, minced walnuts, arugula, and rosemary with olive oil, a touch of vinegar, and some spices (I think maybe red pepper flakes?). This was delicious! They were a bit heavy-handed with the olive oil, but I didn't mind because it was so fruity/grassy. The prosciutto escarole bread balls were gumball-sized fried balls that sat on a bed of tomato sauce and did not taste particularly like prosciutto or escarole. They tasted fine but were not as special. For our mains, we went with the mussels with pancetta, creme fraiche, and marjoram, and the milk-braised pork shoulder with mashed potatoes. The mussels were AMAZING - large, fresh, and tender. The broth was UMAMI HEAVEN and was very light despite the creme fraiche. The addition of pancetta, garlic, and shallots (I think) was wonderful. Sadly, the mussels only came with two toast points (perfectly buttery) for us to dunk in the broth. We had no shame, though, and were drinking the broth straight up. Oh, and the mussels came in one of those adorable pig-shaped bowls. The milk-braised pork shoulder was ridiculously tender and tasty. However, after the flavor explosion that was the mussels, I was a little disappointed here. Also, the mashed potatoes were extremely oversalted and pretty much inedible. I talked with some friends afterwards, and they said I must have eaten it on an off day. For dessert, we shared a berry crostada, which was topped with mascarpone (or some sort of similar sweet cheese) and drizzled with a wonderful basil syrup. I think I need to make basil syrup with my basil plant now and drizzle it all over everything. We also got the Sicilian iris - ricotta and chocolate chip-filled fried brioche. This looked like a humongous donut dusted with powdered sugar and tasted very similar. There was just the right amount of ricotta and melty chocolate chips inside so as not to feel super guilty while eating this (although personally, I would have preferred for it to be stuffed to the gills). My cousin absolutely loved the Sicilian iris and couldn't stop talking about it. I liked it, but is it terrible that I'd rather have a cider mill donut? (Franklin Cider Mill, to be exact...) Oh, and sitting outside in 94-degree weather ended up being tolerable. The awning provided a good amount of shade, and there was a bit of a breeze. The bussers kept bringing us ice water, which was very helpful. Our server was extremely awkward and irritating, but it's OK... the food was just so incredible. I will be back!
