We went to the Gage for easter--thought i would have been more crowded but i seemed to be an avg day for any resturant on a sunday at 2:30... 9 in our group--2 kids one 7yrs and one 2 1/2 yrs--no kids menu online--none given at the resturant--verbal of 3 things--mac n cheese, chickne fingers and something else that i didnt hear(noise level was loud in the resturant)--kids orderd mac n cheese--may i say this--OUTSTANDING--best mac n cheese--no box stuff here--the real deal cheese sauce--the whole table shared it--waitress said the portion was huge and 1 order would be eonoug for the 2 kids--the resturant split it for us--no need to ask for a seprate bowl--nice! 2 of us odered starters--the frys with gravy(not the officail name of course)--have to say i wanted them to be better--they were ok--def only had one small serving before the taset grated on me.. cheese fondu--huge HIT--everyone loved it--including my picky 7yr old--trust me this says ALOT--would love to have eaten the entire thing by myself and ot share :)--mmmmmm 2 onion soups--looked good--smelld wonderfull--didnt get to taste, but they said it was great.. i had the lamb stew--it was ehhh--ok--not the flavor i was expecting--it was flavorfull--kinda like a curry--tased ok, just not what i expected or wanted--nice portion though.. a few had fish and chips--looked and tasted like your avg fish and chips(tasted hubbys) nothing special there.. turkey saldad samich--huge! 3 people could have easily eaten this--even my SIL boyfriend said it was alot--he said it was very good--didnt taste it so i'll go by his word.. pork shoulder samich--HUGE as well--SIL said it was awesome--looked good--wished i could have tased it--SIL was at the oppisite end of the table i was at... service was good--not great and NOT bad--a real "good" rating.. why my 3 stars--i expected more out of the yelp 4 star--didnt cut the mustard for a 4 star.. could have been just a tiny bit more welcoming to kids seeing s they are directly across from mileniumn park... i would go again--3 stars in my book means i would go again...
