Oh. My. God. I've only been a vegan for about 4 weeks. I came here last weekend with my best friend, who happens to be vegan and recommended this place. Completing the first 3 weeks of my vegan-ism i was having some serious cravings... eggs, cheese, milk, cheese, burgers, cheese, CHEESE. We arrived around 6:30 on Saturday so i knew there was going to be a wait. The hostess was super nice and cute. Told us about 45 minutes and directed us to the heated back waiting area. Luckily, there were some menus out so we were able to look over it before actually getting seated. They bring you to your table through the back door, which goes right through the kitchen. At first i thought it was weird, but after thinking about it, i liked that i was able to see the kitchen. The kitchen (and the cooks!) were clean and i was pleasantly surprised. :) When we were seated we got primo seating... table along the wall, right by the front window. We decided that we were going to split everything we ordered, so we could try as many things as possible. We ordered the "cheeze" sticks with homemade marinara and they were delicious! They looked like a shorter version of fried asparagus. The marinara was fantastic!!!!! Hugo ordered the "Barbecue Bacon Burger" with sweet potato fries and i ordered the "fried chicken" sandwich with macaroni and cheeze. I was fully prepared for the sodium filled veggie burger taste but i was pleasantly surprised! The barbecue sauce was thinner than normal sauce, but it was also sweeter. Im not a huge fan of sweet potatoes, so i wasnt to keen on the fries, but Hugo loved them. THE MAC AND CHEEZE WAS SO GOOD. I tried making homemade vegan mac and cheeze but it was terrible, so i was still craving it from a week earlier. It was so good, i retracted our agreement to share everything because i could not even think about sharing it.. We got the peanut butter cake for desert and it was decent. The cake was semi dry, but the caramel and peanut butter was soft and gooey. Just a tip- before i came here, i bought a choc chip cookie made by the diner at Whole Foods and it was so good i couldn't believe it! They sell their cookies in packs of 12 (I think) at the diner, and they are much cheaper than at whole foods (and probably fresher!). I am a huge fan. I wish i didn't JUST move out of lakeview and into Wicker Park, because i would be here all the time! This will be my new pre-lakeview-drinking dinner!!
