Hmmmm. This place is seriously testing my patience and quickly wasting any intial honeymoon period good will it might have built up. I will start at the beginning. I came here a looooong time ago, right after they opened, and their fish and chips caught my eye. I seriously savaged the dish and probably made an ass of myself at the same time but they honestly make the best fish and chips in the world. On a separate visit my bf ordered the cod sandwich, holy shit! The cod sandwich is just the fish and chips plus bread and cheese (more fish) and five dollars cheaper (wtf?)! On another visit I ordered the reuben and oh my god, amazing. The dressing was incredible, the beef was so good it literally begged to get fucked softly.  And flash forward to this past weekend when I ordered the o burrito and what happened next seemingly blew away the three stars that would have made this a five star review/retrospective. My bf noticed they had fish and chips on the brunch menu and that they obviously had bread as people were ordering hamburgers and sandwiches. He asked the waitress if they were serving the cod sandwich (fish and chips in a sandwich) and she said no. The answer itself warranted grabbing her head and pointing it at a burger and then at some one eating fish and chips so that she could see that they in theory, are serving the sandwich and have every ingredient to make the sandwich and making the sandwich would only require one or two extra steps but that just seemed impossible to her. We asked if the o burrito could be made sans bangers, the answer was also no because it is 'pre-made.' WHAT THE FUCK WAS SHE TALKING ABOUT?!? The banger mix could have easily been not used!!!!! My bf ended up getting the fish and chips which showed up looking haggard, like it had just gone on a week-long heroin binge; seriously lacking in quantity and quality and at fifteen dollars, a complete fucking insult.  To top off the fuckery that came to pass, the waitress spent a good half hour ignoring us and chatting up another waitress by the bar...she had no other tables to serve.
