There are a few restaurants in Chicago that I have always wanted to go to and for some reason have never made it to. Tru was on that list until last night. Tim W., Mystery Man, and I made 7:30 reservations and when doing so expressed our interest in doing a beer pairing with our meal. We arrived just before 7:30 and were promptly ushered to the perfect table smack dab in the middle of all the action. Our server, Israel, greeted us and inquired about our desire to match beers with our courses.  To help make our selections we decided to start the table off with a bottle of Barboursville Viognier from Virginia (yeah, our Virginia!). The wine was absolutely lovely and a great example of how delicious this grape can be. It also helped that the bottle was value priced at just $48. So we enjoyed our breads, lot's of butter, our amuse buche, our bottle of wine, and the table across from us before digging into our first course. Each of us opted for the three course menu for $95 and all ordered different appetizers and entrees. Mystery Man started with the Lobster Soup with Spoonbread. We expected lobster bisque, but the soup itself was a simple delicious broth with chunks of lobster and spoonbreads. I had the Diver Sea Scallops with Red Pepper Essence, Chorizo, and Avocado Dumplings. The scallops were beautifully cooked. The avocado dumplings were unique and delicious. However, the presence of chorizo was not all too apparent and the emulsion didn't add much value to the dish. Both Mystery Man and I's appetizers were paired with Klumbacher Brauerei Eku Pils. I typically don't drink pilsners, but this beer was superb and paired well with our dishes. Tim W. started with the Prime Beef Tartare with Raspberry Powder, Red Pepper, and Zucchini. Tim W. won round one hands down with this dish. The tartare was outstanding on its own, but the accompaniments really made this dish stand out. The tartate was paired beautifully with a bottle of Indica IPA from the Lost Coast Brewery. Mystery Man ordered the Hawaiian Orange Marlin with Heart of Palm, Baby Carrot, Leek, and Sauce Provencale for his entre. None of us had ever eaten Marlin before and the fish was delicate and well cooked. The beer paired with this dish was a bottle of Brasserie Duyck St. Druon de Sebouej. Tim W. once again ordered well by going with the Salt-Crusted Cervena Venison with Cocoa, Olive, and Blood Orange. The venison loin is "unearthed ", carved, and plated table side. Almost every bite presented subtle hints of cocoa, olives, and blood orange. A savory cocoa mousse with cocoa mashed potatoes was another highlight of this dish. I typically don't like venison because of its gamey flavor, but venison was perfectly cooked and the game didn't hit you over the head. They paired the venison with a bottle of Out of Bounds Stout from the Avery Brewing Company in Boulder, CO. Last but not least I ordered the Suckling Pig, Zucchini Pave, Licorice, Kumquats, and Pig Jus. The licorice was actually cooked down black Twizzlers. A bit gimmicky for me, but overall the dish was solid. The highlight of this dish came in the form of Tempura Zucchini. This dish was paired with the hands down best beer of the evening, the Koninjshoeven Quadrupel Trappist Ale. The nose on this beer was almost indescribable and the taste lived up to the noses promise.  For dessert, both Tim W. and I ordered the Chocolate Souffl served with Cinnamon Ice Cream and a Camp Fire Marshmallow. The souffl was yummy, but was showed up by the Cinnamon Ice Cream. The ice cream was "Holy Shit!" good. Mystery Man, who doesn't like chocolate or peaches, went with the Roasted Pineapple with Coconut Ice Cream. This dish was another win on the dessert column. The desserts were paired with a bottle of Coffee Porter from Meantime Brewery.  The decor at Tru is subtly modern and understated. The restaurant showcases a handful of modern works of art that add the occasional burst of color. For the most part the interior remains a blank canvas that allows the food to shine as it should. The staff was perfect! Our server adapted to our personal style quickly and didn't miss a beat or a subtle dirty joke. Israel also provided outstanding beer pairings and seemed genuinely excited to accept our challenge of pairing their contemporary cuisine with "beer". The chef de cuisine also paid a visit to our table to discuss the food and beer pairing. He also extended us an offer to come back for an even more elaborate beer driven pairing. Solid food paired with exceptional service made Tru worth the wait. 3 Prixe Fixe 6 Beers 1 Bottle of Wine 1 Cappucino ---------------------------- $500.00
