The more I visit, the more I like this place. I've lost track of how many times I've been here for drinks or dinner, with friends or dates. One thing is for sure, a trip to the Gage is never boring. There's the celebrity sightings like Graham Elliot and Mayor Richard M. Daley. There's the getting hit on by a table full of men on my way to the bathroom. And the countless interesting conversations I've had with the people I came here with. A week ago, I visited the Gage with some lovely friends and had the delicious, towering, juicy Gage burger with caramelized onions and Camembert cheese. It came with great fries too. Washed it down with a fantastic pale ale. One week later on a Monday night, I returned with a date and came face to face with Mayor Daley on the way to our table. I'm staring at him as he's trying to pass by me and I'm thinking he looks really familiar. Who is this rosy-cheeked, short, round, old man, and then I realize holy shit, it's Daley!!! How cool is that? Mayor Daley likes the Gage too. I glanced back at my date to make sure he had noticed who we just passed and sure enough, he had noticed too.  We started with beers, a pale ale and stout. Shared the "Scotch Egg" appetizer--what is a scotch egg, you ask? It's a hard-boiled egg, wrapped in a sausage meat mixture, coated in breadcrumbs and deep-fried. Pretty good to try once, not sure if I'll order it again. I had the fish and chips (Guinness batter, malt tartar sauce) and my date ordered the burger. Both were great. For dessert, we had the cinnamon stick crme brle, which was delightfully good. On my way to the bathroom, I was stopped by a table full of rowdy men who were all too happy to see me and wanted me to join them at their table and as I'm smiling and walking away, one of them asks me "What's your name?" The best comeback I could think of--"Why don't you go OVER THERE and ask MY DATE what my name is!" Last week, our server was great. This week, I didn't like our server, he took too long to come back to our table. But for the most part, service here has been close to excellent. Good service, good food, great atmosphere, celebrities, and never a boring night at the Gage.
