THE REVIEW Is fine dining dead? Not as long as Tru is still around. I'm not talking about the molecular gastronomy version of fine dining. I'm talking about a restaurant experience where the classic pillars of fine dining are in perfect harmony: Food, Wine, Decor, Service. Tru restores the grace and beauty of fine dining. I had a wonderful evening that lasted 3 hours. Tru is located on a very posh street. The very prestigious Relais & Chateaux plaque adorns the outside entrance. A Gerhard Richter piece hangs on the wall behind the reservationist. A Bang and Olufson CD Player resides in the bar area. The main dining room is very dramatic with high ceilings. The tables are all well spaced. The decor has a very subdued color palette---the only bursts of color coming from two floral arrangements in the center of the dining room and the ornately presented food flowing out the kitchen from the uber modern glass sliding doors. I sat at a deuce that allowed me to view the enormous dining room. There are only 24 tables! The menu book has the soothing feel of soft leather. The menus are printed on thick high quality paper stock. The table linens are neatly pressed. Tru rewards highly perceptive diners that appreciate all these subtle nuances. The staff is very professional---leaning towards a bit too serious. You get the vibe that the servers just might correct you on the pronounciation of certain menu items. However, once engaged, the staff members warm up and allow their passion for good service to shine. Some reviews have criticized the food. The food was excellent. My friend was treating so we both elected to order the 3 course Prix Fixe which I highly recommend. $95 gets you 3 courses. The non-prix fixe menu titled "Collections" is well organized. There's a little bit of everything for everyone.: Luxury, Grand Tasting (6 courses), Chef's Tasting (9 courses). The Luxury collection offers a trifecta of luxury: Genuine Wagyu Beef (3 oz) $70, Caviar with Garnishes $250, and Whole Roasted Foie Gras ($145). I'll have to save up for that type of indulgence. Luckily, the 3 course menu offers just as much excitement. I ordered the Alaskan King Crab Leg, with fresh whipped cream, Osetra caviar. My buddy ordered Seared Foie Gras with white bean puree and Dashi gel. Dee-lish! The King Crab was a beautiful composition of the plump leg sliced on a bias nestled on a warm puree of onion or leek. The server gently drapes the caviar sauce on top of the crab pieces. SO YUMMY! We each had a wine pairing. For main course, I had the Swan Creek Farm Suckling Pig with zucchini pave, licorice, kumquats, and pork jus. This was insane! Pork dishes these days tend to be too greasy. DOn't get me wrong. I love pork fat! I just don't love eating a chunk of fat in one bite. The kitchen did an awesome job of rendering enough fat; preserving just enough to keep the meat moist and succulent. The skin was crispy and wafer thin. This was one gentrified piece of pork heaven. My friend ordered the Braised Short Rib with Unagi, scallion pistou, and miso emulsion. Glazed unagi pieces rested on top of equally glazed tender pieces of Short rib. I didn't sample, but the dish was also a winner. One of the highlights was my red wine pairing: 2004 Bell Hill Pinot Noir Old Weka Pass Road. Now, this wine was awesome! Inspires me to start collecting wine. Our server gave us a tour of the kitchen before dessert. The kitchen was immaculate. The Executive Chef, Tim Graham, was very gracious. It was a pleasure meeting him and his team. For dessert, I ordered the Chocolate Bar. My friend had the milk chocolate-bergamot cream. What do i need to say about chocolate that hasn't already been said? Tru offers a generous array of mignardises. I don't remember them all, but the liquid truffle and the lollipop were my faves. And if you were still hungry, the restaurant places miniature individually wrapped financiers by the exit. They even walked me out to my cab with an umbrella because it was raining. Now that is service! The check was probably $400 with tax and tip. Just remember that this is a special occasion restaurant. So that price tag is well worth what you get in return. Tru is a winner, period. I'll be back.
