This event occurred during the Holiday season this past year, but occurs every time we frequent this place. The foods great and I can't say enough about it, but every time we go it's a 30+ minute wait just to get in! You sit out in the cold and it's annoying, you think your entering some hot club but it's just a diner...they really need to expand or get a new building or something cause it's just a joke (anytime between 5pm and close, it's awful) just this alone makes me shutter at the idea of going back, but wait there's more! The space is always cramped. Once you get in (don't slip on the kitchen floor) you get sat at a table that is roughly 2ft by 2ft so never order a full course meal. The last time my date and I got an appetizer, tea, and a full meal (sandwich and salad).The tea arrived first, which was great with agave, but once we used our hot water jugs and both the glasses were filled, the hot water jugs just sat on the table the whole night and no one came to take them away until our check came, taking up much needed table space! Adding to this was no one came to take away our appetizer trays until half way after our full meals were gone and this again made for a hard eating experience. All I can say is seriously...wth?It just seems like this place is always understaffed and doesn't have a clue what to do next. I always see staff hanging out by the bar just chilling to when there are people up to their elbows in plates and other crap, it's ridiculous!Other atmospheric problems:-People kicking your chair every five seconds-Customers stepping on your coat every other minute-People next to you yelling to the people across from them (over the music; excuse me if I come to eat, not to club)-Not being able to hear or communicate with the person you're with what so ever.All and all, the experience was not one that I'm looking forward to returning too. Yet, my BF is a vegan, so I'm sure I'll have to be back. Just letting you know of what you're getting yourself into beforehand.Buffalo Wings  9/10Radical Ruben  7/10Smoothie (Strawberry)  8/10Service   1/10Atmosphere  2/10
