How dare people even give this place anything less than 5 stars! Rick Bayless is a sheer genius. In case you didn't know, this is his flagship restaurant. I was completely looking forward to trying this place and it lived up to ALL my expectations! Four words: BEST. MEXICAN. FOOD. EVER. Here's what we ordered: Drinks-- *Scarlet wave - fresh squeezed limeade floating with jamaica flower tea (iced, tangy tea of crimson Jamaica flowers) w/ dash of peychaud *Tangerine mojito - aromatic honey tangerines, d'aristi yucetan rum, lime, fresh mint. Both drinks were unique and refreshing! I felt like I was in heaven :) Appetizers-- *Trio, trio, trio - three ceviches (see below for more detail) Ceviche Fronterizo (lime-marinated hawaian albacore with tomatoes, olives, cilantro, green chile; on crispy tostados) The lime was excellent and strong! Cilantro flavor was wonderful! You could tell it had been marinated for hours!!! Ceviche Yucateco (steamed mexican blue shrimp and calamri, lime, orange, habanero, avocado, jicama, cilantro w/ crispy tortilla chips) A nice sweet tang from the orange, but not overpowering. More subtle than the ceviche froterizo, but incredible on it's own. A beautiful twist on a classic! Coctel de Atun Tropical (sashimi-grade Hawaiian big eye tuna, avocado-tomatillo guacamole, tangy mango-grapefruit salsa). Tasted exactly like an ahi tartare. Not your typical ceviche. Probably the least exceptional of the trio. As with all three, the meat was incredibly fresh. Topolobampo tortilla soup - dark broth flavored with pasilla, grilled chicken, avocado, hand-made jack cheese, thick cream and crisp tortilla chips. Nothing really stood out. The dark broth makes it unique, but I can't quite put my finger on what that taste is. The flavor is quite mysterious and not really my preference, but it was still good. Sopes Rancheros - crispy corn masa boats, savory shredded beef, roasted tomato, avocado, homemade fresh cheese. The beef was oh-so-savory and the roasted tomato sauce was slightly spicy, but wonderfully juicy like a fresh tomato. The unique Masa boats had a great crunch and pleasantly held up well against the juicy broth. Meal-- Falda asada "brava"- spicy serrano-marinated grassfed tall grass flank steak, salsa huevona (hand-crushed, grill-roasted tomatoes, jalapenos), grilled knob onions, sweet corn tamales with crema and fresh cheese. The tamales were unexpectedly sweet in a good way. The meat perfectly undercooked. The salsa was crazy addicting and a bit insanely spicy, but I loved it. The onions were sweet. Everything complimented each other nicely, especially the handmade tortillas! Ole! Dessert-- Pastel de chocolate, cacahuate y mango - silky chocolate ganache cake, crunchy candied pecans, height-of-season mango, toasted peanut ice cream. This dessert looks like a torte. They claimed the mango was at the height of the season, but it tasted freaking sour! Nonetheless, I still think some fruit was necessary to balance out the oversweetened taste of the chocolate. I loved the extra salty nuts against the super sweet ganache, plus the cooling effect of the ice cream. It was a good dessert, but I've definitely had better. Can I just say...the service here is exceptional!!!! They don't rush you, they make recommendations to you, and the servers are actually Mexican, so they know what they're talking about! It's funny because the atmosphere is quite kick-back and low-key in many ways, but the incredible food and attentive service makes you feel like you're at a fine dining restaurant! At the same time, the place is very homey, feels extremely authentic, and makes me want to go to Mexico. I would say this restaurant literally combines the best of both worlds - and does it incredibly well! My bf and I loved this place so much that we bought a bajillion jars of Rick Bayless salsas! Yum!!!
