I have been here multiple times. There are times where I crave korean BBQ and I take the drive over to San Soo Gab San, but that has changed. After giving this place business over referrals and going there almost every weekend myself, the place has stabbed me in the back. This Saturday 2/28, we went there for my bf's birthday. Once we got there we were standing around, being ignored by the waitresses for about 10 minutes in the cold! When they decided to seat us they took our order after 10 minutes, and we ordered plenty might I add. So that is about 20 minutes wasted. Once we received our food, they did not give us any rice or offer us any water. We asked for rice 2 times and the waitresses just nodded their heads, without offering any reasoning on the delay. We had to start on our meal because we were starving WITHOUT the RICE!!! Once the rice arrived we were almost done with our meal. My bf's mom ordered a noodle dish, that came as a soup dish near the end of our meal. After we have finished what we had ordered, except for the noodles because it was just gross, we decided to order more food. We placed the order and at this time, there was a group of koreans that were seated right next to us. When the food was brought out, rare meat, they forgot to bring the griddle to grill. We sat in the mist of our meal waiting for the griddle, in this time the korean party was seated, ordered, received their meal, and drinks. We were sitting there waiting for the griddle that never came. We waved down the waitress numerous times and was ignored. Finally, we were able to waved down the bus boys to ask them for the griddle. They came with the griddle after about 5 minutes. During this time that we were waiting for the griddle, there were two parties sitting near us that were waiting for their checks that they never received, and had to walk to the register themselves. When we finally received the griddle, the flame has died and there was only ashes left, no charcoal. When they brought out the meat they have replaced the charcoal, and when we finally was able to grill the charcoal has died, so I am guessing that it is about 20 minutes. We have ignored everything thus far, but the wait has drawn the last straw. I asked to speak to the manager, and the waitress just came and walked away when i was complaining. Another waitress came and yelled back at me. They said that the service that they provided us was very good and we should not be complaining. All the attention was given to the korean party when they entered. Even the screaming waitress left in a mist of our conversation. Once we went to the counter to pay, the screaming waitress came charging at me again, saying that I was disrespecting them, as she pointed at me and screamed. If i was Korean that night, if my party was korean that night i doubt that we would had run into this problem. How do they expect to keep their client tel when they treat them like this? I WILL NEVER GO BACK AGAIN!!!!!! HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!! fab.food, but SERVICE IS HORRIBLE!!!! there are plenty of other korean bbq places out there then to settle with this place! I AM NEVER GOING BACK AND I AM MAKING SURE ALL MY FAMILY AND FRIENDS DON'T EITHER!!!!
