I finally made it Tank Noodle for lunch today. It's ridiculous that I've never been here before, because I pass it all the time. But I wasn't a fan of the restaurant that was here before Tank (don't even remember what it was), and that colored my view. But the positive Yelp reviews -- especially those from Asians -- made me want to give it a try. What have I been waiting for? This place is ridiculously inexpensive. If you order the pho -- and on your first visit, you should order the pho -- you get a huge bowl of meat, broth and noodles for only 6 bucks. For a dollar more, you get a ginormous bowl. The pho is served with a side of bean sprouts, jalapeno, mint, culantro (not cilantro), and lime, so you can spice it up to your tastes. The broth is very flavorful, and the meat is (mostly) tender. Since it was my first time, I ordered the Pho Xe Tang. Not a big fan of the tripe or the "soft tendon" (sounds more disgusting than it is), so I may skip these next time. They were easy enough to eat around. I also ordered the spring rolls -- not knowing how much pho I would get, and loving spring rolls -- and they were terrific. Mine came with pork and shrimp, but they also have a vegetarian option. I kept the menu after ordering, so I could read through it. There are more than 250 choices, so I had to see what I was missing! Although the menu is large, it's very clearly divided into categories (beef noodle, chicken noodle, rice dishes), so you can target what you want. Everything that came out looked great. I did not find the coffee too strong, but that's because I got it iced with condensed milk. On the contrary, because the coffee was so strong, it stood up to this method of serving very well. UPDATE 6.17.07 I've been back to Tank several times, and only had a problem once, when I was the invisible gringo, and could not get any service. Most of the time, I end up bring waited on by two or three people, which seems to be as confusing for them as it is for me. But I've liked all the dishes I've tried. And their spring rolls are some of the best I've ever had.
