I was running a conference at The Fairmont Chicago and wanted to take my staff to a delicious restaurant. My friends who had recently visited said that The Purple Pig was a must-go, so I tried making reservations for 10 of us. Unfortunately, they didn't take reservations and told me that if I arrived between 5 and 7 pm, then we would be a-ok, but when we actually arrived at 6 pm, we encountered a HUGE crowd of people waiting outside. The hostess said it would be about 2 hours before we got a table. Um, no thanks. So, on Tuesday evening, when most of the staff flew back to NYC, four of us decided to try again. We waited about an hour and a half, after being told it would be about 45 minutes, drinking some wine outside and watching the slow hostess try to figure out how to seat people. We'd see some empty tables sit there for 15 minutes sometimes, even though there were clearly parties that could've been seated. This is probably my one and only gripe about this restaurant. Other than that, the food is well worth the wait. The savory food we ordered: - fried chorizo stuffed olives (good but could do without it) - fried Pig's Ear with Crispy Kale, Pickled Cherry Peppers & Fried Egg (basically like fried calamari but much less meat so it's like you're eating fried dough) - some shredded pork in tomato sauce spread that you ate with bread (apparently the chef's grandma's recipe, very tasty!) - Purple Pig Platter of cured meats (MMmmmmm, must get! And it comes with a cute piglet platter.) - pork blade steak with 'nduja and honey (like an awesome pork chop. The honey lends a subtle sweetness that is very welcome.) - Milk Braised Pork Shoulder with Mashed Potatoes (2) (we ordered two because we shared one amongst us three gals, and the lone man ate one by himself. It is melt-in-your-mouth good. A fave!) We were stuffed, but we had to order dessert. They ran out of the butterscotch pudding, so we got two others: - Sicilian Iris {Ricotta & Chocolate Chip filled Fried Brioche} (this is amazing! It's like a super soft, warm, gooey dough filled with a lava of warm ricotta and chocolate. I am still salivating over this. I WANT MORE!) - Panino con Nutella {A Sweet Sandwich filled with a Chocolate Hazelnut Spread, Marshmallow Cream & Bananas} (you kind of can't go wront with any of these ingredients, but the Sicilian Iris really takes the cake.) - Olive Oil soft serve (like a seriously awesome vanilla soft serve. really refreshing and was great to eat with the Sicilian Iris) Sounds like an expensive meal, right? It was actually less than you'd think. Including a $45 bottle of white wine, but excluding the tip, the bill came out to $199. Only $50 per person for all of that!  Go forth, my children, worship The Purple Pig... PS - you might need to be an Asian female + Caucasian male couple, though, to get in faster. We saw no less than six such couples that night, two of which the females wore a weird, non-fashionable white cloth headband. WEIRD.
