Salivation inducing wafts of roasting cacao beans will gently tug you in the direction of XOCO from a block or two away. This indescribably lustful scent is a beacon of hope in a city that can at times deliver aromas more akin to septic gas and motor oil. This wonderful chocolate fragrance is attributed to the on-site roasting of cacao beans that go on to produce authentic, traditional hot chocolate... the sort of hot chocolate that you want to hug with your mouth in a long embrace. It is thick, shimmery and can be delightfully dark depending on the variety you select. Although I could continue to dote over the hot chocolate, I realize this place kicks ass in innumerable other ways. Obviously, with Rick Bayless involved, one can expect to have whatever meal in question literally redefined. I was here for breakfast, and was blown away by the friendly, efficient service that kept the ravenous crowds moving through. I ordered the aforementioned hot chocolate of the Aztec variety, a churro, and a poblano empanada. A more rewarding breakfast simply cannot be had. The churro's dusty surface of confection was the perfect contrast to the savory but subtle corn flavored interior... and it was even better when dismembered and submerged into my hot chocolate. The empanada was fresh, flaky and had a healthy but not overwhelming spice for the early morning. I also tried a bit of the wood-fired french toast with particles of candied bacon. It was like french toast, but a much better dresser that hit a lot more notes on the palette... It was incredible. When more than one typical restaurant offerring is outdone to almost enlightenment standards, it leaves one with a mythical reflection of the meal. Living a painful 9 hours away creates a bit of a burden of inaccessibility, but I am certain that each visit to Chicago will contain at least one nourishing stop here. While, I can't wait to get back to XOCO to carefully savor every last dish on the menu, I sort of enjoy holding them in such an insatiable yet affectionate regard... much like a lover's quarrel.
