I'm debating the star rating as I write this between 2 and 3 stars. The service and the atmosphere were just fine. The staff were perfectly nice. It wasn't too loud, despite the fact that it was a full house. Sure, I waited 20 minutes before being seated despite having a reservation, but that usually never bothers me. It was nasty out so I don't blame the restaurant for the other diners not wanting to brave the cold rain. I sure didn't want to be outside, either. I went to Anteprima after reading many a review singing it's praises. I was on the search for an awesome Italian place for a birthday dinner for my boyfriend. The lure of fresh ingredients and the recommendation from people who are self proclaimed Italian food snobs swayed my decision: they're Italian and swore their very picky Italian mothers approved. Who was I to argue with an Italian mother? Honestly, the food wasn't bad, but it didn't wow me. They gave us a delicious onion tart to start, which was the best thing we had all night. As for the entree.. well.. meh. For the price, the taste and portions didn't seem like a good value. The wine was fantastic, but it was better than the food. I chose poorly for the desert portion. I'll admit I'm a pastry snob, having made a lot of the things myself (that sounded more pretentious than i wanted it to, but i'll move on...). The chocolate hazelnut tart's crust and hazelnut layer seemed like they were undercooked, and the chocolate ganache was barely on this side of creamy. When I didn't eat more than a bite, our server asked if it was ok. I tried to be nice about saying that I didn't like it. She very generously took it off our bill (i didn't ask her to do that). She tipped this review to 3 stars. Maybe a different night would have been better as I understand they change their menu often to offer seasonally pertinent menus. I however was not that impressed that night and took my boyfriend to a different Italian restaurant the next night so he could get a more satisfying Italian birthday dinner.
