Awesome Peking duck.  I will be back for the duck because it is the star of the show and it iIS that good.  I want to give Sun Wah 5 stars, but can't.  The duck itself is 5 stars. I have had Peking duck from many places around the globe and this Peking duck itself is as good or better than anywhere else I have been in the world.  Additional positives of the restaurant are its spacious seating and cleanliness, both often lacking in a Chinese restaurant with authentic food. I will list out the several factors below that knock off a star in my book though. (If you want a similar high quality duck experience with all around better food and service, check out Phoenix in Chinatown.) -$32 for a 3 course Peking duck meal is a good deal overall. However, here are the negatives: the soup course is very plain...just broth.  The duck fried rice course is decent, but nothing special.  Duck related variance: (I LOVE Peking duck.  Here are some observations that are worth noting.) 1. The Peking duck course was served after all my non duck dishes were served instead of first.  Every other time I have had Peking duck in my life, the Peking duck wrap comes out first! 2. My dad noted that the Peking duck style that he has had in Hong Kong, China, and Toronto just gives you the shaved off crispy skin for wrapping with no meat. At Sun Wah, they expertly carve off skin + meat.  I like the way they carve and include all the meat, but for you traditionalists...note the modern twist. This expertly roasted duck include very little fat.  Either their ducks are very lean or part of their secret is expertly rendering off the fat between crispy skin and meat. 3. The buns with the Peking duck came out freshly steamed, however, I prefer thin tortilla style pancakes for wrapping. 4. Julienned carrots also came out with the duck to wrap in the pancakes.  I have never seen that before and on its own a good thing, however, the carrots had white specking from drying out due to being cut and left out for a while.  -Service is where Sun Wah clearly loses the 5th star in my book.  Based on your perspective, this would be 2 star service at worst, or 3 star service at best. Yes, they are very busy, however in my book that does not provide an excuse for people to be physically running around all frantic and being slow with food delivery.  Be grateful for the positive Chicago Tribune publicity and get your act together on the service side.  It is not clear to me whether the service flaws are just due to be understaffed or whether there is no one running the front of the house.   -I ordered several dishes in addition to the duck.  The other dishes were only 3 star quality.  They are reasonably priced and ok, but better quality can be had elsewhere.
