This hotel is located in a total wasteland in the middle of nowhere. There are vacant lots on three out of four sides. There are no businesses within walking distance in any direction. There is no pedestrian traffic outside at any hour. If you don't believe us, check out Google Street View for this block. It gives you a VERY accurate sense of what this neighborhood is like. The people who work at this hotel seem to fall into two categories: rude+incompetent and nice+overworked+incompetent. The woman who checked us in when we first arrived was screaming at one of the hotel guests on the phone so loudly that it could be heard throughout the first floor. (She seemed to be trying to convey to them that their pizza had arrived. Why this required screaming we're not sure, but the tone she took with them was more than a little inappropriate.) The internet didn't work. Neither the ethernet nor the Wi-Fi. Their website advertises that they have free internet in ALL rooms. It was one of the main reasons we chose this hotel since we were here on business and needed it for work . We called down to see if they could resolve the issue. The woman at the front desk said, "I'm not IT and it's a free service." At $109/night (still overpriced "discount" travelocity rate) we did not think any of the very basic amenities could reasonably be considered "free"; I mean, the bed was free too, right? Needless to say she did not resolve the issue, although the next night someone else at the front desk was kind enough to let us test other rooms. Dragging our computers with us from one floor to the next, we tried three separate rooms before we found one where the internet actually worked. We then repacked all of our stuff and switched rooms. When we came back the next evening we were locked out of our new room for some reason and had to go to the front desk to get our keycards reactivated. Apparently this had happened to several other guests as well. So how is the rest of the hotel? One word comes to mind: basic. Industrial-pile carpeting, hard and horribly uncomfortable mattresses that seem to be covered with some sort of plastic underneath very starchy and coarse sheets, lousy water pressure, no place to put your stuff in the bathroom, no full length mirror. We didn't have a "Do Not Disturb" sign in our room so housekeeping woke us up at 8:50 am on a Sunday morning. When we sent them away so that we could get dressed before they did up the room, they never came back and consequently we had to do without towels that day. There was such a disconnect between what we experienced with this hotel and what we'd read in some of the reviews that we wondered if maybe people had gotten it confused with some other hotel. The best thing about this hotel by far is the parking. The parking is free and convenient. There are pretty much always spots available. Other than that...
