The noise level here is quite high and the seats and tables are a bit close together - quite cozy indeed - but well worth it! We went here on a Tuesday night - still very busy - sorry, no reservations! This restaurant offers a unique culinary experience. The menu is full of unusual offerings, and everything we tried was wonderful! Our server was very attentive and suggested a few dishes that were their best sellers. We ordered two glasses of wine - again, suggested by our server. The taste of the wine was exactly what we were looking for- less dry with a hint of cherries! We ordered and shared - 1) The Tuscan kale and romaine Caesar salad with hard boiled quail egg - was as expected, tasty with a good portion to share. The kale was crisp and the Caesar dressing was perfect, no overkill with the salad dressing! 2) Jamon Serrano - is a type of dry cured spanish ham- served raw in thin slices- melt in your mouth! 3) Roasted bone marrow with herbs - Very, very rich, this is not something you would want to eat everyday or weekly for that matter. Along with the bone marrow there was an added side salad of coriander/onions. Delish! Marrow is an acquired taste though- it has a subtle buttery, roasted flavor to it...not for everyone, but my friend and I thoroughly enjoyed it. The point is to slather this stuff on to bread - yup, kinda like butter! 4) "JLT" with fried hen egg and lemon aioli - this was my favorite of the night. Again, VERY rich - it came on half a bun with a piece of crispy fried pork with lemon aioli- there was also just enough greens on top of the crispy pork to balance it off and the real kicker - the fried egg! I don't know how to exactly describe it...but it was a heavenly combination! My friend and I couldn't get over how good it was. The flavors just meld together like perfection! I don't know if I would order that dish for myself - I would definitely want to share that one! It probably has as many calories as two big macs! Quite the experience! Awesome! I would definitely order this dish again. Explosion of flavors on your tastebuds!!! 5) Lastly, we ordered dessert - Lemon Panna cotta - DELICIOUS, it had the texture of pudding with a light lemon burst in between bites. I heard through the grapevine that the braised pork shoulder and mashed potatoes is a superb dish as well, but we were too stuffed to order anything else - perhaps I will try this dish the next time I come here- which will be very soon! I've passed by this restaurant numerous times and never thought about having a meal here. After this experience, I will have to let all my friends know about it! I'm so glad we went here and would recommend this restaurant to anyone! I'll be back soon Purple Pig!
