Medium place: it is not rare, but it certainly isn't well done. (Ok, enough Statler & Waldorf quotes.) Went on 8/27/2012, and not in a terrible rush to return. I will return for whiskey purposes. As a scotch man, their menu is fair but excels mostly in the area of American whiskeys more so than the precious whisky from that enchanted island in Atlantic Ocean. You can get just about every small batch Bourbon or Tennessee Whiskey, and they even go to the trouble of getting some of the rarer distillations. The bartender was knowledgeable as to the palate of the spirit, and when I told him I hate the sugary taste of most Bourbon (i.e. from the corn-based sugars) and of Irish Whisky (b/c of the triple distillation), he understood his customer immediately and made suggestions. Any bartender that knows her/his inventory is worth seeing again, and that's why this place gets three stars right off the bat. As to ambiance and food, well, there's a reason we didn't move off from just three stars, isn't there?  I read a previous review, and yes, this is Hipster Heaven. Each of these philistines probably listens Radiohead, is a closet Hanson/Lady Gaga/LMFAO fan, but touts Wilco as having invented Rock'n'Roll. It's as though the standard Hipster Conformist Uniform is nearly a requirement: ironic t-shirt, ironic winter hat in the hottest summer in many years, and ironic tattoo...very un-Chicago. You should resist the urge to tell these people they suck, however, because (1) the will serve you food and (2) you know these are the wiener kids that grew up with Participation Awards for playing soccer and have faux high self esteem. You would shatter their little double-pits-to-chesty world if you let them know they are way, way uncool for wearing Kurt Kobain's wardrobe and/or 1980's attire in 2012. Let it go, it's too easy, and you're better than that. Besides, we need to discuss the horrid execution they gave for the food. Firstly, the generalities included a lack of some basic fundamentals. I rolled out with a veggie friend (pescetarian, to be precise) among our group. (Pescetarians can be junior foodies because at least they understand protein.) So, we directly asked "Skeech" the Waiter if the two dishes she and I split had any meat whatsoever. He replied, "No." Being that I have an unending love of bacon, I quickly identified that there was bacon-smoked infusion in a dish my friend had already been eating. Now, if you have veggie/vegan friends, then you know your job is help them I.D. a meat taste if they lack familiarity, and then be prepared to assist with holding back their hair after you do. You also may know that one of life's guarantees for a veggie/vegan person is that they will get very sick from that most delicious of all meats: bacon. Skeech failed. Next, nearly every dish was undercooked. You expect that one out of six would be undercooked, but four of six was too many. We had a variety of plates, but the Duck several ways, the steak, and the mixed dishes all were undercooked. Only my lobster and the fish (I believe the catch that day was a sole) were served at the correct temperature. Lastly, the wine suggestion was so far beneath par that I doubt Skeech could ever discern a merlot from a Cotes^ Du Rhone' because, well, I asked for the closest thing to a Cotes^ Du Rhone' and he brought me that dog shit known as merlot. (As an aside, I hated merlot way before it was 'Sideways' chic). There is a reason, though, that I did not deduct a star for the food, which is that the lobster tail was absolutely phenomenal, having been correctly prepared in terms of temperature and managing to have a uniquely rich presentation. It was served in broda with three out-of-this world marscapone-filed tortellini. The broth itself had a seafood-vegetable blend, and the stock was fresh, leaving me to believe it was made in-house. The fish, other than the bacon-infused beat that was mischaracterized as veggie (hey, I loved the damn thing!), was amazingly fresh for Chicago, having an almost crispy sear and accompanied with fresh veggies. Dessert was truly enticing and succulent, as the "old time sunday" combined the best fruits with the best chocolate and a simple vanilla ice cream that will return you to your childhood. Overall, I'm going to come back when I'm bored, stay at the inn portion of the establishment, try the hoity-toity "bar" menu, and enjoy the whiskey. I think that might be its role, and so that's why it gets a second chance, but I'm not pacing to get back there any time soon.
