Let me just start by saying that this is my first Yelp Review!! I am way excited because I always use this website and I finally decided to become a yelper. On to the review................So I went to Spacca Napoli last night for dinner with my boyfriend. The place was cute. Casual inside, nice and clean, and very nice outdoor seating. The outside was full (of course) and we opted to wait for a seat rather then eating inside. We ended up waiting about 10-15 mins which wasn't so bad since there was 2 other groups in front of us. After we were seated the experience went downhill.............First of all, we sat there for a good 10 minutes before we were even approached by a server. When she finally came over she was very friendly, and she took our drink order. We also put in an appetizer order before she left because there was a good chance she would be gone for a while. We ordered the Caprese con Bufala which consisted of 4 (small) pieces of fresh mozzarella with 4 cherry tomatoes on top (1 on each piece) and a few basil leaves for the price of $10.00! Are you serious? They cannot even give you a full slice of tomato.....so I hope you like cheese if you order this. I felt like this was definitely not worth $10.00 even though the cheese was good, it was way to small.For the main course, I ordered the Margherita and My boyfriend ordered the Salsiccia. Essentially this was the exact same pizza except one had Italian Sausage on it. I should have went with the special which sounded much better......my mistake! Surprisingly, the pizza came out pretty quickly (by the bus boy of course and not our SLOW waitress). When the pizza got there it looked good but the taste was a different story. I would not say it was terrible, I could eat it, put it kind of tasted burnt, like there was charcoal on the crust. It was not burnt like hard and crispy it was burnt like you could wipe ash off of it. The pizza was also very soggy.... how can a pizza be burnt and soggy? I'm so confused!! To say the least, I did not enjoy it. After dinner we waited for the waitress to come back with our check. When she finally decided to come over she asked if we wanted desert and we said no....just the check. It took her about another 10 mins to bring the check and I was very annoyed. When she finally took the credit card and walked away from our table her friend was walking up the street. So instead of going in to take our payment she starts to walk down the street to give her friend a hug. then she continues to talk to him, taking him over to another table (where another one of her friend's was sitting) and stands there for about 10 mins talking. As I looked around outside there was a number of people looking over at her with their bills in hand trying to make eye contact with her, but she kept on talking. Are you serious?? this was soooooo annoying. Not to mention that she was the only waitress outside with about 10 tables and the inside was cleared out by this time. there were about 5 or 6 other waiters/waitresses just standing inside doing nothing!!All in all, I would say our experience was definitely not a good one and I do not think I will over go back to Spacca Napoli! If you are looking for Charcoaley, soggy pizza with really bad service this is your place :)
