I had been trying to get a reservation at Schwa for over a year. I surveyed the net for the best times, set myself daily phone reminders to call, and on occasion even tried to stop in to see if there were any openings. All were to no avail, until last night when I finally got through. Carlson: This is SchwaMe: Can I make a reservation for six peopleCarlson: Ya, when would you like one?Me: I will come in whatever day or time you tell meCarlson: Come in right nowMe: Definitely, on my way. After celebrating, contacting the rest of my party and making a well orchestrated alcohol run I arrived to enjoy the fruits of my labors.Before I go in any further, it must be noted that I knew (and looked forward) to the unconventional experience chronicled by many I know who dined at Schwa. I understood and respected the I don't give a crap about anything but the food attitude. My expectations were not out of whack or damaged because they wouldn't pick up my phone calls. Over the next four hours we had eleven courses of which only one was truly great and unique (the often spoken about quail egg ravioli). Everything else was decent, but a pair of dishes were really close in flavor (The chef used the same overwhelming parmesan). The other really good two dishes were the least creative and unmemorable. The Hamachi was just plain bad, but forgivable. If everything else was a neutral, I would be describing Schwa to people as I do a 3-star movie, It was fun, but not gonna make you forget 'The Godfather'. Unfortunately everything else was not a neutral. The host, who told us to just let him know when we wanted him to bring out our next bottle of wine at the beginning of the night, seem to get offended when we asked him for our next bottle and staged some sort of protest by not coming over to our table for 30 minutes (This was the sort of thing I kind of expected and shrugged off). After a couple more dishes, the same thing happened. The host, who was now visibly wasted - stumbling over the description and spilling water on the table every time he went to fill a cup, told me that he had not been serving us wine because he wanted to space it out and we were on our last bottle (We had finished four and had three left for a table of six). While his drunken drug references throughout the meal had been mildly amusing, things took a turn for the worse when he came to our table and oddly asked if anyone had found anything on the floor in the bathroom. When one of my fellow diners joked that he had seen a clear plastic bag on the ground in there (He did not actually find anything of course, just going along with the drug related humor present throughout the night), the host had a meltdown. This is when the night truly became unforgettable.He began yelling at the table, claiming that we were thieves and saying that we owed him $200 for his misplaced drugs. After running into the kitchen, seeming to recount his delusion of what had just occurred he was obviously told by the other chefs not to return to our table. Though noble, the gesture failed to restrain him as he came out frequently to give us the finger and convey threats of what was waiting for us outside when his homies got wind of what we had done and that he was going to mess us upOur table figured this was some sort of elaborate prank that was going a bit too far. The renowned chef's brother, isn't going to threaten our in the middle of the dining room, right?  At this point, we attempted to pay the bill when the chef came out, thanked us for the bottle of whiskey that we had presented them with when we arrived and asked us to please stay (He could hardly walk and was slurring his words). We sat through the next 3 courses like you sit through a dinner at a couple's house that has had a screaming match right in front of you. The chef stumbled out another two more times and was incoherent. The bill came, we paid the $900 and walked out the door. As we walked out, the host followed us with continual obscenities and threats. As tempers rose, the host suddenly changed course and said he had come outside to squash things and that there had been a misunderstanding...The icing on the cake for a truly awful night at Schwa.
