TWO STARS FOR A SECOND RATE CHICAGO PIZZERIA! I came to Chicago and wanted to leave having tried two things: A rib eye from one of the great steakhouses and a classic deep dish from one of their great pizzerias. I left town unsuccessful with accomplishing either of those goals. Despite having done my research even before I booked my plane tickets to get out to the Magnificent Mile, I was outvoted by the other members of my party that were more attracted by the glitz and glamor of a place that had 40 locations in the Chicago area alone! The concept seemed as ridiculous to me as somebody coming to New York and wanting to try Ray's Pizza (Famous Ray's, World Famous Ray's, Original Ray's, Famous Original Ray's, Ray Bari's, Real Ray's, One, Only Famous Ray's, etc.). Upon arriving we were given a beeper and told that they would call us when our table was ready. Although we had returned from the Architectural River Tour, in retrospect we probably should have put our name on the list half way through the tour. I wonder if they allow call ahead seating, but it would seem that they should have such a policy considering the throngs of tourists that flock to this place just to get a taste of "Chicago Deep Dish Pizza" made by an assembly of unemployed auto workers since the downturn of the economy and the off-shoring of jobs. Our hostess also failed to inform us that we could pre-order our pizzas so that we would not have to endure an additional wait of 30+ minutes as they baked our cake ... I mean pizza. After waiting somewhere between an hour to an hour and a half we were finally served. Maybe I'm not sophisticated enough to enjoy this style of pizza, but when no one at our table finished what they call "crust" there is clearly something wrong here. Being a cheese lover I did enjoy the cheesiness of the filling, but after taking one bite of their crust I decided it best not to go back for a second bite. The crust is more comparable in texture to a pie crust that you'd find on one of your desserts. It was thick and flaky and lacked the crispness that I enjoy from New York Style pizzas. Now before you dismiss me for comparing apples to oranges, it should be noted that I've been told that true Chicago pizza should have a much firmer crust than what we were served. I'm not going to call out competition, but I've heard that we should have gone to the real number one Chicago Pizzeria. It's probably improper of me to say their name in a review of Giordano's, but I can say that their name rhymes with "Illuminati." No secret society membership would have been required for us to have gone there instead, but perhaps better judgment for future visits.
