NANA is actually an acronym for Never Again, Never Again. As we entered, we stood at the hostess station for about three minutes before anyone even made eye contact with us. (It was not even busy.) When we were finally seated, our waitress had an attitude from the outset. At one point, I went to ask the hostess a question, but she was purposely avoiding eye contact with me by fiddling with the house's cordless phone. (She wasn't even talking on it; she was just aimlessly pushing buttons.) We ordered the duck confit biscuits and gravy which is advertized at $6, but actually costs $10 if you want duck (!). We also ordered the po' boy, the most expensive sub sandwich ever, and the special that night which was tacos with various pickled veggies. The tacos were a decent value at $3 each. The duck confit biscuits and gravy was a mixed bag: the duck and gravy were deliciously savory, but the biscuits were altogether too sweet. I understand the idea of balancing the savoriness of the duck with sweet, but it was simply out of balance. The po' boy is a handful of fried shrimp, drowned in mayo, surrounded by store-bought bread. I removed the bread and tried to shake as much of the mayo off as I could. The taste was okay... but $16 for it? I don't think so. The tacos were okay. I enjoyed the veggies more than the taco, though. Something's wrong with that. For dessert, we ordered the goat cheese cheesecake. When the waitress arrived with it, we were confronted by two measly square (literally) inches of cheesecake, oozing pretentiousness. The taste was unremarkable, and for $6 (keep in mind the portion size), I would have rather bought a frozen piece of Eli's cheesecake. The service reached a nadir as our waitress over-charged us for our food when she ran my credit card. The bill said one thing, the amount that was charged to my account was about $10 higher. The waitress then told me that I could leave her the balance as a tip. Since that would have meant giving a 25% tip, I politely asked for cash. For whatever reason, this seemed to be impossible, and the waitress refused to do anything to remedy the situation. Eventually, I spoke to a barely-coherent foreign lady who called the owner (who for some reason wasn't present for the FRIDAY NIGHT DINNER SERVICE), and we eventually left with the cash. Honestly, do *not* bother with this place for dinner. It was truly the worst restaurant experience I've had in the last decade. I've heard that brunch is good here, but I still wouldn't go because of the poor service. I give the service 0/5 and the food 2/5 and give the overall value a 1/5.
