I saw a blurb on this place today and as I mentioned to a client and friend of mine about it, she stopped me in mid sentence and said "Yes!! My boyfriend loves that place!!" Well... that is about all the recommendation I needed. Hearing that they do take out, I decided to stop in on my way home. The place is small, but there is street parking and a small little lot to the side of the place. Walking in, the walls are plastered with articles, autographed photos, news clippings, money, comics and other mementos of Cuban life. If you do choose to eat here, the areas are small, more like a sit on a stool, munch on a counter place with bottles of hot sauce in front of you. No fancy tables or anything like that... 'cause you know what? (What?) It doesn't need it. The food itself is pretty damn amazing. The owner is behind the counter, super nice and very friendly. I was curious about what somethings were and he was more the happy to explain them. I decided to get the chicken dinner, (chicken, choice of rice and beans and sweet plantains), and an order of yuca con mojo. Just under $14, I eagerly anticipated getting home. By the time I got home, my car was swimming in the smells of garlic and spices, but more or less my head was and stomach were spinning from my hunger pains and eagerness to check out my dinner. I opened up my container, Sweet Jebus! There is a lot of food here for $14!! A large butterflied chicken breast well cooked, not dry but not super moist, (kinda how I like it), with a ton of sauteed onions on top. A huge helping of dirty rice, (I can be dirty sometimes...), and three slices of sweet plantains. The chicken was great, flavorful, but not overwhelmed with spices, the rice was the same, not too dry or wet, but full of flavor and the plantains were soft, but firm, sweet with just a touch of savory. Then came the Yuca con Mojo. The yuca really is a cassava, (think a really starchy potato), which you can get either stewed or fried, (I got fried), and came with a great garlic sauce. The sauce really is more like an olive oil with garlic in it and I want to say vinegar, but really be careful, there is enough garlic in there to choke a horse. Not like I would know... I like animals.. just sayin.... However I don't know if it is that strong yet, I haven't breathed on anyone yet... but just a warning. Besides the dinners, they have about 13 sandwiches, including some veggie options, (their veggie has Portabella, red and green peppers, zucchini, grilled onions, and Swiss cheese... um yum?), a large choice of side dishes as well as tropical shakes, (the drinks, not the involuntary body movement you have by the equator), as well as hot drinks including Cuban coffee. Oh and a few breakfast options! Nothing on the menu is over $10, (at least not at the time of this review), plenty of options to munch on, friendly owner, really what isn't there to like? Um.. yeah... I think I might be able to live on this place for a few months....
