I'm the only guy I know who tacks a couple of extra hours onto an in-and-out interviewing trip just so I can stop at some place I've been wanting to eat. I originally hoped to try one of Rick Bayless' higher-end places, so I settled for XOCO as it was the only spot open after my interview ended. Now I say I settled, but I don't mean to give any sort of negative connotation--XOCO was an excellent choice and served me an excellent meal. To be honest, I was surprised to find the place packed shortly before 4. But standing in line just gave me more time to peruse the menu and decide exactly what I wanted. Given that my flight schedule made me to miss lunch, I was particularly hungry. And that's why I ended up having a three-course meal for "linner." The line itself threw me a bit, as it was two-sided. The left (and empty) side was reserved for take-out while the right side was filled with people waiting to eat there, as XOCO won't let you order until a table frees up. By the time it was my turn to order, I knew exactly what I wanted. And in the ten minutes I stood waiting, I enjoyed watching the kitchen staff finish prep and get ready for what was to be a busy Friday night. Once I'd placed my order, I was led to a narrow counter in the middle of the cramped dining room. Almost immediately, parts of my meal started to show up. First came the chips and guac, which had amazing flavor and a silky texture. Despite the fact that I had two more courses to come, I managed to polish off the entire basket myself. Next up was the Choriqueso torta, a hot sandwich that squeezed spicy housemade chorizo, roasted poblano peppers, jack cheese and a tangy salsa in between two pieces of spongy bread. Damn, it was good. But I stopped short of finishing because I was starting to feel the bloat and still had dessert coming. Lastly, and quite a while after my sandwich arrived, my cafe con leche and churro showed up. While the greasy churro was my least favorite part of the meal, the coffee was as good (if not better) than what I've ordered in Miami and Puerto Rico. It was a terrific cup of Joe, which can probably be attributed to the Intelligentsia beans. I really enjoyed my meal here and by the time I left I didn't even regret that I couldn't make it into Frontera or Topolo. I got a lot of great-tasting food for right around $20, plus still had time to get to O'Hare and make my flight. As an added bonus, I even saw Rick Bayless while I was there and that was kind of neat, too. It was nice to see some fancy-pants chef actually in one of his restaurants tasting the food before dinner service. In any case, I'd definitely go back the next chance I have. In fact, after I left Chicago, I was kind of hoping I'd get the job just so I could eat here on a regular basis.
