I have very conflicting experiences about Piece..... The first time I went to Piece I had an AWESOME time. I heard about Piece on Check Please and decided to go there with a friend. We went on a Saturday night, and the wait was an hour. We were told to wait by the bar and they would "come find us". I was a little skeptical. The place was JAM PACKED. I wouldn't be able to find Michael Jordan here, more or less two people who were drinking beer, blending in with the crowd. So we waited, and waited, and waited. At times, we got yelled at by servers who were trying to get to the computer (which is understandable) but there was no where else to stand. So after 4 beers, and 1 1/2 hours gone by, we decided to ask the hostess our status. Apparently we were called, but as I stated before, the place is like the most popular bar in a college town on a Friday night, so OBVIOUSLY we didn't hear it. We were seated about 10 minutes later (YAY!!) and ordered right away. We had the spinach dip (good, but not anything amazing) and a large pizza, half mashed potato, half veggie. The pizza came out fairly quickly (about 15-20 min). I was very curious to try the mashed potato side and when I did, I was HAPPY! It was actually pretty good! The veggie side was good as well. It was thin and I love the way it comes on a sheet tray...very casual, very efficient. I raved about this place to my friend, so I decided to take her a few months later. We went on a Saturday night again, and we were told the wait was about 50 min to an hour. However, we were called in about a half and hour! We sat down and ordered the guacamole and a medium half cheese, half feta, spinach and broccoli pizza. The guac was Okay, it wasn't fantastic. The pizza was....BAD. The crust was HARD and it was so hard to bite through. In addition to this, there was barely any cheese on it, and they forgot the broccoli. When the waitress came over, we explained the problems to her and in return we got a "Well if you feel that there is something wrong with it, then I can send over the manager, would you like that??" So I said yes. The manager proclaimed that the pizza was "new haven! new haven!" and that this was the way it was supposed to be. He agreed that yes, "i can see that there are areas here and there where there isn't any cheese, but for the most part, this is the way it's supposed to be!" Okay......let me say this. I'm not one of those crazy people who go to restaurants and are SO picky that I complain about everything. I RARELY complain, more or less ask for the manager. I have been around the restaurant business most of my life and have worked in a restaurant for almost 9 years so I KNOW the ins and outs of crazy people who complain for no reason and I would NEVER do that. However, I have been to this restaurant before, experienced good pizza here and yes i KNOW what new haven style pizza is! I turned my slice over and saw that there were areas that were black underneath (which explained the hardness). That was it, I went back to munching on the guac, eyeing the pizza at the table next to us enviously, until the bill came. Even though we managed to eat half the pizza because we were hungry, we went out for Thai food afterward because were were so unsatisfied. This is something a restaurant should never want to accomplish. The first time I went to Piece I had a good time, the second time I had an awful time. I'm not sure if I would want to go here again after the last experience, but the memories of the first experience is why I give it 3 stars.
