This entry is for the FOOD at the Sheraton as prepared by the hotel kitchens, not the separate restaurants in the hotel. There is so much discrepancies between the facilities and the food, that I felt each needed to be reviewed independently.  I ate at the Sheraton for 3 days: 2 breakfasts, 2 lunches, 3 pre dinner appetizer affairs, and one sit down dinner. Continental breakfasts were a 2 stars ho hum...The bagels, pasteries, juices, etc are things you find in any hotel lobby.  Coffee was very dark roast.  Why people associate quality coffee with dark roast is beyond me.  I roast my own coffee beans, and roasting beyond the second crack of the beans destroys all the subtle flavors. Lunches were 4 stars and much better:  We had pork tenderloins, pot roasts, mac and cheese, numerous green salads, cooked veggies, tomato bisque, and a wide selection of desserts.  The apple pie here is one of the best I have tasted. Not too sweet but the apple flavor dominated, not the sugar.  The pot roast was excellent.  Yes a comfort food, but they nailed it here.  Food was prepared well in nearly all cases, a couple of times there was a miss but there was enough variety.  The misses?...surprisingly, the soups here are weak. The pre dinner appetizers were also 4 stars.  The entrees included shrimp scampi (with the very large cocktail shrimp, not the Red Lobster shrimp McMiniNuggets size), filet mignon medallions (quality of their beef is 5 stars...very tender even when rare),   Had roast lamb (it was tender and seasoned great), roast turkey breast, two types of risottos, a brie pastry ..a foot and a half in diameter, an assortment of grilled veggies, several types of finger food desserts, calimari, and on and on.   It started to come close to Wolfgang Pucks catering down the street, but no cigar. Dinner was also 4 star quality overall.  Salad was good not especially memorable.  The soup was a spicy scallop Asian fusion thing that was tepid.  Is that a new direction in Asian fusion or was it just sitting too long?  We had surf and turf, a white fish...that was overcooked and dry, but the beef filet about 1.5 inches thick was superbly cooked. It was a cumin based, southwestern oriental flavor.  Again Asian fusion influence in the kitchen, and it was excellent.  It obviously was grilled correctly, charred and singed on the outside....uniformly medium rare on the inside....deep red but not raw....really well done.  The desserts were a mixture of different things...fruit compote, a tart, a scoop of ice cream coated with toasted coconut, almond mixture. Although the Sheraton kinda misses on the soups and fish, they do buy high quality beef here and it shows. The pork and lamb were also prepared with expertise.  This is a real meatlovers place to go.
