Get ready. This is probably going to be the worst yelp review I've ever written! It all started with making a reservation. We asked for 8:00, were told to "hold on", she came back and said she had 8:30. We said that was fine. We gave our information and she said, "Okay...7:30, for two." "No...you said 8:30." "Oh, you want 8:30 instead? Hold on." We finally got a reservation for 8:30 and were very confused about the whole interaction. Little did we know that was only the beginning of the ineptitude. Fast forward to 8:20. We arrived early and were promptly ignored by the host. He eventually seated us at a table for four and set out four place settings. When we told him it was just the two of us, he seemed very confused. He took away the two menus, but not the other glasses and napkins. We proceeded to sit at our table be ignored for over 15 minutes. Finally, the host came by and asked if we want some cocktails. We ordered two and he scurried off without even asking if a server had spoken with us. About 10 minutes later our cocktails had arrived, but still no server had so much as made eye contact with us. We were even visibly TRYING to get someones attention. It was very frustrating. Finally a waitress from a different section came and asked if we were still waiting for two more. No, we're not. We never were. "We are more than ready to order, please!" We ordered the vegetarian sampler and an extra appetizer. The waitress was civil, but seemed kind of zoned out. The food came quickly and tasted good. Not amazing, but good. I'll take Indian over this cuisine any day. I also don't get the hype about the honey wine, it wasn't that great. The sambusas were quite good though. Of course, our second appetizer never arrived. Once we saw how much food there was, we didn't even attempt to ask for it. It wouldn't have mattered. Our server NEVER came back once to see if we needed anything else or if everything was okay. We finished the huge meal and patiently waited for our dessert (which was included in the sampler). Surprise! It never came. Not one server approached us to ask if we wanted tea and dessert (which we saw everyone around us being served after their meals). The only person who did a good job here was the bus boy. Our glasses were always filled to the brim with water. We had the yelp coupon worth $60. We didn't spend anywhere near that and our service was so horrible that we did something we've never done before. We didn't tip...I know, it sounds really bad. But, honestly, who would we even tip? The host got our drinks and one waitress took our order, then never spoke to us again. Someone else plopped our food down and ran away. No one deserved a tip. We dropped the coupon on the table and walked out without a word to anyone. NO ONE NOTICED! The food was no where near good enough to make up for the horrendous service and just plain incompetence of the wait staff. They had a million waiters and waitresses running around looking clueless or just hanging out up at the bar, laughing, and taking pictures. It was ridiculous. The food is unique, so if you want to try it. Take a deep breath and be prepared for a battle to even get food.
