Schwa might not be for everyone, but it should be! I went to Schwa with my husband for a Tuesday 5:30pm seating for my Golden Birthday and it was phenomenal.  Reservations: I didn't experience any of the difficulties other readers have. Seemed fairly straightforward. We asked for wine recommendations on what to bring to this blissfully BYOB bistro, and we weren't given a toonnnn of guidance. I guess they assume people know their wine. Per the recommendations of the wonderful Yelp community, we brought some extra booze for the boys in the back. Environment: The dark, stark space is entered through a pretty shabby exterior. While it lacked a certain warmth of similar small spaces, it was comfortable enough. We were the ONLY (literally) people in the 25-seat spot. Later, a table of four and two came in (but the service stayed at the perfect level of attentiveness). I didn't mind the loud rap music for sure, but I could see how that might turn some people off. I recall LOLing with my husband when, during a pause in the waiter's explanation of a dish, rap lyrics chimed in all-to-clearly referring very explicitly to certain unmentionable coital acts. Awkkkwarrddd. Vibe: The place and the staff are so far on the opposite end of the spectrum of the fancy-shmancy, often intimidating fine dining scene, that it kind of circles back around to being intimidating again because it's just sooooooo hip and laid back. I felt a little bit like I wasn't quite cool enough to be there, but the staff was very friendly! I didn't feel like I was being judged when I wanted to start with our champagne right away (hey, it was my birthday!) and if I do say so myself, the champagne went perfectly with the first two courses! Service/Staff: The service was spot on for the ambiance. We really liked speaking to our server/host who had a completely unapologetic laid-back stoner/skater vibe. The drinks were poured frequently, and several times the chefs came out to share a shot with us, explain a dish or check to see how we were doing. THE FOOD: So this is why you're here. I felt like I was being treated to a private meal from one of the world's best chefs. Very special! The menu was different than what they had listed on their website and was $5 more per person as well (big whoop). All of the dishes were inventive and purely pleasant-everything was amazing, but I'll try to pick out a couple of unforgettable standouts. None of the dishes were too "challenging" (i.e. "icky-tasting" to the non-sophisticate like myself) to the palate (like some things I've had at similar places like Moto or Green Zebra). The Chef straddled the sweet/savory line perfectly throughout the meal. The dishes defied classification as any kind of ethnic cuisine, but there were certainly a number of influences present throughout (German, Norwegian?, Mexican, japanese, Italian etc.) We ended up with about 12 courses in all, once they threw in a couple of surprises (seriously, don't neglect the booze bribe!) The portions were just about perfect, and I almost made it to the end, but the ultra-rich beef mole S'more got the better of me in the 10th-ish course. My husband finished it off for me. I left super full but not over-stuffed. The procession of the courses was great and pretty well-timed, likely albeit a bit speedy on account of our being the only ones there. The most magical dish was the often referenced off-menu Quail Egg Ravioli. It was heavenly. Simply not to be missed. God's gift to food, the Pork Belly, was prepared at it's best, with a butterscotch sauce (which I was afraid would be too sweet/cloying) was just perfect. I'm pretty sure my last meal would be Quail Egg Raviolis and Pork Belly. A surprise stand-out was the Octopus appetizer. Paired with pineapple chips, a bit of proscuitto and balsamic and macadamia sauces, was a perfect, bright, tasty kick-off to the meal. Also, of note: my husband, not a dessert fan, loooovved the Celery Pie dessert (fun!). I guess I was looking to finish off with something a little more tart/less heavy, but he absolutely devoured his (and most of mine). No excuses - this is a must-go for anyone who likes fine food: obscenely reasonably priced, BYOB, ridiculously good food, friendly service, intimate atmosphere. Experience some really special food from a truly gifted chef. We'll be back!!!!!
