A coveted 5 star rating? I know, but after searching for a negative for Q, I couldn't find one. Everything was outstanding from the kettle chips and pickles to the key lime pie. I went here with four coworkers when one of our colleagues was in from London for some 'teambuilding.' Upon walking in, it's much larger than it looks from the outside. The best way I could describe it is upscale farmhouse. It's clean and Southern decor, but the upstairs is quite posh. We walk in and go to the hostess stand. As one went to go check on our table, Lee Ann Whippen came over and was doing something and then left. So I look at the other hostess still there and said, 'wow, she's really here huh?" to which she replied, 'oh yea, Monday through Friday!' I was so excited. I think for me meeting an awesome chef is how most people get if they were to meet some Hollywood douchebag. As soon as we got to the table, we got kettle chips and garlic pickles. Now, I love me some bread baskets but sometimes is really nice when you get something other than the standard. Garlic pickles? I mean why has no one thought of this before. Yes, there are whole garlic cloves in there and yes, I ate one. So then to my pleasant surprise, Lee Ann comes over to our table to chat! She recommended the shrimp and grits for an app, and she said it wasn't on the menu, but for ribs (other than the competition ribs) you get get a full slab but half baby back and half spare ribs. Excellent idea since I know most people prefer baby back but I prefer spare. She also recommended the corn bread over the other sides, although unfortunately I didn't try any because my carbs were dominated by the cheddar poblano cornbread we were sold on last minute (yum, by the way). When comparing it to the goat cheese cornbread at Table 52, tough call. I suggest a yes to both, lol. The head chef coming out to the table though to me is what separates a 4 star and a 5 star place so that was quite nice. Onto the food. Yes, it was a Monday but wow they have superb service. The shrimp came out about 5 minutes after we ordered it. So the shrimp were barbecued and, well, shrimp. Nothing spectacular there. But the grits...if there's food in heaven, I'm fairly certain it's these grits. I want some more, like, now. So after these, we decided to order a bunch of food for the five of us to share. We went with the Q3 and got pulled pork, half chicken, and brisket. The brisket was good, but not the standout to me. The chicken was really good. Completely tender and succulent, but the pulled pork was the star. They bring out four sauces and I feel I'm not doing my review justice by not trying them all but the spicy one was so good I couldn't stop. I had to order more of it! We also got some mac and cheese because you can't go wrong with that. Then onto the ribs. I had one of each. They were awesome! So after 3 meats, cornbread, mac and cheese, and a slab of ribs, what else would you get? More ribs of course! We were still a tad hungry and decided to get the competition ribs. Yea I thought the prior ribs were good but these were out of this world. We actually had to poll the table afterwards to see who liked the regular slab and who liked the competition. The competition won by a slim 3-2 margin. The competition was unbelievably tender and very meaty and just what I dream ribs are about. After eating enough food to feed a small country, we opted for key lime pie. Our Londoner wanted to try so we all took a bit. I'm not a huge key lime pie fan but this was outstanding. It wasn't as tart as I typically find in key lime. It was extremely light and airy as well. Moral of the story, I want to go back. Actually, not sure what I'm doing writing this review when I should be on my way back to Q!
