Came here with my roomie and a few of her coworkers. We got there first and there ended up being an hour wait. We thought we'd hang out in the bar for drinks before. Our server in the bar, Pepe, was amazing and attentive. I started out with the Champagne Margarita-awesome choice. Then had the Cha-Chamoy; it's an alcoholic apricot drink with chipotle salt on the rim. LOVED it. Dont get this drink if you cant handle spicy. My roommate said her lips were burning, but I love spicy so to me it was nothing. We ordered the appetizer sampler (cant remember the name of it) and it was so good! The perfect mix of quesadilla, chicken taquitos, ceviche, and guacamole. Their guacamole is good-not too salty not too limey. I'm a huge fan of their salsa verde as well. After waiting for much longer than expected for our table, we finally were seated and greeted by Paco, another amazing server. I ordered the special that night-mahi mahi with a green tomatillo sauce and verde rice. Sounds great right? it wasnt. It was mediocre and there was nothing too special about the sauce, an average tomatillo sauce on a piece of mushy mahi with green rice. in all honesty, it looked like a baby throw up. why would u pair mush with more mush? luckily, i had ordered another champagne margarita and that sufficed.  we didnt have time for dessert. the service was impeccable MINUS the rude hostess who was annoyed when we asked for a table of 6. We asked if they dont usually seat 6 and she answered "no we do not". When we were being seated however, there was a table of 10+ next to us! The servers we had were entertaining and attentive. Looking at the other entrees ordered at the table, the food was meh. And no offense to Bayless fans, I was not impressed. I didnt know who he was going into the restaurant, and I sure wont remember him coming out of it. And definitely not to offend again but, it seemed like "white people" Mexican food.  I want something with flavor and kick. Give me ma&pa tacqueria over this place anyday.  The service and drinks are what gave this place the 2 stars.
