I really like this place, but it's not for all of the people all of the time. I am over standing in lines for places, so if there is a line (and there usually is), I consider myself SOL. However, the doormen and hostesses have always been very accommodating regarding seating preferences Drinks come out S-L-O-W-L-Y. Unless you plan to camp here for an hour minimum, it's frustrating. Start thinking about your 2nd when you get your first. Waitstaff is usually very knowledgeable. This is helpful as they use hard-to-find liquors and unusual-sometimes because they are classic and time intensive to make preparations. However, if your server *isn't* up to speed, it can be frustrating and end in an unpleasant surprise. It's DARK in there. The menu is really worth reading, but it's neigh impossible to see by your tiny votive and nearly non-existent ambient light. That gets frustrating. Love the decor which is minimal and cozy at the same time. It's never too loud in there. The music ranges from Sinatra to Bruce Springsteen (why?) but is loud enough to provide ambient noise, not loud enough to distract and a nice change from the ambient/techno/electronica or that godawful 'crate and barrel' jazz that get's played in 'hip' places. It's never too crowded in there. their strict no-standing policy keeps the place from feeling confining, while the arrangement of chairs and tables keeps you feeling both private and relaxed. The tables, however are another story - so tiny,that when you drink comes out-usually with a sidecar, it gets smushed onto your minuscule table along with a candle or two. Order food or another drink and-well, it's cumbersome. But it's better that a huge table between you and your partners. No place for your large partying mob who wants to round out the night with a bang. It's a good date place, a sophisticated pre-party enclave, or a post dinner romantic wind down. You will be disappointed if you've been partying all night or want to impress a large number of out of towners. It's not typically Chicago style entertainment (unless you mean old-school speakeasy style) nor worth the patience if you wanna get your drink on, dance your ass off, or rock the Casbah. Behave - like really. I never found the door staff snooty, but they will pick a chic young trendy couple, a sophisticated group of chaps, a trio of well dressed (not clubby as much as...well dressed), or a small group of young professionals over 'party people' no matter how much cash you flash. they really seem so want to work that vibe. I'm cool with that. In a city where you can get almost any party atmosphere you want, a space that caters to the come in, spend money, chill out, dont wait in line for (Immaculate-did I mention that?!?!?) restrooms. I'm happy to see this. Oh, one other thing, I have NEVER been rushed out of here. If you and you sit there and nurse one drink for 2 hours, they never make you feel rushed. The atmosphere is such that I have walked out of there shocked there was a line to the corner b/c the staff does not rush you. Damn, that's sweet. First times, skip a weekend night, treat yourself on a Wed perhaps, grab your date or buddy you havent talked to enough lately. Have a drink and some deviled eggs-you wont be disappointed!
