On one of my Chicago pizza excursions in the last few months, I dragged my friend to yet another spot for me to try. I remember this place in being one of the more famous ones from when I visited Chicago a lot as a kid. I remember liking it, but my palette really wasn't developed the way it has flourished now hahah Anyways, I was excited to try this again to see how it really compares to the other ones I've tried like Lou's and Giordanos. And now that this place has been on Man v Food, I had to try it. I ordered their sausage deep dish pizza. I decided to opt for the sausage patty as opposed to the crumbles, just cuz I thought it would be more known for that. Not many places do sausage that way, so I thought it would be worth a shot. I think that this ended up being a mistake. It was just too much sausage for each bite. I didn't care for the sausage to cheese to crust ratio. If you're going to have a sausage patty, I feel like you need to have more cheese in their to balance out the meatyness of the pizza. So definitely opt for crumbles. The second thing I noticed about the pizza that I wasn't expecting was that the crust was pretty much corn bread. It really is a cornmeal crust, but more than that, I thought I was eating cornbread. In that, it all felt a bit disjointed. The crust didn't fuse together with the other ingredients in the pizza as well as I would have liked. It also goes back to just the ratio of it all together. I think there definitely needs to be more cheese to make up for the cornmeal crust and the meaty sausage patty. Another thing to note about the crust is that it didn't hold the ingredients towards the middle of the pizza as well as Giordanos or other deep dish pizzas. This made it nearly impossible to eat with your hands, which is a key part of pizza feasting. Long story short, here is the take away message: Don't get the sausage patty Maybe ask for more cheese. Be warned of the cornmeal/cornbread crust Is it good? Ya, it is. There are just other places that I have preferred like Giordanos and Lous.
