The four of us flew to Chicago from California one weekend for the express purpose of dining at Alinea.  We opted for the 23 course "tour" menu. Every element of the dining experience at this restaurant is carefully considered, even your first steps into the restaurant. When you enter the unmarked building, you step into a long disappearing corridor. There is an automatic sliding door which surprises you near the end of the corridor. The dcor is modern and minimalistic. There is no tablecloth on the table, but as you will find out, there are many, many pillows that will show up throughout the dinner. There are pillows for our bench seating. There are little pillows upon which to rest your clean utensils. There are even aromatic pillows that accompany a dish, releasing the fragrance of juniper as it slowly deflates sitting under the weight of the dish. Service is impeccable. At least one waiter would stand unobtrusively in the background at all times to tend to our every need. Our first course was a small, bite sized croquette. When one of my dining partners and I joked that we were going to be disappointed if we needed to go out for steak after dinner, a waiter came by a minute later offering us bread. When one of us started to fall behind in the 12 glass wine pairing, the sommelier started to pour less, and charged us proportionately less.  The dishes I loved the most were dishes that paired together interesting and contrasting tastes but were not overly fussed with.  For example, the first course called "croquette" was a small croquette with cream and a garnish of steelhead roe. I wasn't impressed with the idea of a croquette, but when you pop it into your mouth, the crunchy crust quickly gives way to an unexpectedly tender, creamy interior, shortly before the luscious oily roe pops over it all. A good start. Our second course was called "octopus" and consisted of a thin slice of octopus stacked with shiso flowers and papaya. A small bowl of broth made from soy beans accompanied it. The combination of flavors and textures was delicious, and the broth chaser complemented the octopus well. The dishes that I did not love, and even disliked, usually involved ingredients that were overly processed to the point where the attempt to extract the essence of the flavor resulted more often in ill tasting artificialness. It was like you were eating a purple grape flavored candy as opposed to a fresh grape. The worst dish representing this was a dish called "short rib," which included Guinness beer, peanuts and fried broccoli. Now, I absolutely adore short ribs and beer, so how could anyone mess this up? Here's how. The chunk of short rib sat under a translucent, square thin gelatin sheet, presumably made of the Guinness. Bits of peanut and burned broccoli were scattered about the dish, along with mustard seeds.  What I love about beer is that refreshing, hoppy, cool liquid taste sliding down your throat, perhaps cleansing away the fatty short ribs you just ate. Now take away the liquid, refreshing, tasty aspects of beer, and what you've got left is that gelatin sheet. The short rib lacked its usual rich, fatty, chewy texture and more resembled stewed meat. Even the mustard seeds and burned broccoli had a monotonous, bitter taste. Not all the dishes need to be great, but none of the dishes should be...bad. A disappointing surprise was that many of the dishes were over salted, killing whatever flavor was underneath. For example, in a dish called "hot potato," the warmth of the hot potato released the mouth watering aroma of a black truffle slice and contrasted nicely with the chill of a cold cream potato soup, but the whole dish was marred by the extreme saltiness of the soup. At first, we thought this was a fluke, but several dishes had the same problem.  On the plus side, all the meats, from the delicate seafood to the venison, were cooked perfectly. Also, careful attention was paid to the texture of each element in the dishes, a dimension I find is often ignored in many restaurants.  Achatz' techniques show their strength in the desserts. Almost a third of the courses could be considered desserts, which is more than I would have liked, but they all had interesting combination of tastes that worked well with each other. I loved the bubble encapsulating sweet ginger liquid in one of the desserts, and I also loved the subtly flavored cube of shaved ice that contrasted with the creaminess of horchata pudding in another dessert. The wines we drank (One 12 glass wine pairing plus 2 bottles) were all good, though not remarkable. The sommelier hinted as much when he mentioned that the wine was selected to complement the food, not dominate it.  Like the touristy dorks we are, we asked for Grant Achatz' autograph on our souvenir menu.  He graciously complied for all four of us: "Thank You, Grant." Our total worked out to be $1200 before tip. You're welcome.
