1) We started, ya vol, at a "traditional German standing-room-only" table while our dinner party arrived, where we could have, but chose not to, partake in rounds of grog. I say grog because it just felt like that is what we should have been drinking, since there was this communal dining table that wrapped around the restaurant. Additionally, there were stalls, and I really do mean stalls, as you got into your booth and doors shut behind you, making you feel like you're in a stable. Sadly, we did not get to eat in the cattle cars; instead, we were eventually seated at the communal table. I will say this: aside from everything else, I find this gimmicky and stupid and awful. The wood is gorgeous, the ambiance lovely, and then it's all ruined by having to sit next to another group. This is not the way this country works any more, I don't think. We value our privacy and our pigeon cooping too much. VALUE MY PERSONAL SPACE, I say. I choose to broach conversation with few. Get away from me. That's pretty much where the uncomfortable part ended, though. We were asked to pick several plates, which were then ordered into loose courses for us by our waiter. 2) We started with a sort of charcuterie of pig - "taste of three hams", with "peasant bread" and "goat butter". The goat butter tasted...like butter, shockingly, and the bread was fine. The pig, though, was excellent. Thinly sliced and each of the three types of pig had very distinctive tastes, to the point where I loved two and hated one for being too smoky. 3) We also shared frites with two eggs, frites just on their own with a side of aioli, and a cone of pork rinds. The frites with two eggs were quite good, but the eggs actually got in the way of the perfection of the fries themselves -- somehow managing to be super-crisp on the outside but soft and moist on the inside, well-seasoned but not overbearing, and not really needing the aioli either. In and of themselves, they showed what a potato can do and I could quite seriously have an entire meal of these little miracles. The pork rinds were just too odd for me to appreciate them. I'm sure that, for pork rinds, they are quite good, and I got a couple bites in where the paprika and other seasonings were blended deliciously, but the pork rinds themselves? Imagine breathing in a mist. Made of ham. It's just too strange. 4) Also ordered: "little gem salad" with a decadent buttermilk and basil vinaigrette and "head cheese croutons". If you are saying "what the what?" to the concept of croutons made of head cheese, you are not alone. However, what they turned out to be were deep fried X, where X is anything you've ever had deep-fried ever. It tasted good. What can I say? 5) One of the smaller dishes we shared was sturgeon: fish, with bacon on top, some creme fraiche and a lot of dill. It was SO good. I only had a bite, because coming were: a giant bowl of mussels, which were floating in a broth of the essence of savory. The mussels came with a little rhomboid prism of bread, and dipping it in that broth was one of the highlights of the night. The mussels themselves were quite good, too, but that broth! 6) For the piece de la resistance: sirloin beef tips, cooked medium rare, and sliced in such a way as everyone could get their fill. They were delicious and beefy, but they were, you know, cow. I've had it before. It wasn't prepared in any way that made it more special for me. It was delicious, but there's not much more to say about that. Having filled ourselves to the brim on everything else, we had no room for dessert. Still and all, a very, very nice night, and for much less than I'd expected.
