i loved this place! climbing the stairs into the creatively designed, wide open space makes for a entrance that speaks attitude, but the friendly greeter dispelled that fear, as we were seated to begin a meal as unique as the surroundings. our server was upbeat and helpful with suggestions, a really pleasant guy. my hub is an absinthe afficionado, and enjoyed one of three offered while i savored their take on sangria via a sangriatini, a blend of red wine, brandy, cava and fruit, which was absolutely delicious. the first course was a perfectly dressed salad with asparagus, followed by a clam and bacon flatbread that was unlike anything we'd ever tasted. we chose our tapas from the specialty sections, the duck with confit and fois gras, and the lobster in butter sauce with flan. a listing of ingredients doesn't reflect the artfully presented, wonderful flavors of each serving, and as small as tapas are, we were really stuffed. one surprising perk was provided by the gentleman seated on the bench to my left. he had ordered a tasting dinner, and had about four plates before him when we arrived. while we began enjoying our dinner, they brought out a spinach dish, ribs, and a lamb chop. he groaned that he couldn't possibly eat another bite, but was persuaded by his server to try at least one. he reached over, grabbed the platter of spinach (deliciously prepared with pine nuts and fruit) and the lamb chop, and handed them to me, insisting that they would be wasted if i didn't accept his offerings. oh no, twist my arm some more... we loved the spinach, but discovered that we couldn't eat another forkful ourselves, so we had the lamb chop packed to go. it was altogether one of the best dinners, and tastiest, most original tapas we've ever enjoyed. the only reason i held back a star was the cost. i'd suggest that you take advantage of the tasting menu, because with drinks included, our few dishes well exceeded the cost of that option. and though you'll be too full to finish, you'll be guaranteed some tasty snacks for a day or two.
