I grew up in what is now known as "Andersonville." Calo was the place I went to on Friday nights or whenever all the people from my parish got together for a "fancy" dinner. I would dance on the disco dance floor, get all the cherries from the bar I wanted, and sugared up on kitty cocktails till my parents fought over the bill with their friends and I passed out in one of the plush leather booths. It was dark enough to make anyone think it was nap time. Those were the good old days. So now they are all "fancy pants" and no live entertainment. Soooo I kind of refuse to go in there. HOWEVER.... Last night I ordered from their take out menu, which happens to be almost the exact same as before the renovation. I was really in the mood for BBQ, and after a not so good 1/2 slab from Fireside on Ravenswood, I needed to go elsewhere. I ordered the fried chicken/bbq ribs combo with minestrone and a baked potato. I also ordered Tiramisu. The bbq ribs were so much better than I remember- the meat was tender and fell off the bone. The sauce was tangy, and the temperature was perfect. Definitely not the most amazing ribs ever, but really hit the spot. The fried chicken was so tasty... the only problem I have is that the 2 pieces I got was a breast and a leg, and I *hate* legs, but no big deal, I was only eating half of the meal anyway, since it was rather.... ummm... large. The fried chicken isn't crispy, it's more tasty batter skin- it's got a lot of spices. The bake potato was great, fluffy and full. I got all the condiments I asked for, and the packaging was done nicely. I ordered it at 9 and they said "in an hour") and it arrived at 9:50. The delivery guy was very nice. It was a bit expensive, (came out to $30 with tip) but I saved half of the food. My one complaint with the food was Tiramisu, it was frozen. The edges were fine but the middle was not thawed, so I only had a few bites and it's in the fridge for later. It was also not the best Tiramisu I've had (that honor goes to Leona's). So all in all, very pleased with my take out meal from Calo. Hope this helps someone. I do, however, greatly miss the dim room, the disco floor, and the really awesomely bad live music.
