Attended: Oct, 31st, 2010. 12pmish. Party of 8 First of all, this place is highly overrated. I've heard so many great things about this place and I was severely disappointed. Pros: I didn't mind the wait because the Worm Hole is a couple doors down, and they have rocking coffee and an awesome ambiance. Check them out. At any rate The Bongo Room's wait was 1 hr, which to me meant that it must have been a hot location. The menu is quite creative and the ingredients are quite good. Bussers were really nice and were very helpful throughout the meal. Cons: The server that we had for our meal was not as friendly as she could have been. She barely only came back to the table and wasn't helpful at at. When it seems like you do not want to help a customer that doesn't sit well with me. The space in this place ins't adequate for large groups, and there were too many two and four top tables. Three booths in the back that cannot comfortably sit 8 doesn't cut it either. The flavors of the food missed completely. It wasn't that great to be perfectly honest, it was simply meh. The tastiest portion of the meal? The potatoes were seasoned well. As someone who doesn't like hollandaise or pancakes and waffles doused with sugar and chocolate I wasn't impressed with the menu offerings. Whereas they were creative they wasn't enough for everyone. Brunch drinks are way overpriced and complete profit generators for the restaurant. Not to mention the $15 per person ticket price for breakfast. The kitchen staff looks very undertrained for a busy Sunday morning. Especially I noticed that the hollandaise wasn't kept in a proper place to keep a safe holding temperature. Above the ranges near the hoods, sucks temperature out of items and the kitchen. I realize it's to keep the hollandaise at a decent temp, without breaking it. But you shouldn't cut costs at a price of your customers health. Also with large groups they charge gratuity. If they do this to you, and service isn't up to par. You don't have to pay the gratuity. This doesn't make the service staff work better, it makes them work less.  Overall I'd say there are other places for a good breakfast on a Sunday. The price just wasn't worth the flavor and the ambiance of this place. Seems like people just wait in line because it's supposed to be good. You could argue that quality is a factor, however it's not that much better than IHOP or Denny's in comparison.Not to mention I could get a better tasting meal there. For good breakfast go to Clarke's on Belmont. You'll save money, and have a better meal.
