One of the best brunch meals I've had in Chicago... Though I'm not sure if the people I dined with would agree. We showed up kind of late on a Saturday afternoon expecting to have lunch... after we waited an hour and a half (we walked to Merchandise Mart and back) we had a margarita and we were finally seated. Then we learned it was a brunch menu. This was a bit disappointing to everyone--particularly since it was 2PM by now. I scoured the menu to find something without eggs but there were only 2 or 3 options. I ended picking the Sapitos, which actually did have eggs but the waitress said it was one of her favorite things.  They were indeed amazing!!  The margaritas here--as always--are TOP NOTCH. They have a number of different ways to order them, my recommendation is the middle of the road option where it's shaken and served straight up in a martini ($8 each). One of the best margaritas I've ever had. They also have one that has a smokey flavor, is pink, and served straight up in a martini ($10). It was very very tasty too. I don't really know if the others at the table really thought their food was "all that" ... The mole was good... though probably not that memorable.  Our friend had a bean stew that I don't know if she liked much. Another had an aztec egg dish that looked like it might be good but probably too much egg--she didn't eat half of it. The service to me was "just OK" ... It was good when she was there though. It was also nice to see Rick Bayless actually walking around and doing things in his restaurant. We even snapped a pic w/ him. Brunch is served only on Saturday--not Sunday. Brunch entree prices range from $10-15. Pretty reasonable for what it is. Despite us being disappointed that it was brunch when we went, had we known and planned ahead (i.e., not ate breakfast, showed up earlier), it probably would have been a nice treat. Their reservations policy is confusing and sometimes perhaps even inconsistent. For lunch they apparently take reservations for all parties. For dinner they only take reservations for groups of 5-10, but if you call early in the morning they take a few same day reservations for smaller parties for dinner. I've tried twice though and both times I've called around 9am and it was already for the day.  (P.S., I posted some pictures of our food in the pics).
