Hopleaf could be the most-reviewed bar in all of the city, at least of all the bars I have ever looked up on here. It kind of surprised me to see that with as many reviews as it has, it gets four-and-a-half stars. That's a great average with a sample size of over 100. So in some ways I don't expect my three-star review to bring it down any, in the eyes of those who love it, and perhaps in the perceptions of those who are considering going here, since there are so many positive reviews. And to be honest, I think the Hopleaf is a bar everyone should check out. It's not a bad bar, and the selection of beers is fantastic. Much like it's similarly-themed beer-o-rama headquarters, The Map Room, Hopleaf has hundreds of bottled beers from distinct and internationally acclaimed brewers, and a veritable trophy-case worth of excellent draft beers. Hopleaf even offers a dining room and upscale pub fare, something the Map Room does not. Unfortunately, and you probably saw where this was going a paragraph ago, the Hopleaf is no Map Room. It isn't the neighborhood argument. To me, Andersonville and Bucktown are equally pleasant neighborhoods with interesting people and an artsy flair. I would be thrilled if I lived in either neighborhood and had the Map Room or Hopleaf down the street, since I love me a good beer bar. But I don't live in either, and so I have to travel to either bar, and in that sense, I prefer the Map Room. The first thing that left a bad taste in my mouth at Hopleaf, was, well, the taste of my beer. I ordered the Popperings Hommelbier they had on tap for $6.50. I ordered the beer because it was one of my favorites when I worked at a place that sold specialty beers. This tasted nothing like the bottled Hommelbier I was used to. In fact, it tasted like it had been skunked. In beer terms, that means the beer was bad. I decided to drink it since I had made it all the way out to the patio (where there is no table service) and didn't want to make a big deal out of it. But suffice to say, I have never had a skunked beer at Map Room, and I would have expected the same from Hopleaf, since they pride themselves on being a beer bar. Then there's the layout. At Hopleaf, the bar is in the front room, and then there's a dining room, behind it, and then out back there is a patio. I understand that in the winter, the patio is a non-issue, but would it kill to have some table service for the patio in the summer? It's a beautiful patio, with vegetables like tomatoes growing in the planters surrounding it, but to have to traverse the entire establishment to get another beer is silly. I suppose it doesn't matter in the winter... so I am just being picky. The menu is kind of silly too. It's broken down for the lowest common denominator, with sections on each regions' beers, and it's kind of too much. At Map Room, it's as simple as draft beers on one side and a huge list of the bottles on the other. I know for the non-beer snob this might seem more overwhelming, and difficult to understand, but for me and the rest of us aficionados, it's much simpler to spot the beer I am looking for with Map Room's simple alphabetization of the beer list. I guess when you take in all the other frills of Hopleaf--the excessive chairs and tables, the dining room featuring overpriced food, and even that gorgeous patio--it just makes the Map Room seem so much more authentic. Map Room feels better. Maybe it's the daily specials (Friday there is no special, but it simply reads "You're already special"), or that they have a "Beer of the Month," which ends up giving you an excellent beer at discount price, or that the crowd is just more tattooed, more avant-garde, and yes, sigh, more hipster-like. I'm just getting back to where I started with this thing. I'd heard so much about Hopleaf that I had to try it. And I'll go back sometime, I suppose. But when I am in the mood for the best beer bar in the city, Map Room wins hands down.
