India House is a very nice restaurant. I went there for dinner with a guy from Mumbai and another from Beirut. Our composite consensus score was 3.5. And I realized why I usually don't review East Indian places, and why I am rather indifferent about them. They are just not a good value, at least when you sit down and order a la carte. Buffets may be different.Or the fast food places like Ghareeb Nawaz. But for just a moderate amount of food, no drinks, or dessert, you cannot get out these Indian sit-down places for less than $30 per person. Contrast this with Mediterranean, Chinese or Thai, where you only have to spend half that amount. We ordered the following: 1. One order of Cheese Pakoras (about seven pieces) Meh! 2. Garlic Naan - Just give me a basket of this and some wine, please - probably the best I've ever had. 3. Salmon Fish Curry - Good, but salmon was "fishy" or not fresh. 4. Chicken Makani (butter chicken) - really good 5. Chicken Badami (rich almond sauce) - delish 6. side order of rice with peas - how could you mess that up? So the entrees were $17.00-$20.00. For that you get a little bowl of meat and sauce. No Naan. No Veggies. No rice. I can think of so many places where one can get so much more for the price. And while the food is good, I prefer to get more for my money. (I was treated on this occasion.) I would like to check out the lunch buffet. It does get good reviews. I learned from my Indian friend that buffets are popular there, too. I thought it was an American thing. It is a convenient location the River North area, if you need a nice classy meeting spot.The menu has around 300 choices, all conveniently numbered. The service is attentive without being obsequious. The waiters with their nice outfits and short jackets, their assistants with big smiles on their faces. No complaints there. I would just like to find an East Indian equivalent of Salam, or a better value. With so many other options other than Indian, I just prefer, at any given time, to investigate those options. And not have to order everything basic a la carte.
