Hubby and I went for dinner on Saturday night after a few weeks of craving a good steak dinner.......and that warm classic ambience that goes along with a good Chicago Steakhouse. Actually that's a lie, I personally don't crave steak and in fact never eat it.....But love the quality of seafood at most steakhouses while Hubby can chow down on his piece of meat! The last few Steakhouses we have been to (apparently a few of the best in Chicago) have been very underwhelming and so we were hoping for a little redemption at Ruth's......I wasn't sold going in being a 'chain steakhouse' and all, but Hubby promised it would be good. He was right. But a little off. Not good....EXCELLENT! From the moment we arrived for our 8:15pm reservation things just kept getting better. We were seated straight away upstairs in the 'hotel' section, while nice, it was lacking a bit in that all important ambience that is abundant downstairs....however, the Steakhouse Gods had a plan......they knew we needed to have the best waiter ever, and that waiter was working upstairs.....ANDY B! Not enough good things can be said about Mr. B......professional, attentive (but to too much so), knowledgeable, honest and informative...... the greatest thing, Andy B just seemed to love his job. Unlike 90% of wait staff out there, he actually acted like he truly wanted to be there. So thank you Andy B for making our night even more wonderful. Wine was ordered. An amazing and very reasonably priced Zen from Sonoma. Hubby is a wine snob, a "this is fine" is usually the standard, "this is really good" is a rarity - especially for that price point. The bread basket. One of my biggest downfalls and how I immediately judge a restaurant. On our table within 2 mins of being seated. Warm, crusty deliciousness. Perfect. Now for the food.....I went with the 3 course special - I started with the steak house salad, which on its own was typical....but with the remoulade dressing was exceptional. Then to my own disbelief and maybe Andy being honest about my first pick, I ended up ordering steak! My husband nearly died when I placed an order of the Petite Filet and Shrimp! Well I don't really know what to say......that piece of meat was simply the best, Andy asked how I liked it....I said it was like the Chef knew me personally and knew exactly how a (nearly) non red meat eater would want a steak cooked. AMAZING. It takes a lot to impress me with a piece of red meat. That's all that needs to be said about that. Sides of broccoli mash and beans with roasted garlic were on par with the meat.  Hubby went prefix....no appetizer as he had overindulged in the crusty deliciousness mentioned earlier. I probably should have taken a little more notice as to what exactly it was that hubby was eating...steak too of course.... whatever piece of meaty goodness it was, he was equally obsessed and impressed! Crme Brulee - a must order for us - was ranked in our top 3 of all time and the ideal way to end a perfect meal! (The Brulee was actually not an option as a dessert choice for the 3 course deal - but Andy informed us we could 'upgrade' for a couple of bucks) So in conclusion - I was weary at first, had preconceived ideas......I was so very wrong. Dinner for 2, 8:15pm, Saturday June 11 2011 - One of the best steakhouse dining experiences for my Husband and I. Thank you Ruth's Chris for steakhouse redemption!
