i had a mixed experience at gilt bar. i went here with a group of 5 for a friend's birthday and i would definitely recommend reservations. this place is no secret. after i made the reservation for my friend's birthday, i wanted a sneak preview of what was to come- so the bf and i tried to walk in on a random wednesday night and were told there was a 2.5 hour wait. whoops. it smelled fabulous inside, so i was even more excited for the upcoming rez for said friend's birthday. anyway, i digress. our group checked in right on time and were encouraged to go to the bar while we waited on the occupants of our table to finish their meal. i liked the vibe- and am always happy to indulge in a beverage, so we headed over to the crowded bar and managed to score 2 stools at the bar. now, here's where our experience soured a little bit. i bought a drink for the birthday girl and closed out my tab. when i ordered my drink, i also ordered a drink for another member of our party and told the bartender we were going to be using 2 cards. he was visibly annoyed and rolled his eyes at me. i mean, im sorry, but isn't that your job? i know i inconvenienced him a little bit, but i didn't think it was that big of a deal. hmmph. eyerolls aside, our cocktails were lovely (bday girl and i opted for the 'deaths door daisy'), so we tried to overlook the 'tender's 'tude. we wound up waiting nearly an hour for our table...which again, dampened the mood a little. we had done our due diligence and made a reservation, so we were hoping to be seated in a reasonable amount of time. we eventually were seated with no apologies made and grumbling tummies. we started with a variety of apps- the ham & cheese fondue, steak tartare, and the salad w/blue cheese- all really delicious. for our entree, we tried a variety...one of us got the mushroom and truffle pasta, which she did not share, but loved. i shared the meatballs and potroast and definitely was pleased, especially with the meatballs- really yummy. i think overall, everyone was really happy with their meal, but the service from start to finish just wasn't great. even our waitress when we were seated just wasn't very nice. we were in a little bit of a rush because we had waited an hour to be seated and were up front with her about it and were ignored for quite a bit of dinner. no water/wine refills etc. i know this place is hip right now, but hip does not equal rude.
