There wasn't nothing I wanted to do more than eat deep dish pizza when I was in Chicago. If that was the only thing I did while visiting I would have been fully satisfied. I asked around and I heard more than once to eat at Giordano's. To be honest I was skeptical. Any time numerous people have told me a certain thing was good, great, fantastic, I try it and am utterly disappointed. Since I didn't know where else to go we went. The location we visited was near the Magnificent Mile. The restaurant is cavernous, filled with Chicago political, sports, celebrity memorabilia. Similar to Applebee's but entirely city centric. On a Monday at 11:30 it was relatively quiet and we were seated quickly. Our menus arrived along with water. To my surprise Giordano's offered more than just pizza. Sandwiches, salads, pasta, thin crust pizza were all options. I looked past all of them and went straight to the deep dish pizzas. You can create your own or choose a combination. There was a spinach deep dish pizza and my mom and I ordered it. I was starving and was looking forward to devouring this heavenly creation but as soon as we ordered the waitress informed us it would take 40 minutes to bake. Ugh. BUT I WANT IT NOW! I did my best to wait patiently. Let me tell you it paid off. What was set on our table was a steaming pile of cheese, spinach, and tomato sauce. The crust tasted like the beginnings of a pastry, slightly sweet yet salty enough to enclose all the massive toppings. Talk about thick. I was expecting it but was still taken aback by almost two inches of pizza. This pizza was magnificent. I fail in accurately describing how delicious it was. Entirely worth the wait. I ate three slices and wanted to continue eating even though I was ready to burst. Regardless if your stomach is screaming, "Mercy!" the pizza is good enough you don't want to stop eating. Believe the hype! Everyone that told me to eat the deep dish at Giordano's was right. Apparently you can get their pizza shipped to your location. I am very tempted to pay the outrageous fee to attempt to relive that moment of deep dish pizza bliss.
