Worst Customer Service especially for a hotel that costs way too much for what they give*HORRIBLE Customer Service. This hotel does not assist in booking a room. I called several times, including leaving phone messages (for Chantel) and not ONCE did the hotel return calls. You'd think they would want to return calls to make sure you get a room? I had to call an additional service, the Starline Booking number to make reservations and the only reason I did that was because of going there for a wedding party staying there. If the entire wedding party hadn't been staying at this hotel, I would not have bothered due to the many phone calls and frustrating experience in even trying to book a room! The reservation hotline is also not much help because they seem to know nothing about the hotel, area of town, or features.*Plain Jane, bare minimal decoration rooms. For a hotel that charges $349 a night - $349 a night on up! They sure do have some basic, ugly rooms. Everything is very plain, the room wasn't even stocked with toilet paper or kleenex - we had to go ask for some, the rooms are brown carpet, brown headboard, white towels, white bedding. Plain and ugly.*Doorman/ bell hops - they were friendly and nice but paid no attention to taking care of luggage! Luggage cases were dragged out of taxi with very little care and dragged across the sidewalks and into the hotel - scraping up the luggage until I noticed! Our luggage had wheels on them - they were dragging the suitcases down sidewalk and through lobby without using the wheel side - thank you for scraping and damaging my new luggage.If I could give this hotel 0 stars, I would, but unfortunately you can't click 0. The customer service at this hotel is terrible - they all seem in a fog or haze, running through the motions of their job without paying attention to the care of the customer nor customer's things - and they don't even fully perform their job. For a hotel that is so expensive, I guess they assume people will stay there based on their location - but their service is horrible and not worth the trip. The one good thing about this hotel is that the beds in the rooms were extremely comfortable, that is it.I will not be staying there again, even if there is another wedding party staying there.
