This being my first Yelp review, I was hoping that it wouldn't have to be a negative one but sadly, after visiting Bin 36, it is. On a recent trip to Chicago for a conference, a colleague and I were referred to this place by the concierge at our hotel. I love wine (who doesn't) and one of my favorite things to do in a city is seek out a great vino-venue and soak it in. The place is a bit short on ambience - the open, strangely decorated space reminds me of the remodeled cafeteria at my alma matter. I was willing to overlook this, and my friend and I settled on a great glass of Spanish wine, which took 20 minutes to deliver to the table along with some water. Again, I was in no hurry so I shrugged it off. After the glasses were dropped off and we ordered a second round, the waiter suggested we order a bottle, which was cheaper than if we continued to order individual glasses. He also picked up on the fact that we were looking to camp out for a while and order and informed us that it was restaurant week in Chicago and, as a promotion, they were having $5 flights of cheese. My friend grew up in Paris and eagerly ordered two flights and a bottle. The cheeses were great, although they had very small portions, but for $5 we weren't complaining but the flights came out on chipped pieces of flooring tile (I didn't know Home Depot was getting into the restaurant supply business). The place was alright, the wine was good, the service spotty, but a new place in a different town is an adventure. The deal breaker came when we got the bill; in a brazen move, the waiter hadn't charged us for the two bottles, but instead had charged us by the glass for each bottle (in addition to the legitimately ordered glasses). The flights of cheese were far from $5 and there were a couple of entrees on the bill that we certainly didn't order. When the waiter came, we asked him about the strange discrepancy. He claimed we had ordered the entrees, there was no special for flights of cheese, and said that it was indeed cheaper to price a bottle out by the glass than order the whole bottle. We're reasonable and polite, but his manner quickly became combative and defensive. After brining us a menu to check the prices we found that not to be the case and called him on it; we also stated that we were far from drunk and clearly remember him promoting restaurant week and $5 flights of cheese and that we did not order any entrees. Something smelled fishy, and after working as a waiter I know some of the shenanigans waiters can pull to pad their tips; there are ways to inflate a ticket and help a waiter's take home pay. One of the oldest tricks is to present a bill to a patron, they pay it, and before it is closed, the waiter modifies the bill and pockets the difference. For example, a patron orders a $5 dollar sandwich and a $2 dollar drink and is presented with the bill. The patron pays with a card or cash and tips the waiter; afterwards, when the patron has long left, the waiter removes the drink from the bill. At the end of the night when servers settle their pockets and pay out what's due to the restaurant and staff, they keep the difference, which is their tips. In the above case, the waiter helped his bottom line by $2. I explained that I understood what was happening and that our ticket had been inflated (by about $60 worth, mind you) and that if it wasn't modified I wanted to speak to the general manager. Our server then got a very sheepish look on his face, as if he'd been caught with his hand in the cookie jar, and suddenly agreed to change our bill back and in the span of 20 seconds it had been miraculously altered to reflect what we really ordered and at the advertised price (the fast turnaround only confirmed my suspicisions - in most places it's like pulling teeth to get a manager to modify a ticket or comp something).  My colleague and I felt like we'd almost been mugged tableside; my hunch is he thought we were easy targets and we didn't know salt from pepper. Mind you I don't care what the server did to the bill when we'd left, but what took me by surprise was that he was so openly trying to steal directly from his guests. I am so disgusted with this place I felt compelled to tell others. I cannot recommend Bin 36 in any fashion and if anyone decides to visit the place, try to keep an eye out and your expectations low.
