I was so excited to finally go to the Green Mill. I met friends there the other night to watch the poetry slam. The bar itself is really awesome inside and the band that accompanied the poets was jazzy and impressive. I had a Bloody Mary and a Lemon Martini. The Bloody Mary wasn't as spicy as it could have been, but still had a very good flavor. The lemon martini was ok. The wait staff was very nice, but the person at the door collecting $6.00 for the show could have been a bit nicer, and have spoken to the people paying, and not have man-handled people who weren't aware that they had to pay. I was the first one at my table and as soon as I sat down the manager/bouncer lady swooped in and demanded to know if I was going to be the only one. I told her no, that I was expecting two or three more people. Throughout the first hour of the night she hid by the door and glared in my direction, waiting for the opportunity to remove me from the table if others didn't show soon. My two friends arrived and the woman appeared again, asking if we were expecting more people. When we said no, she snapped, "I'll be seating two more people here then. This table seats five!" and then stormed off. As the intermission of the show ended and the band geared up to play again, we sat in the back, very close to the exit, and talked amongst ourselves as people in the audience yelled out to the performers on stage. I don't know how this lady did it, but she appeared from the darkness without us noticing and demanded that we lower our voices and stop speaking as there were people on stage. Awkward. The show ended at 10:00 and we stayed at the Green Mill for another hour as everyone filed out of the bar. Swiftly gliding past, the woman placed a sheet of paper on our table explaining how patrons should remain quiet during the shows because of the musicians and performers on stage. Again, this was an hour after the show. The Green Mill was cool and all, but it seems some of the staff would rather give a big F-you instead of a Thank You for coming!
