We went to Hot Doug's this summer on a Friday, because they only make their famous duck fat fries on Friday and Saturday. Also wanted to try the foie gras dog that got him in trouble during our year-long FG ban in Chicago. Good thing it was summer as we waited in a line of maybe 60 people out the door and around the block. Waited so long I went and sat in our car for the last 1/2 hour, reading the newspaper, let my spouse keep our spot. Finally got in the door one hour and 45 minutes later to find out we were "lucky"--it was 3:55pm and the line closes off at 4pm and then the resto itself closes as soon as the last of us are gone...and there were only 3 people behind us who made the cut. Imagine waiting 1 hour and 40 minutes and then being told you couldn't get in... Once inside, a lengthy menu of the most bizarre hot dog combos you can imagine. Spouse ordered the famous foie gras and Sauternes duck sausage with truffle aioli, foie gras mousse and sel gris for $9. Ugh. I mean, I love buttery cheesey things but this was sooooo over-the-top. Mine was worse. I had the Saucisson Alsacienne, which was bacon sausage with creme fraiche, caramelized onions and Camembert cheese for $8. It had a 3-inch thick slab of half-melted low-quality cheese on top. Camembert does not go with hot dogs, believe me. And the dogs themselves were puny, so the condiments are necessary to make you feel you actually ate something substantial.  The famous duck fat fries were totally boring and mundane, no better than ordinary fries, with some icky peel left on (I'm a purist, no peel on my french fries, please, just shows you're too lazy to peel). Mickey D's fries are an order of magnitude better, certainly Gene and Jude's. I cook with duck fat a lot (it's wonderfully tasty and actually a "good" fat), and it's great for roasting potatoes or veggies. So I know what duck fat potatoes should taste like. These tasted like cardboard. It was 5pm and a couple of double sawbucks before we got out of there, and we had left the house around 2pm. A lovely last touch: the staff was putting chairs on top of the tables and mopping the floor all around us with smelly stuff while we were finishing. Desite the added fragrance, the high-fat, high-grease, high-cheese pall hung over us for days. But based on prior reviews (which is why we finally went there), it appears that many people would die to get in there and eat, maybe will die after. Doug himself is a wise guy but doesn't have the routine down right. He's not deli wise-guy, or Ina wise-gal, or Charlie Socher wise-chef, but kind of mean and not funny. He barks at people and takes cash only, sits up front at the podium counting his cash while you wait in line. Laughing all the way to the bank...
