Celebrated my one year anniversary last night with my girlfriend. $142 after tax but BEFORE tip. I'm not going to lie, this place is amazing (her favorite), but it's just tough to justify the money spent, so I'm going to be overly critical. Pros (non-food): -Hostess pulled the table out for my girlfriend. -Waiter was very knowledgeable about everything on the menu. Very detailed and thorough). -Decor, very romantic. Modern and chic. -Food served very fast. -Food packed up very fast. Cons (non-food): -We were seated very close to 2 other couples so we were able to hear each others' conversation. -Dessert menu took 10 minutes to get to us after we asked for it. -Waiter would look around when talking to us (everything seemed scripted, not natural or sincere). Food ordered: Escolar, the great white tuna = Very good, but at $4.50 a bite probably not worth it. Spicy tail of the two tunas = I'm a sucker for yellowtail. Had a nice kick to it. Rock shrimp tempura = Great flavor. However, it gets old and we both felt like we needed some white rice to tone it down. It gets a bit old after 5 pieces so we took the rest of it home. Roasted duck hash = Recommended. Love the egg on top. The sauce is very tasty. Duck very tender. Best tofu; my mom would love this dish. Thai fried chicken = Thumbs down. At $21, you can buy a huge bucket at KFC or Popeye's with similar tasting quality without the sweet and sour sauce and the fish sauce on the side. Dry braised string beans = Thumbs down. Nothing special about this dish. The waiter made it seem like this dish came with the Thai fried chicken and that we had a choice between this and something else. $8 down the drain. Dessert: We ordered the "Ridiculous" and it was very good. Very heavy though so we couldn't finish it. Order this when you have at least 4 people in your party. If you barely have room left, try the avocado mousse because it's light and awesome. Drinks: Peared Sake = Decent. Nice touch with the cinnamon or brown sugar on the rim. Divine Lychee = So good, my girlfriend even drank half of it (and she doesn't drink). However, alcohol content seems weak. Chocolate Sensation = I need to learn how to make this chocolate martini at home. So good (alone). Definitely recommended if you like chocolate. But not a good combination with the very sweet "Ridiculous" dessert because coming back to this martini, it alcohol taste really comes out.
