With its Michelin Star, and relatively affordable prices, I had to dine at this Logan Square gastropub. The meal I was lucky enough to have definitely ranks in my top 5 meals in my life, possibly stealing a second spot. I must warn you, though, the atmosphere is not for everyone. The ambience and style, accurately described as "hipster" on yelp, was perfect for me as a young adult, but not so much for my 70-year old grandfather. Surprisingly (despite the fact that it was a Thursday night), we were seated after a quick 10 minute wait (Longman doesn't accept reservations). Amongst the four of us, we ordered three dishes to start. The first was crustini with three cheeses, the second was beef meatballs with creamy polenta, and the last dish was tete de cochon. I have had variations of these dishes at restaurants such as the Purple Pig and Girl and the Goat, and I have to say that Jared Wentworth's version of the above dishes stole the show in comparison to the other two venues. My favorite had to be the tete de cochon, despite the fact that the Slagel Family Farm meatballs were the best meatballs I have ever had. For my entre, I went with the online buzz consensus of ordering the pork belly, and I must say, my expectations were exceeded tenfold. A hearty portion that filled me up, the pork belly was more meat than fat and was cooked to perfection in comparison to the copious amounts of pork belly I have had in my life. As if the divine pork belly was not enough, the butternut risotto performed as an excellent sidekick. New to the risotto game, Longman and Eagle's was better than other Chicago spots I have been to, including the former Michelin Star holder Sixteen. It was also beautifully paired in terms of flavor with the pork belly. My dining peers ordered pork cheek, wild boar sloppy joe, and steak. I was fortunate enough to try the steak, which was cooked amazingly well, and also the beef fat fries paired with the wild boar sloppy joe, which rivaled Stephanie Izard's ham frites. For dessert, I ordered the chocolate pate, which was delicious, but a bit underwhelming in comparison to the quality of the dinner. This is the only problem I have when comparing Izard's joint with Wentworth's. The meal (excluding dessert) left me more satisfied at Longman and Eagle, but my chocolate bouchon g&g was much better than my chocolate pate. If I was forced to risk waiting two hours for a meal, I'd revisit Longman and Eagle before g&g.
