We made reservations for four, two months in advance and only had a choice for 9:30 pm. Ok, I get it. It is a newcomer in the steakhouse capital of Chicago. We really wanted to try it and give it 5 stars.We arrived at 8:45 and were told we would be seated closer to our reservation time. We went into the bar, which was packed solid.Noisy, with a not so good piano bar and singer. Could not hear the singer but we were able to grab two bar stools when a couple was called for their table. This helped a lot.Bartenders were great, professional. However, after two drinks and one hour and fifteen minutes later, I was starting to feel inebriated and hungry, shakey. My husband checked up at the desk and the answer was we are working on it. All right, by 10:30 we were ready to kiss this place goodbye. I went up to the desk and told them I saw empty tables that were not set; I have seen people coming in and getting seated right away. I actually asked one of the young women, scantily clad I might add, and she said her friends made the reservation this very day. Imagine that?So......do I have stupid, middle aged lady stamped on my forehead. We were ready to walk out, had received our coats back, when the hostess came up to us and said, Just wait because we have a nice table for you all. We were seated at 10:55 p.m. Our server was right on the spot with hot pretzel rolls and butter. We o,rdered the Mastro salad which was very, very good. It was crispy cold and delicious. Two of us shared a salad. I wolfed down two pretzel rolls. Bad, bad girl.Three of us ordered the steaks and I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass because I simply cannot eat steak at 11:00 at night. The sides we split were the lyonaisse potatoes, creamed corn, and lobster mashed potatoes.The lyonaisse potatoes were great. The creamed corn-just ok and the lobster mashed potatoes? Were they really lobster mashed potatoes or garlic? I did not taste or find any lobster bits in those potatoes but by that time it was time to wrap things up. No room for dessert and we really wanted to try the butter cake. Oh well.I have had better service, better food, and a very short wait at Ruth Crist. Morton's is second in food and service. I rate Mastros better than Gibsons because Gibsons is just as noisy and has really lousy sides. The lyonaisse potatoes are always dry and icky.Actually, I think I will order some Allan Brother Steaks online, cook my own garlic mashed potatoes or au gratins, make the Barefoot Contessaspinach gratin, pick up some pretzel rolls at La Briola Bakery and make our own steak dinner with friends and save probably $300. I will make some Grey Goose martinis and whola!Oh, but who will clean up? Better think this idea over.
