From the outside, it looks like just your typical hole in the wall nondescript Asian place on argyle, surrounded by many more just like it. The roast ducks hanging in the window however only hint at the wonders to be found inside A short walk past the take out counter leads you into two adjoining dining rooms, both small and homey. As soon as you are seated you are given a teapot and a menu with choices enough to sate the curiosity of any gourmet. No dish is priced higher than 9.00 and a number of the dishes are around 4-7. My friends and I decided to order several items off the BBQ menu and share them, since we just wanted to grab a simple lunch. We ended up picking the roast duck, salt braised chicken, and BBQ honeyed pork. Under the BBQ section of the menu dishes are offered in small, medium or large size. Small is about a 1/4, medium 1/2 and large a whole portion of the animal in question. Portions are much bigger than you would expect them to be, and the 3 medium sized dishes we ordered could have easily fed 6. The salt braised chicken (medium), a specialty of sun wah was done perfectly. Incredibly moist and juicy, with a thin layer of skin all around trapping in the flavor of the garlic/scallions oil sauce cooked into the chicken AND served on the side. The roast duck (medium) was crispy on the outside, firm and chewy without being gamy on the inside, and served in a very small amount of juice containing some sesame oil and sugar...a little greasy to the touch, but not to the palate. another winner The BBQ honeyed pork (medium) was our third choice, since we had heard the above two dishes were both specialties of Sun Wah and wanted to see how their standard fare compared. We were far from disappointed. Just the right amount of sweetness to complement the saltiness of the chicken, I was alternating bite to bite in gastronomic delight. And how much did this delicious meal set us back? All that and a bowl of rice for the table cost 24.50 or about 9 dollars a person with tip, and we all had enough to be full and bring back some leftovers for a later meal. The one complaint I have is that this is a traditional Asian restaurant at Argyle: meaning, if you are not that particular ethnicity, you are going to have to be much more assertive to gain the attention, much less the service of the wait staff. We saw our server only twice and had to call for their attention both times, so be aware. So if you're in downtown Chicago, hungry, and broke, catch the red line down to Sun Wah BBQ. You won't regret it
