The Publican is a true brunch destination, serving up inventive and comforting food in a lively and bright space. I am totally digging all the restaurants and bars in the Fulton Market area; just like Girl & the Goat and Au Cheval nearby, this place seriously oozes coolness. The bf and I met up for brunch here on Sunday with our good friend Billy Y. from home, who so happened to also be in Chicago over Labor Day weekend for work. I had originally made a reservation for two, but the hostess was kind enough to let us add another person to the party last minute as the restaurant wasn't too packed yet at 10:30am. It was a smart decision to come here with a reservation, because the giant space filled up unbelievably quickly and a huge crowd littered the area outside the entrance by the time we headed out a little past noon. The brunch menu here was so promising that I actually had an incredibly difficult time ordering. I ended up going with the red wine poached eggs, sourdough and bernaise, served with la quercia prosciutto and a lightly dressed baby arugula salad. The riff on a mundane eggs benedict was something special, and the slight acidity from the red wine actually worked and made the dish surprisingly light. The bf ordered the pork belly bibimbap with kimchi, brown rice and a fried egg which he really seemed to enjoy. Our friend went the sweet route with the beautiful looking waffles with an apple-plum jam and honey butter that totally made me green with envy. I only wish that I could have stolen a bite from his plate, if only he didn't possess such a big appetite. To accompany our entrees, we also ordered the obligatory maple braised publican bacon, hashbrowns, and sausage on the side. The thick slabs of bacon were certainly everything everyone makes them out to be - buttery, sweet and salty - a perfect symphony of flavors. Besides the great food, I also really dig The Publican for their emphasis on craft beers and unique brunch cocktails. Bloody marys here are not your average run of the mill stuff made with some store bought mix, but tangy and pungent with grated horseradish and a ton of pickled veggie garnishes. Now the kicker on those badboys is the beer served alongside the bloody marys, and my Zombie Dust was perfectly hoppy and bright. Who would've thought that beer would go so well with a bloody mary! The bf's publican mimosa, made with a Belgium Blanche and freshly squeezed OJ was great as well, a little "manlier" than the average mimosa I suppose. The Publican really represents what I've come to love about the Chicago food scene; the casual yet totally exciting cuisine in a genuinely fun, unpretentious environment is something NYC still lacks. The Publican was a much needed breath of fresh air for me, and probably tops the majority of my extensive brunch experiences in NYC at this point.
