I considered taking off a star due to the price tag that goes along with the Tru experience, but ended up with 5. Because it's just that: an experience. And a well-executed one to be sure. Bravo, Chef Martin!  The single misstep of the night was the utter lack of a valet. We waited at the curb for several minutes before I finally went in and asked. Might have cost them if it had been -12 outside or sleeting, but I'm in my twenties. I can handle the walk.  Throughout the evening, I was delighted by the staff. I didn't encounter a single pretentious person, and instead felt that they enjoyed our enthusiasm and wonder at the whole place. We were the youngest patrons by about 20 years, and everyone else looked bored and like they hated their dining companion. Our lead server, David, made the experience fun, and the sommelier Jen was spot on with her recommendations. From the coordinated water pour to service of courses, the Tru staff is a well-oiled machine.  Side note: Tru's art collection includes Adam Fuss's "My Ghost" series. One of my personal favorites. A real treat if you get to see it, as the collection rotates and often copies are displayed over originals. Food: We chose the grand collection.  First: comte cheese gougere. Loved the lightness, was a bit iffy on the Ritz cracker flavor. As it was a bonus, I'll go easy on this one. Amuse Bouche: cucumber salad on gelee, bouchot mussel veloute. Fairly insubstantial in comparison to other courses but well-balanced. Second: white sturgeon "caviar", avocado, hazelnut, with herbed crackers. My husband had never tried caviar so Chef Martin's pearled sturgeon was the perfect gateway drug. Husband says:"My favorite course of the whole meal." Success! Third: chilled kohlrabi contained within itself with curry oil. SO COOL. This dish is served in a hollowed out kohlrabi with dry ice, so it comes out bubbling. The complex pyrotechnical presentation paired perfectly with the singular flavor of the kohlrabi. Fourth: duroc pork belly, potato two ways, black truffle. I am not a truffle fan. I think they're overrated. However, I love all things resembling bacon. Maybe I'm trashy. Whatever. The pork belly was flavorful and the starch complimented it well. Yum. Fifth: roasted golden tilefish, banyuls brown butter emulsion, pickled daikon. The tilefish is cooked skin-side down, providing a crisp contrast to the tender fish. Bravo. Probably my favorite of the night. Sixth: jidori chicken, foie gras, wild mushroom, salsify. I wasn't a huge fan of this course. The chicken was a little undercooked for me. Husband liked it. A draw. Seventh: We were given the choice between dessert and the cheese cart. Naturally, I dove for the cheese. I chose four selections and David recommended a couple more. They were served with fruit bread and honey. The sheep's milk cheese came in second, with a simple herbed Mallorca taking the gold medal. So glad I chose cheese (as always). Husband went for dessert. I don't recall what it was but he liked my cheese better. The meal ended with coffee and mignardises. Our car was waiting (valet: redeemed!). We were sent off with a breakfast nibble for the next morning. The Grand Collection, a cosmopolitan, Manhattan, half bottle of wine, and tip came out to $475. Worth it? YEP.
