Seriously someone needs to smack the hell out of me for forgetting to share my/our experience here. My memory really sucks! Okay so I booked a last minute room here for a getaway weekend with my guy during March I believe ( ..) (.. ) I forget which month and am too lazy to go and pull up my statement to see......so ANY-way, lol. I got here on a Friday afternoon and much to my surprise the Hotel was actually awaiting my arrival - many hotels I have been to here have always had me waiting for my room to be "ready." It was clean and very contemporary yet dark in the lobby. The bellhop was awesome although he gave me a heads up on the slow elevators I was extremely shocked to wait literally 8 minutes for the ONE elevator to SLLLLOOOWWWWLLYYY come down to take us up to the room. The elevator itself took away alot of our motivation out that weekend when deciding where and when we were going anywhere. The room, checking in everything was as pictured however I did for some odd reason think that paying 249.00 a night would have gotten me a little more square footage especially since I upgraded the room to a River View. It really made me wonder what a "normal" room size was. The best was the view and the bathroom! I loved it. However by Saturday morning we were callling the front desk thirty times about housekeeping coming to atleast remake the beds and bring tissue to the room! I mean we left that morning at 9:00am and came back at 7:00pm to find our room just as we had left it and without any TISSUE! do you know how frustrating it is to have your body wait for tissue! Although the experience wasn't as great as I wished it would have been considering the very large bill I had to flip, there were little things like the location, valet/parking and view that earned the stars Edit**** I forgot the convenient bar downstairs in the lounge area....its an hotel employee but they have all the alcohol you can take, you can drink in the lounge and watch the flat screen or take the drinks up to your room! One more star for the alcohol!
