As a native New Jersey-an, I can honestly say that one of the things I miss most about the motherland is the Italian food.  Oh sure, you can get good Italian in Chicago. But there's just something about going to your neighborhood Italian joint.  The maitre'd is an old Italian guy in a tuxedo who will pinch your cheeks and give you a warm hug. Most of the recipes come from his wife, who has been cooking Italian food for her huge family for most of her life and can always be found in the kitchen. The servers and bartenders are their kids and grandkids. There's a guy playing Sinatra on the piano. It's loud and boisterous and fun.  I think Sabatino's is the closest thing I've found to this in Chicago. I took my folks there this past weekend for a belated father's day dinner. Now, my dad is a tough critic. He lived in Jersey for the first 37 years of his life, and we had to drag him to Chicago kicking and screaming. Every single place I've taken him that I think will remind him of home has been met with a big ol' meh from him. But not Sabatino's. It's about as authentic as you can get.  Onto the food. I was pretty surprised at how good everything was! You get lots of loaves of crusty bread on the table, and you also get a free order of delicious pizza bread. All of the entrees come with soup AND salad. The salad was nothing special, but the spinach egg drop soup I had was absolutely delicious. Between the 7 of us, we ran the gamut of entrees from pasta to fish to veal. And it was all really, really good.  (Side note: There's like 15 veal dishes on the menu. PETA would not like this place.)  Service was a bit slow, but all in all, we had a great time here. As we were walking out, there was even a guy on the piano playing some Sinatra. My dad actually had a little tear in his eye when we left - I think being in an environment like that reminded him of growing up with his dad in Jersey. I'm glad I could find something in Chicago that replicated that experience, and I'm sure we'll be back.
