Went to GE this weekend. From start to finish, the worst dining experience of our lives!8pm reservation - walked in an hour early at 7pm and was greeted by a girl who looked like she just got out of a production of Little House on the Prairie; faded jeans and some weird top; not what a front door hostess should be wearing. The waiting staff were dressed just fine in dark blue jeans and coat jackets. We saw three open tables and the hostess said we would have to wait and have a seat at the bar. She said she would come and get us closer to 8pm. The whole 45 minutes no one filled these three tables. Earlier I was drinking tropical drinks and so at the bar I asked the bartender if he had pineapple juice. He said, "no". This is a Michelin star restaurant and no pineapple juice at the bar! One high note was, watching him shake the martini mixer. No person alive takes this job more seriously than this gentleman; He'd be a standout for Santana on percussion. That night he scored a 9 out of 10 for martini mixing and made us and another couple across the way chuckle quite a bit. Near 8pm, I walked over and asked if we could be seated, she said, "oh, you are ready to be seated now?" Lady, I was ready 45 minutes ago are you kidding me! Once seated the lows became even worse. According to the menu they had parings and main entrees. We decided to order from main entree section. She ordered the Halibut and I the Risotto. The waiter who never smiled once during our visit pointed out that the main entrees were only 4oz !!!! I thought why was this not marketed as Tapas, which is exactly what it should have been. Secondly, why was he so quick to point this out to me. I guess this is a section of the menu no one else pays close attention to. I asked if they at least served bread with my $39 and $33 dollar 4oz dinners. No bread, shocking! This waiter left such a bad mark with me. He wasn't overly concerned that I had concerns. It was as if he was thinking, well too bad this is what we do. Very pompous individual. Needless to say I wasn't sure what to do, we took a taxi to this location I didn't want to waste more money, not knowing what was nearby, so we ordered our dinners anyways. The whole time we both couldn't help comment on the bartender, waiters and waitresses who seemed dis-interested in what they were doing; never smiling once. Here they are making 15 to 20% on tips, the least you could do is smile. With that said, the food arrived and was quite good for the small portions. However I should note I had as good as halibut at hotel restaurants. The risotto was very good. On the way out my girlfriend told one long blonde hair waitress she should smile more which she replied back, "it takes too much energy!" If that isn't an indictment on this place, I don't know what is. Bottom line if you like paying over $100 for finger food and like to walk out of restaurants still hungry, go to GE. We walked out and went to Ruth Chris's restaurant. We had stuffed mushrooms and a nice chicken salad we both shared. They even separated the salad on two plates for us. It was quite good and we were served bread! Great staff and they had a fully stocked bar which had that hard to come by pineapple juice.
