Spacca Napoli offers a swell interpretation of "pizza alla napoletana" (or Napoletan' style-pizza), and might offer one of the best pizzas in Chicago. What is the real-world significance of the distinction I made about this pizza as an "interpretation"? I would say that it simply not the same quality of pizza as in Naples, (or even in New York and the real Italian-American pizza, derivative of Naples). Spacca Napoli has the concept of Napoletan' pizza down great, but they could not quite execute a terrific napoletan' pizza. I know I know... Damn: I'm a major pizza snob. Growing up in NJ, with pizzerias on every other corner, with grumpy siciliani and napoletani with gold chains, speaking dialect, flipping pizzas around... this is real Italian-American pizza. Both types of Chicago "pizza" are really pretty lousy - made to appeal to Chicagoans, a necessary business decision because of the relatively low number of Italians in Chicago. Chicago pizzaiolos found a way to adapt pizza to a more watered-down clientele by greasing it up, adding more cheese, more meat, and buttered crust (yuck!)! - As American as apple pie perhaps? At the same time, Italian pizza is also very distinct from real Italian-American pizza. In each city/region in Italy, they make pizza differently.  The genealogy of New York pizza and many New York immigrants (such as my dad's side) brings us back to Napoli where pizza was invented! I've spent a lot of time in Italy, 6 months or so, and have stayed in Napoli for some of that time where I went on various pizza binges, including one great pizzeria on the actual Spaccanapoli. I would say that Spacca Napoli (Chicago) has the concept down. Yes, it is Napoli-style pizza. Yet, the texture of the crust was maybe a 6 or 7 out of 10. The chewiness wasn't quite as chewy. The sauce wasn't exactly nailed down.   It was also pretty expensive and way too crowded. I actually haven't been back there but once. I was a little disappointed by it in all honesty. I was inclined to give it 3, but I gave it an extra star for merely existing.  I'm getting kind of hungry... maybe I'll give it another try.
