Some of THE worst service I have EVER seen, and believe me, I've eaten at a LOT of places in the world. My S.O. and I went there on a Saturday night, after all the reviews on Yelp- all excited by their menu and selection- a wholly vegetarian restaurant with a gigantic menu? Amazing!!!. After a ten minute wait, we were seated, after which it took our server TWENTY minutes to finally come over and ask us for our orders. We ordered the Fiesta Calzones for appetizers, I got the Chiken Parmesan Sandwich with the French Onion Soup and he got some Asian inspired noodles something. FORTY minutes later (no exaggeration), during which we seriously contemplated just getting up and leaving because our waiter did not approach us ONCE for anything- forget telling us something was wrong or that the food was coming, or even to refill our water - our main course comes out. When we ask the waiter what happened to the calzones, he shrugs, and smiles like he couldn't give a damn. I - very politely- ask him if he would go check on it and he flounces off to go figure it out. We contemplate whether to start eating, and finally, because we're so hungry by this time, we do, and the French Onion soup is awful- it tasted like the broth itself was "off". The Chiken Parmesan Sandwich was quite good, and I was midway into it when our server (finally! he didn't return once before this to tell us what had happened to the calzone!!) returned with A calzone on a plate. (It said calzone(s)-plural-on the menu!). Being as small, chaotic, cluttered and claustrophobic as the place is, the table was even smaller and there was very little place to put the calzone as well our our main courses. We managed somehow, and the calzone itself was pretty damn good. We finished our food and then came the icing on the cake- one of our neighboring patrons, returning from the bathroom, passed a bunch of servers just standing around outside the kitchen - (as if the long intervals between service were not enough to irk one!) and overheard a bit of their conversation, which she then told her companion: "Man, having so many customers suck". Wow. WOW. Two stars - and only for my food, not my S.O.'s. Never have I regretted tipping someone except for here. Overrated, overpriced, crap service- I'm never ever going back.
