Okay, so, being from Los Angeles, the hot dogs here are done one of two ways: relish, mustard, ketchup and maybe some jalapenos. . .and then there's the ghetto dog way. . .the link wrapped in bacon and grilled on a baking sheet on top of a shopping cart by a Mexican in downtown LA. It's then piled high with grilled onions, peppers, and what else, but a giant jalapeno. Oh and the bun is rolled around in the bacon grease to make it extra delectable. So when I came to Chicago, even as a dog lover, I was a little hesitant at first to try the dogs here. Pickle, onions (bleh), tomato, and CELERY SALT? That's some crazytalk man. But I mean, it's a Chicago staple, you've got to try it. So my friend and I, being crazy foodies, decided to take the metro, transfer twice, and take a bus all the way to Hot Doug's for some of the best (we've heard) dogs in the city. After a 90 min trek. . .we made it. The line was wrapped around the building, but there were empty seats inside. Apparently the owner won't let you sit before you eat! But that ensures that everyone who orders food will get to sit and enjoy their meal! And even though this method doesn't seem to make logical sense at first, somehow it all works out. My friend and I, between the two of us, ordered five dogs: The Dog w/ everything (http://www.yelp.com/biz_) Shrimp and Pork Sausage with goat cheese (http://www.yelp.com/biz_), the Marty Allen w/ everything (http://www.yelp.com/biz_), the Atomic Bomb aka spicy sausage with pepperjack cheese (http://www.yelp.com/biz_) and the Saucisson Alsacienne aka bacon sausage with double cream brie (http://www.yelp.com/biz_). . .oh and of course, an order of small fries. The owner took our order, and I have to say, he is the nicest dude and super efficient. He approved my ordering The Dog with everything on it. Out of all the fancy dogs I had that day, I actually preferred The Dog. I loved the crunchy pickle, the sweet onions, the juicy tomato and the celery salt. . .yum. I thought the Saucisson Alsacienne was super rich, especially since it was piled high with creamy brie, and the Atomic Bomb was quite spicy as well. I mean, I love cheese and all, but I think I got a near overload, since halfway through the meal, my buddy and I were eating the hot dogs sans the cheese. I would definitely come back again. . .even though the bill was crazy. . .I think the five dogs and small fries plus two sodas set us back maybe 45 bucks! Insane, but the food was great, the store and service were good and they also have some interesting soda brands in the fridge!
