My two cents. Great for a date or say that last minute meal you need to help soak up all the drinking you've done after hitting up Mai fest or Oktoberfest in Lincoln Square. Thursday nights are opportune for bumping into a table full of attractive ladies, FYI. Check out Opart's photos and you should love their atmosphere and dcor. There aren't many Asian restaurants (in or around the city) with as much dcor from the motherland, so when you do come across it, it's memorable. The atmosphere feels warm and furniture is comfortable for the longer dinners with ample conversation.  I want to love this place because of their expansive menu and numerous options of soups and appetizers. If there is an appetizer menu at a restaurant, I typically want to order many; I like having many small plates of things to try. So, the fact that they offer their appetizer plate with servings for four for $8.99 is sweet!  However there are a few details to this place that are lacking.  Service and their attitude are lacking. No helpfulness is seen and I've never yet had an amazing experience with a waiter or waitress. Asian menus tend to only list what's in an entre, but neglects to depict to its reader the taste associated.  When I try varieties of Ethnic food, I like to try different items and try to stay away from ordering the same old shit. Everyone orders pad Thai, basil chicken, panang curries, lard nar, etc. It's when you branch out you discover other entrees or appy's that are taste worthy. For this feat; help is needed and that is missing. Try asking for a recommendation and get either no result because they are uncertain of your tastes or if you're lucky they might recommend one of the typical dishes I've listed above. Ask about a curry or what's the difference between yellow, red, green, or brown sauce and, well, I'm still trying to process the answers I've received.  If management is reading, a picture menu would be awesome. If you see a bunch of tables with a fancy looking metal bowl with soup within, don't order it! We followed other tables and got some kind of Thai hot and sour soup with chicken and it was terrible. Too much lemon grass and lime juice and to top it off it contained a crotch full of cilantro. I like cilantro, but that was horrid.  Again if waiters spent less time trying to impress us with their sashaying down the runway and more time listening and paying attention. I think the overall could be hella better. Solid three and a half stars in my book.
