As I read some of XOCO's first professional reviews in Chicago and Time Out Chicago magazines, I TOTALLY bought the hype. Churros, fresh hot chocolate, funky food combinations and Rick Bayless? How could this combination NOT work out?  After many moons of saying I wanted to go, needed to go, was going to go, I finally went two Thursdays ago with a friend and a friend of a friend. When I arrived, my party was already in line, and had been told that it would be about a 30 min wait. I expected this-- as Xoco is also famous for its horrendous lines. We didn't mind much though, because it gave us time to mull over the glorious menu scrawled on a chalkboard in front of us. When a table was ready for us, my friends ordered the Wood-Roasted Chicken Pozole and the Carnitas (Caldo). I ordered the Thursday special, Mole Poblano, which is a sandwich-type creation boasting braised pork, onions and cheese. Of course, we couldn't resist ordering hot chocolates (I got the SUPER thick Barcelona) and churros.  After ordering at the counter, we were seated at a communal table next to a very nice couple. Our food came fairly quickly, and we dug in. At first glance, I was a little disappointed with the portion of my sandwich. For what I paid, it didn't seem that big. Once I took a bite though, I knew that it was going to be very filling. The pork was so tender and juicy and the onions gave it a perfect smoky taste. The bread was just the right amount of crispy and I was in fact very full after I finished. My friends really enjoyed their soups, although the Carnitas turned out to be super spicy. I actually never tried it, but based on the reaction of my two friends when they crunched down on what must have been a chili, I can say that it's probably not for the weak. We thought it odd that there was no real indication of what was spicy and mild on the menu (although my other friend was asked if she wanted her Pozole mild, medium or hot). You order your hot chocolate and churro at the counter at the same time as your dinner, but they can bring it out to you upon request, and we got ours after we finished. When I got my Barcelona, it was like another meal. It was as if they took the richest chocolate bar you can think of, put it in the microwave for 45 seconds and served it. I dipped my churro in it and enjoyed a heavenly moment as the cinnamon, fried dough and impossibly rich and creamy chocolate combined in my mouth to make one of the best desserts ever. I'm pretty sure that was the first time I have never finished hot chocolate, but it was so rich and thick that I was sure I'd go into insulin shock with one sip. We strolled out happy and full. For those who have been saying they've always wanted to try it, and/or just haven't got around to it yet, I highly recommend to make like a sheep and follow the masses to XOCO.
