So to start, I am a server in a standard American chain so I know how to serve but I am aware of cultural differences that exist, and even more acutely conscious of the 'Asian stigma,' seeing as I am a half Asian living a few blocks from Chinatown. Okay, overtly long intro run-on sentence. First, I must say I came in an hour before close to order some fried rice. Yeah, I know, super lame but I had a hankering. Upon entering, the male owner instructed me to head on back to make a carryout order. First of all I noticed the waitress was chilling out and eating in the dining room and was definitely unhappy about having me inconvenience her dining experience. Plus, before I ordered she told me I was being unclear when I told her I wanted to get food to-go, which I didn't understand...but I tend not to argue with people who have contact with my food. She got confused about my desire for soup that wasn't egg drop or hot and spicy. She kept on asking me if I wanted a hot pot, which I saw on a table nearby and looked delicious but I couldn't get one to go, so no, I just wanted a different soup. Either way it was frustrating that she kept on asking for something if I wanted something that I couldn't even order. Then after placing my order and awkwardly standing near the back, the owner came up and put a sprite in my hand and led me to a chair and physically sat me down. Now this may seem to some to be man-handling, but he had a kind face and he genuinely wanted me to be comfortable. I then watched as he and his staff enjoyed dinner. But that being said, the fried rice was actually phenomenal. Probably phenomenally bad for me, but tasted wonderful. I ate half of it, and I was full past that comfortable stage. Their hot pot looks amazing and one day when it's super cold, I plan on heading that way and enjoying some. So, it's got really great fried rice, and amazing looking hot pot..so probably does other Asian inspired dishes well. Just be aware of the less than accommodating service.
