Chances are with almost 2000 reviews on Hot Doug's already, you are not reading my lil ole review. I'm probably going to repeat what others have written...duck fat fries, foie gras, yada yada yada. I don't care, this was an amazing experience and I'm going to sing my heart out. Arrived here on Good Friday a little after 10am to find a line (already!) of other meat eaters on a Friday during Lent. It doesn't matter what your religion is, when you come to Hot Doug's you celebrate the religion of delicious encased meat. all are welcome! And visiting with a group of meat lovers is a great way to worship! I ordered the Duck Sausage and the bro and I decided to split the Lamb Sausage and the Chicago Dog. Foie Gras and Sauternes Duck Sausage, topped with Truffle Aoili, Foie Gras Mousse and Fleur de sel. This is one super rich dog. The sausage was delicious and I loved the Truffle Aoili. The Foie definitely added the richness, I couldn't finish it, I think if I order it next time, I'll ask for more Aoili and half of the Foie. I loved the Aoili--I kept dipping the delicious fries in it. The Lamb Sausage, topped with spicy Harissa and Feta. This was very tasty also. I didn't like the texture of the sausage (a little dry for me), but the flavors together was good. The Smoked and Spicy Alligator Sausage with Shrimp Remoulade and Goat Cheese--I got to try this one and even though it was only a couple of bites, this one was definitely my favorite of the day. So flavorful--who knows, if i had a whole one, i might have left speaking a cajun accent! The poor Chicago Dog was almost an afterthought since I was already full from the other dogs. But the taste of Sweet Home Chicago was there--this was one solid dog. **For the stroller set. This is not the place to bring a stroller--unless HD is not full of folks. I got here when the place was fairly empty so my little guy in his umbrella stroller maneuvered well. (and we're talking the basic basic umbrella stroller--the one that looks like it's for dolls. Anything bigger would have been a horrible hindrance) Grab the table in the corner near the window--a great place for stroller and table as there's not room for anything else and stroller is out of the way of anyone tripping. Because of the long line we had to walk through on leaving, I carried little boy out while my brother carried the folded stroller. Worked well without running over people's feet with stroller wheels. If I would have gotten here any later, said stroller would have stayed in the car and I would have toted the prince in the baby bjorn. Momma comes prepared!
