The atmosphere is very romantic with low lighting and nice music playing. We were seated within 15 minutes of our scheduled reservation. We had the Geja's Merlot ($26 per bottle) and red Sangria for drinks which were both very good. The wine list is exceptional. We ordered the combination dinners and started with the appetizer (cheese fondu with bread and fruit). The cheese, to us, was not very good. It seemed over powering and took over the taste of the bread and fruit. We decided to dip the food just a tad at that point. The combination dinner was very good. The cooking time that the waitress advised, we feel, was a little less than what we cooked as we felt the meat at times was still not fully cooked. The variety of dipping sauces provided were all very good. My husband especially liked the spicy dragon one and I liked the honey and dill ones the best. For $51 per plate you would expect more food though. The dessert plate was the best and the waitress did bring out a small piece of cake with candles for my husband's birthday. We also recommend the Frangelico Latte for after dessert. SO good!! Our waitress was nice but seemed put out at times and almost fake. She barely came by and we saw the waiter/bus boy more than her. He cleaned up all of our plates, he brought our dessert and he brought our Frangelico latte (and recommended it). She did show for payment though. I do recommend signing up for their emails because you will get coupons emailed to you and you will get a $30 anniversary coupon which I definitely recommend using. Our bill was approximately $177 for 2 of us but $143 with the coupon (before tip). And beware: you will STINK when you leave there. You will smell it as soon as you walk in and it will stay with you until you get home. We decided to go straight home. We even felt oily haha. But overall, it is a good date spot, romantic and the food was very good although very pricey. We probably will not go back but it was an experience that we will remember (anniversary and birthday).
