Last night, I decided on a whim to attempt my first Michelin-starred dining experience. Longman and Eagle uncharacteristically had a 15 minute wait, and as soon as we got there, two seats opened up at the bar. It seemed like fate. The meal had some exceptional components. Our drinks (manhattan and old fashioned) were simply the best versions of these cocktails I have ever tasted. Considering that I saw them using Maker's Mark, this is especially impressive. The old fashioned had strong orange/bitter aromas, but absolutely none of the cloyingly sweet flavor that comes from an incompetent mixer. My manhattan was brash and assertive, with just the right amount of bitters. Food wise, the bone marrow may challenge Avec's bacon-wrapped dates as the best small plate in Chicago. The bones are generously filled with delicious, impossibly rich marrow, and topped with just the right amount of the requisite cranberry/onion concoction. I found myself scooping out the marrow with my fingers, much to the chagrin of my roommate/dining partner and I'm sure everyone else at the bar. Also, this gets major points for not skimping on the bread; I can't tell you how many times I've ordered bone marrow, only to have it be unenjoyable because the chef expects me to eat all of it on three melba toasts or something. This was perfect. The other components of the meal were very good, but unmemorable. The pork cheek small plate (with lentils, some sort of naturally black green, and fermented apples) was well-balanced but by no means spectacular. The venison sausage small plate had delicious components (sauerkraut pierogi FTW), but the sausage itself was sort of unremarkable; I'm not sure I could have set it apart from Trader Joe's andouille on blind taste test. Still, it was a very good small plate. The wild boar sloppy joe that we (somehow) split was awesome overall; however, only the bites that included the grilled jalapeo were memorable, whereas those that didn't were simply good. Also, the bun was not the best in the world. The beef fat-fried french fries that came alongside were among the best fries I have had anywhere; unlike most places, the ketchup is served alongside to mellow the flavor of the spuds rather than add to them. The staff was hipster-ish but welcoming; not remotely aloof or arrogant. Pricing was surprisingly low (we got out sub-$40 for all of the aforementioned food, libations, tax, and tip). All in all, I greatly enjoyed my meal at L&E, but not enough of it was superb for me to give it 5 stars. Had I waited as long as people typically do to eat here, I likely would have a less glowing opinion of it. Nevertheless, the food is definitely good enough to merit consistent patronage, and coming here only to drink is definitely an option well-worth considering.
