My life isn't spent exclusively at suburban indoor water parks and south side coffee hangouts. No, there are times where I drop in at a trendy spot, and Uncommon Ground fits that bill. Now with Chicago's first certified organic, rooftop garden, Uncommon Ground blends the bohemian with the mainstream, the earthy with the urbane, the hip with the haute, and--as you can tell by all the darn reviews--it's got people chattin' 'bout it. Headed over here during the week to see my friend's band play. Like a diamond in the rough, Uncommon Ground is nestled in a gritty stretch of Devon in Lakewood/Rogers Park. It really doesn't fit in there, but I ain't afraid of grit so it didn't affect my experience. If you loathe grit, greze, or grime, or you are hyper-sensitive to human suffering and poverty, stick with the other locale, a'ight? Let's get the bad stuff outta the way: The band setup is pretty odd. A small stage in the petite dining room demands either a soloist, an a cappella act of no more than three uber-svelte chanteuses, or a band that is comfortable with each other's musk. And the band should probably keep to the lower end of the decibel range as it doesn't take much to compromise the dinner vibe. Regardless of the band logistics, the food was outstanding. We ordered an appetizer of crispy pork belly that was simple and delicious. Don't expect a heaping mound of pork belly though. It's enough for two people or three--if one is a vegetarian. Our waiter was upfront about this. No big deal. For my entree, I had the pork tenderloin which, like everything at Uncommon Ground, was locally grown and damn tasty. There was also a white bean puree with bacon pieces and...I think...chipotle in it. My meal was like a pork variety show, and every act was hot shit. True, any meal at Uncommon Ground is going to make you pawn your fine jewels to swing the tab, but if you have the means it's worth it. Save up and splurge! Take the little lady! Take the meaty man! As far as drinks go, the beer selection is fancy schmancy with a gaggle of craft brews, and the coffee is provided by Metropolis. The bartender hooked it up with a fine cappuccino, and you know I got much love for that. I had a fit of hypoglycemia knock me on my duff before our meal arrived, and I solicited the server for an orange juice. If you're an OJ enthusiast then stop on by as it is fresh squeezed here, and due to the compassion of our server--"Man, I know you can't help having that shit. Diabetes isn't your fault."--it was on the house. Much love, dude. Much love. To wrap it up: Tasty, pricey, hippie/locavore/foodie ethos, fancy, odd band setup, killer bevos, and--though many complain--decent service can be had.
