I really don't get the hype on this place. Maybe I had too high expectations after hearing people raving about this place. The food was between good and ok, but it wasn't great. My fiance and I were not blown away. We've definitely had better contemporary sushi that have blown us away and leaving us impressed and wanting more (we are self-professed foodies and we eat out ALOT). The Spicy Tail of Two Tunas specialty roll was odd mainly because it was topped with fried shallots. The combination did not go well. Contemporary sushi is supposed to look pretty. The roll was like Plain Jane and the random sprinkles of fried shallots over the pieces and plate made the entire thing look ugly! I love fried shallots, but with the roll? It was odd. The other roll we ordered was Wa-Machi which was basically filled with hamachi and topped with green tobiko. The look of the roll was also not very appetizing because of its dull appearance. Don't get me wrong, I love traditional rolls anytime but if I'm going to pay $15 for a darn contemporary roll, it better look like there was some effort in making it look pretty and contemporary! Our favorite dish of the night was the string beans with lap cheong (Chinese sausage) and walnuts. This, I have to admit, was very delicious. Our server was adequate although I couldn't help but notice that another server who was serving the other tables next to us was beyond adequate than our server. After each dish arrived at the nearby tables, their server would go over and explain to them what went into the dish and how it was cooked. To me, this demonstrates professionalism and knowledge by the server which I regret that our server did not quite display at a restaurant like Sunda. The prices are also a little higher than other contemporary Asian places I've been to. I'm not a fan of how their sashimi menu worked. This is the only restaurant I've been to where each order of sashimi comes with 4 pieces and because of that, each order already costs about $14-$16. That defeats the whole purpose of ordering a large variety of sashimi platter to try and sample. At other places I've been to, one order of sashimi would come with 2 pieces. This is perfect for ordering a wide array of sashimi with a couple slices for each type of fish to try and savor. Sunda is a good place if you just want to go out and dine in a modern Asian restaurant. But if you're looking for better food, there are many other places in the city that can offer that.
