I dined here this past Sunday, November 15th, and the food was absolutely incredible! This, without a doubt in my mind, is certainly and already one of the top 3 steakhouses in this state! I would rate it right up there with Keefer's and Capital Grille as the very best our city has to offer in that regard(with Joe's placing 4th). Believe me, I have tried ALL of the Top Zagat Rated(in this category)from Morton's and Gibsons all the way down to Wildfire and The Saloon Steakhouse; I know what I'm talking about here. The Wedge salad, with the ranch dressing I added, was as good as the Ritz Carlton dining room in Naples, Florida. It was the absolute best ranch salad dressing I have had anywhere since then. The quality of the filet mignon and its seasoning preparation is indescribable(beyond good)and they cook it perfectly to order. They even honored my special request of an au poivre sauce accompaniment(not on their menu offerings)which, although not as good as Kefeer's, was excellent. The creamed spinach were superb, the mashed are comparable to the Four Seasons dining room(I still prefer Keefer's version); somewhat close to the Capital Grille's. They even have a three half sides tasting special for $21(but, you have to do 3, excluding high end premium ingredient sides); which I definitely recommend because a half side here is equivalent to a full sized side elsewhere. The butter cake dessert feeds four! And, yes, it's extraordinary; as are their whipped cream, caramel sauce and ice creams. The seating(tables too high in relation to chairs and too long across for conversation with a companion diner), room configuration/ambiance and noise level are all detriments(not as desirable as Keefer's nor Capital Grille). The portion sizes, on the sides, desserts, appetizers and some of the entrees(no lobsters available under 3 lbs!!! You would basically need to go with others who all agree on sharing the exact same things for dinner throughout); unnecessarily elevates their prices above their competition(highest anywhere). This, along with the weekend noise level, will certainly deter and keep many customers away. However, if you want to verify the exemplary caliber of their product against that of the very highest competition, then you should definitely dine here at least once(yes, its' cuisine is appreciably better than Benny's Chop House)!
