Pull out your stretchy pants and get over to Chicago q ASAP. So where do you take your mom who has traditional taste, doesn't care for fancy small plates, but appreciates good food, nice portions, and ambiance? Easy. You take her to an upscale BBQ place like Chicago q where chef/partner Lee Ann Whippin (of TLC's BBQ Pitmasters and Food Network) cooks up some of the most delicious BBQ in the city. The space (formerly Tsunami) is elegant and modern yet casual, beautifully done with white-panelled walls, rustic tables, large leather chairs and booths, soft lighting, and all the Southern charm you can fit into a place. As soon as you walk in, the aroma of BBQ just hits you in the face and makes your mouth water. Once seated, you are served unlimited bowls of BUTTERED PICKLES and homemade CHIPS. They are addicting and you might find yourself polishing off a bowl or two before your food even arrives. Then there's the food. Be warned, portions are huge. My sister and I shared the q3, a combo plate that comes with your choice of two pulled meats plus either a half slab of ribs or chicken. We went with pulled pork, Kobe sliced brisket, and the half slab of ribs. Everything is smoked, which adds that extra aroma, taste, tenderness and flavor to the meat. PULLED PORK--holy moly, best pulled pork I've ever had, melts in your mouth. RIBS--meat so tender it falls off the bone, served with three sauces (regular BBQ, spicy, and vinegar). BRISKET--tender, flavorful, you could tell it was cooked low and slow. SMOKED HALF CHICKEN--mom approved. She declared it better than the chicken at her favorite restaurant. If mom's happy, everyone at the table is happy. We also ordered a side of the MAC AND CHEESE, very tasty, not my all time favorite mac and cheese, but still good enough to order because it goes well with all the BBQ meat. And how I love CORN BREAD. Ask for extra butter to go with the corn bread, it was just a tad on the dry side. For dessert, we had the ESPRESSO BRITTLE ICE CREAM--yummy and topped with peanut brittle, very unique. Good selection of drinks--cocktails, wine, and beer. Old Rasputin Imperial Stout was great. The only disappointing part of our experience was the server. He wasn't thrilled to be working the Sunday after the new year and was clearly daydreaming about being somewhere else. However, the restaurant manager became our substitute server and totally picked up the slack. He came over in his suit jacket to serve me my beer. He refilled our water several times, brought us more chips and pickles, and came by often to check on us--and I really appreciate that. Kudos to the manager for making up for his lackluster employee. Two fireplaces, one downstairs, one upstairs plus a wine bar. Bathrooms upstairs are beautiful--I just had to mention that. This kind of comfort food really hits the spot on cold winter days. Even the reheated leftovers were delicious. Their kitchen is open late until 1 am on Friday and Saturday nights. I'd suggest you go here with family or go with a foodie friend so you don't feel self-conscious shoving your face full of BBQ. I'm drooling thinking about my next visit--I can't wait to go back.
