I spent a week at the Marriott recently for a conference, staying, eating, and drinking here for 5 days. There is a lot about the hotel that is good -- even wonderful. But there are also some downsides. The front desk, concierge, and bell staff are phenomenal. They are friendly, attentive, and move the seemingly endless lines very quickly. They are that same combination of assertive and nice that characterizes most Chicagoans, and they remind me why I fell in love with Chicago in the first place so long ago. The maid staff falls into this category as well, when you run into them, and everyone of these people deserve a hefty tip and a round of applause. The lobby showcases Rush bar, a rushed place that is constantly packed with patrons and guests of the hotel, and the staff flurries about as quickly as possible, slinging overpriced drinks while holding a terse smile and their breath. I can't blame them for their stress, but they need a few extra helpers on hand. The rooms are basic but nice. No flat screens or iPod docks to be found, but the beds are comfortable, and the blankets are plentiful. I asked to be on an upper floor and was given a room on the 39th, with a lake view, which was lovely. However, the windows either don't seal well or are too thin, because it seems there is no sound dampening at all between you and the Magnificently loud Mile at your feet. The detractions I have for the hotel are more on the conference side. The food, while pricey, is supremely bland. I had salmon one night, chicken the next, and a vegetarian dish the following, and they all tasted exactly the same. I found this disturbing, to say the least. In addition, the conference rooms are freezing. When you are sitting on your duff for 8 to 9 hours a day, your circulation needs a bit of help from the temp gauges, and these rooms do not afford it. Bring a coat. Better yet, bring a sleeping bag. I would stay here again, but I would not plan another event here. I recommend it for a pleasure trip to the city. The location can't be beat, and the surrounding shops, restaurants, and walkable places are worth every dime.
