This review is for the Cafe.... I used to go to the cafe regularly and recommend it to friends. Unfortunately, my last two visits have been terrible! A few weeks ago my husband, son and I came in for a late lunch. We waited 45 minutes for our food (and we noticed that everyone around us had been waiting too). When we arrived DH's fries were stone cold. We tracked down a food runner and he returned a few minutes later with an burning-hot plate of fries. Unfortunately, though the plate was hot, the fries were once again stone cold.  Once again I ran around looking for someone to exchange these fries for hot ones. By the time we actually had hot fries on the table, it was an hour after we ordered and we were finished eating everything else.  Today stunk too. I parked my car at a metered spot outside and ran in for a quick breakfast. They have a display of to-go items, but the most appealing sounding one, an egg white sandwich with "Healthy" in the name, was missing from the display. I asked if I could order one and the employee said yes telling me it would be 10-15 minutes and I agreed.  ......During this waiting process, I am noticing how the counter is run. Most of the time it is just one employee, who constantly had to go "somewhere" leaving the register, even though there were a bunch more people waiting. At one point, there were literally 10 people standing around looking confused with no employees in sight! Over 20 minutes later I asked where it was. She went to check, I waited some more. Finally, had to run out to put more money in the meter. (Why do I need to pay for more than 40 minutes of parking for a quick service sandwich?) When I returned my sandwich was waiting, I grabbed it and headed back to the car.  Thank goodness I opened it before driving away. Unwrapping it unleashed a flood of grease. No exaggerations, there was grease running out of the paper wrapper and down my arm. I fumbled around for the receipt, knowing that the sandwich was inedible. By the time I found the receipt it was clear from the grease. I went back inside and straight to the service desk. The woman working at the desk was wonderful and very helpful. She was unable to give me a refund at the desk, but walked me back to the cafe area and found an employee. When she told the employee that I wished to return the sandwich, she replied "Too greasy?" So I guess this is a common complaint.  So nearly an hour later, I'm back in my car, chowing down on a rice krispie treat and trying to make up for lost time.  I will not be returning anytime soon.
