Dark and romantic, this place will get you laid if that's what you're after. It also works well for discretion, such as an evening of under-the-table-business-deals, banned-book-club meetings, or giving your mistress your late great grandmother's silver varsity jacket or even that dress that didn't look quite right on your wife. Because this place has a quiet vibe, it could also be a great place to tell someone something they don't want to hear: break up with your live-in unemployed boyfriend, tell your sister she's disgracing the family name, or tell your roommate you've had MRSA for, like, ever; but my advice is to only do this if the bear-ee of bad news is into following the crowd and won't break the hush. Truthfully, I recommend the former; let this place get you laid. Though, be wary of the hot miso soup, especially if you just told your date that you really like hot spicy food. You're going to look like an idiot as you sweat profusely, turn bright red and then flush, and let tears roll down your face a little as you completely lose your train of thought on that witty story you were trying to regurgitate for the umpteenth time. Not so smooth now, are you Ben O? My advice: order rice too. No worries though, because the rest of the meal will probably win him/her back. The sushi is delicious and well crafted, although some of it looks more artistic than edible: it was near impossible to eat some without dismantling the softball sized maki roll into manageable pieces. Be wary of this as well, you're going to keep looking like an idiot if your mediocre chopstick skills can't extract a single cucumber from a tightly clenched seaweed roll, five minutes of struggle for a bite that's barely worth the effort to chew may make you look overly desperate. My advice: using a fork is less awkward than staring at uneaten food, and it'll make you look resourceful. The hot flask of saki is also a great addition to any meal, and merely ordering it will make you look cultural and worldly. At dessert though, once again, careful if you order the pear, the powdered sugar and cinnamon are coated on in such a way that huge volumes of dust enter your lungs at every bite, and needless to say, coughing fits of white powder wafting from your nose do not bode well at the dinner table OR on dates... Especially on dates. OK, so with this advice, you're bound to get laid. The worldly charm will ultimately pay off and you'll make all of the right moves. Or, maybe you've found someone who'll see through the way you've perfectly dissected that salmon roll and blew the powdered sugar from the pear and ordered rice with your miso soup, maybe that someone would have preferred the endearing and humble manner by which you make your best effort to be charming - regardless of its success. And maybe your date would have preferred someone awkward, someone genuine. You know, someone who sneezes into the water glass as they're drinking it. Someone who apologizes after a rogue piece of rice get's lodged into their throat. Someone who sweats through dinner because they don't want to take off their sweater because the shirt underneath is un-ironed ... and you make them nervous ... and it's really hot in there. My advice: be yourself and take him/her anywhere you want, though this place has good sushi.
