My parents have been to Chicago a couple times in the last few years, and both of them bring up The Publican's Bloody Mary with some freakish frequency. They've decided it's their favorite Bloody Mary, against which they measure all others. When I booked my flight to Chicago, I knew brunch at The Publican was high on my list. Now that I'm back home, The Publican is high on my list of favorite spots in Chicago. I loved almost everything about the place. The one ding is that we were seated fifteen minutes past our reservation, but otherwise service was great. Our waitress was nice, and I liked a busser who looked a lot like the main dude from Entourage. Not because he was handsome, but because when he dropped one of our pork rinds on the table, he brought us half a canister as a refill. Excellent work. I also enjoyed the setting. The classic light wood decor was supplemented by some cool spherical light fixtures and a couple paintings of farm animals decorating the walls. Our party of four was seated in a booth sealed like a pig pen. It was a charming set-up I'd like to see elsewhere, not only thematic but also a bit more private than open booth seating. The Bloody Mary was awesome, definitely top five material. It featured Tito's Vodka, a house mix, and housemade celery bitters, with a beer accompaniment. The cocktail was the right thickness, far from watery and far from ketchup, with a lot of heat. My family likes spicy Bloody Marys, and I see why my parents picked this as their number one. I also loved the plentiful garnishes - cucumber, onion, peppers, and corn, all pickled and delicious with the peppery drink. The beer chasers were unnecessary, but also kind of fun. I tried the Three Floyds Brewing Co. Alpha King and the Brauerei Spezial Spezial Rauchbier Lager. I liked both the paler ale and the smoked lager. The Bloody Mary was also remarkably affordable - depending on the beer, it cost either $7 or $9. Excellent as it was, The Publican's Bloody Mary did not make the meal alone - the food brought me to sacrilegious exclamation and murmuring disbelief. The spicy pork rinds came first, a cone filled with large crunchy pork rinds speckled in red piquant spices. The rinds were the perfect beer food, porky but light, and easy to snack on. Then came the main dishes, with a couple sides of hash browns. The red wine poached eggs were some of the best eggs I've had in the last few years. They were perfectly cooked, with yolks that held for just a second before they ran, slowly, across the plate. The whites were soft but solid, tinged with purple and laced through with a gentle red wine flavor. These were served with a dreamy rich barnaise over sourdough bread, with La Quercia prosciutto and a lightly dressed salad of arugula and thin sliced red onion. A cut of half-soaked toast, poached egg, yolk-thickened barnaise, with a silky strip of prosciutto and a little bit of green - a perfect bite, if that is what you're looking for. My other favorite dish was the bucatini alla carbonara with pork belly, egg, and parmesan. We ordered one of these for the table, with the idea that it sounded good and a few bites of pasta would be nice with our brunchier dishes. It almost stole the show. The hollow pasta was a pinpoint al dente, with such a wonderful bite we had to wonder why there wasn't more pasta on the menu. The chunks of pork belly were tender and pleasantly salt, and the egg made a light sauce that needed only pepper and parmesan to sing out. Everything we had was delicious. Though the poached eggs and bucatini were my favorites, there were no misses. The maple-glazed pork shoulder was fork tender, lean but not dry, with a great jerky flavor that did well with the maple glaze. It was served with a sunny side up egg, kale, grits, and pickled red onions. I loved everything but the grits, which would have been better with a creamier texture. The duck confit hash was another great dish, with lovely shreds of duck with cabbage, white beans, parmesan potatoes, and two sunny side up eggs. Finally there was the farmhouse cheddar biscuit with sausage patty, fried egg, spiced creme fraiche, and a citrus salad. This was the least memorable of the dishes, but it was tasty in its own right. Last, I cannot forget the cheesy, crispy hash browns, which we ordered for the table. We quickly demolished our first plate and ordered another. Don't miss these. I understand that The Publican serves many meals a week, and that only one is brunch. One day, I hope to come back for dinner, but not before I have brunch again. The food was outstanding, crowned by a Bloody Mary worth talking about. When I think of Chicago, I will always reminisce about The Publican.
