My husband and his friends love barbecue, so we were very excited to hear that CHICAGO Q was opening in the Gold Coast. They consider themselves barbecue experts as they are all from Kansas City, so I was eager to know how they'd like the place.  From the street, Chicago Q is so cute. It's painted brick with a great Southern vibe. it reminds me a lot of Table Fifty-Two, but not quite as dressy/upscale. We were excited from the looks of it. Upon entering Chicago Q, we saw the beautiful bar. With the white crown molding and butter yellow walls, the style was right up my alley. It was so cutely decorated. The deep mahogany wood bar definitely dressed up the bar area. We had a drink and had great service, despite the bar area being packed with people coming to check it out. We were seated right on time to our 7:30 Saturday night reservations - very unheard of in Chicago. Next up, the meal. We started with cocktails (**The wine list wasn't great, so we stuck with cocktails) and ordered the barbecue teaser platter as starters. This was a great way to try all of the different meats prior to ordering - as well as the sauces. Once we tried this, we all ordered our main course. I split the trio of meat with my husband (1/2 slab of Kobe Baby Back Ribs; Pulled BBQ Chicken and Kobe Beef Brisket). This was served with 3 sides of BBQ sauce, all of which were so great! We ordered the Mac and Cheese on the side as well as cornbread and also loved them. The Mac and Cheese is out of this world!!!!! We didn't try the St. Louis Ribs, which were recommended by the server - but I don't like my ribs with a lot of fat, so chose the Baby Back instead and really enjoyed them.  We also got a special visit from the chef of the restauran, Lee Ann Whippen. She was so nice and came to our table to talk about the restaurant concept and make sure we enjoyed our meal. Overall, we are really excited to go back. It's a great vibe and also great food. I highly recommend this restaurant for big groups, parents in town, out-of-town guests or anyone that likes barbeque.
