Late last summer, my mom, sister and I were staying at a hotel near the Hancock Tower (this was before I moved to Chicago). We were hungry and it was sort of late and we were wanting to go cheap, so we stopped by Gino's East. It was not busy at all and we were seated right away. It took forever for us to be waited on, which may have been a result of being in a huge restaurant with not enough servers. Regardless, our waiter was a total jerk from the beginning. He asked for our drink orders and we all ordered soda. He then asked if we're ready to order. My sister and I were still deciding on pizza toppings, so we told him that we'll order when we get our drinks. He scoffed and walked off. It was really weird, but he did it in this way that COULD HAVE been a bad joke....so we let it slide. My mom wasn't that hungry and decided to order a bowl of the minestrone soup. He seemed put off by the fact that she wasn't going to order more, but turned to my sister and I. My sister and I do not like deep dish pizza so we ordered a thin crust pizza with two toppings. I ordered but failed to mention that we're going to split the pizza. He turned to my sister to take her order and when she says that we're going to split it, you would have thought that we had done something to deeply offend him. He said, "...so you guys are just getting one pizza and a bowl of soup? Great." It was so sarcastic and rude. He dropped the bowl of minestrone off for my mom and...it was not minestrone. It was cream of...something. It was....disgusting. The best part was that he basically slammed the bowl down and walked off. It was so WEIRD and awkward. About forty minutes later, he dropped off our pizza (he at least didn't slam it down too). Now, we knew it was going to take a long time but we kind of thought he'd come back and refill our water or our sodas. Um, apparently not. He didn't come by in those forty minutes, not once. My sister and I ate our pizza (which was overpriced but tasted fine) and then we waited another twenty minutes for him to walk by so that we could even ask him for the bill. When he brought the bill by, he said, "I think we got off on the wrong foot so I decided to comp your minestrone." My mom, who is usually really timid and polite, said, "Good. Because it wasn't minestrone." I don't know what the guy's problem was. But seriously, if you're not good at being a server or you don't like people, do not get a job at one of the most popular tourist traps in Chicago.
