I thought that my meal at Alinea would have been the main highlight of my dining experience in Chicago, but a last minute decision to eat at Graham Elliot ended up in two visits for two different tastings within the span of four days (they changed it up for me my second time there). I was not disappointed either time! This is definitely a casual place with upscale food. You would feel comfortable showing up in shorts or jeans, but once the food hits the table, you find yourself looking over your shoulder for the maitre'd who has noticed how underdressed you are and is now bringing you a jacket and tie (no, the maitre'd never came). Yes, the music is loud, but it's a great way to shatter any notion of pretention when you've got Metric and Postal Service blasting the night away. But onto the food. You can't go wrong with the 5 course tasting. The brioche twinkie in the deconstructed caeser provides a fantastic bite as you break through the crisp, fried crust and into a warm, oozing center of marscapone cheese. The tuna sashimi, however, takes you in a whole other direction with the light, acidic notes of passionfruit barely gracing the fresh pieces of fish, and then kicked into overdrive with a spicy passionfruit sorbet laced with roasted red pepper and red fresno chili! The sweetbread hushpuppy was good, but the corn bisque was the show stopper and an absolute surprise. Who wants hot soup on a warm summer night? This guy does, if it's laced with corn nuts and chipotle adobo! The lime crema added perfect notes of acidity in addition to the spicy and crunchy bits, but nothing could compare to the huitlacoche marshmallow - an amazing blend of earthy and sweet that catches you off guard when sampled on its own, but melts beautifully into the creamy, decadent bisque and enhances the natural sweetness of the corn even more. The Alaskan halibut was really the most well executed piece of fish I have had in a very, very long time. Although I loved the earthiness of the chanterelles and the sublime smoky champagne beurre blanc below, this dish really shone in my eyes because of how well it showcased the halibut and the perfection in execution. The Hawaiian ahi was my other "sea" dish, was also nicely done, but nowhere near as transcendent as the halibut. Both the wagyu steak and grilled lamb were phenomenal. Even the fingerling potatoes were basted in the wagyu steak juices and dressed with truffle oil, making them a strong contender for my utmost affection. The lamb was simply outstanding - sous vide'd and perfectly seared, this lamb was unequivocally AS tender as the wagyu beef, and equally as delicious. You can't go wrong with either one here. And finally, dessert. The strawberry shortcake was pleasant and certainly fun with the addition of lavender gelato and a balsamic reduction, but the chocolate torte took savoury sweetness to a whole new level. There was a bold intensity to the salted caramel underlying each bite of cream cheese ice cream and dark chocolate torte. Although not an unusual concept to salt your sweets, there was just something about the way they brought out the deep richness of the chocolate that made me stop and take notice. What can I say. I still play these meals over and over again in my head. The perfectly executed proteins, the breath taking flavour profiles - very few places have caught my attention like Graham Elliot has, and I can't wait for the next time I get to go back.
