Once again, Yelp friends, you have led me to a fantastic place! My taste buds thank you! On Saturday night, after trying unsuccessfully to get into Kuma's (2 hour wait=insane=I will go back on a weekday), and after being shot down by Bleeding Heart Bakery (arrived 15 minutes after they closed -- wahhhhhh I want cupcakes), I was feeling quite low. The fiance and I really wanted to try something new, and then I remembered Cafe 28. And boy was I glad I did. We started by sipping mojitos in the bar area while waiting for our table. It was only a ten minute wait, thank goodness (by this time I REALLY needed to eat. Mojito was pretty darn good, probably one of the best I've had. Once we were seated, a bread basket was placed in front of us with an ah-mazing butter spread that was both spicy and sweet. Loved it. We ordered the ceviche to start, and were met with a huge portion of fresher than fresh seafood dressed in lime-y and tomato-y goodness, with fresh avocado and cilantro.....hands down, best ceviche on the northside. All others pale in comparison. We split the Cuban roast pork for an entree (in hopes we'd have room for dessert -- which we did). Entrees here are very large and definitely sharable, especially if you want to go crazy on the yummy appetizers. The pork was very tender and bathed in a wonderful light sauce with hints of cider vinegar and apple. The accompanying rice and beans were good, but the real winner were the fried yuccas that came along with it. A month ago, I'd never had yuccas and now I've had them twice and wondering how I ever got through life without them. For dessert we had the tres leches. This was probably the least impressive of the dishes we had, but still pretty darn good. The cake wasn't quite as moist as some tres leches I've had. Wine list is extensive. I had a Malbec with my dinner that was good. Can't remember bottle prices, but the glasses were fairly reasonable. Atmosphere is lovely, warm colors, festive Latin music, a bit loud, but still a friendly and casual vibe. Server was very friendly and attentive. Prices are excellent for the quality of food and wonderful dining experience you get in return. Between us we had 2 drinks each, one app, one entree, and one dessert and the bill was about $65 (pre tip). And we were completely stuffed. Not bad at all, I say. Go here! Get the ceviche and wash it down with a mojito.
