I haven't seen Top Chef before, so I am not as enchanted as others by the chef's personality, but Sprout received some good reviews, and I decided to give it a try. Reservations were easy and we were seated immediately. The atmosphere was a bit stale. It appeared that they were going for upscale, and it was fine (dark wood, white tablecloths, brick...) but no one seemed to really be enjoying themselves. Even the servers were a bit robotic. This place needs some personality.I came for dinner with a friend, and we both made sure to order different things so that we could try more dishes. I wasn't bothered by the cryptic menu as others have mentioned. I kind of like the element of surprise, and don't have an aversion to much. If you are a foodie, you will understand the ingredient listings, and if you don't, just ask! (Someone mentioned using their phone to decipher menu?) That's what the servers are there for.A couple problems I have is with the menu, however, are the seasonality of the ingredients. Some things showed up, like apples and kuri squash, but some is totally out of season (watermelon in November, for example.) Why not go totally with what is fresh and local? Minor detail. The other problem I had was with the non-PC choices for the menu (I know, this hippie chef should just bite my lip, but I can't help it...) Hope the sturgeon was not imported, but didn't ask. I shouldn't actually criticize, unless I really know where they source from. On the surface, though, they don't appease diners with warm, fuzzy feelings of sustainability. The major problem I had with the restaurant was in the execution of dishes. Plate presentations were great. However, it needs to be more than just pretty. The best courses were the intermezzos. There were some comments that it is not a surprise anymore, so you may want to change 'em up. The main dishes were lacking. Some items needed salt - no salt on table. (If you are going to be so cocky that you feel your seasoning skills will suit every diner, then it better be spot on.) It's just salt, not your entire spice cabinet, and there are tasteful ways of offering it.My friend ordered the foie gras (referencing above, I said my peace) and it was beautifully presented. However, the mousse-filled cannoli wasn't practical eating (you can't cut it, so do you pick it up to eat off the plate?) He mentioned the mousse needed salt. Figs and beets were a nice pair to the dish. Gruner Veltliner as a wine pairing to cut through the fat was an amateur choice, though. To their credit, though, the rest of the beverage pairings were yummy, and cocktails delicious (aviator, sazerac - loved the ras al hanout addition!)The seaweed dish had a broth poured tableside, which is a nice pho-esque touch, but it left a strange texture of a white, floaty and coagulated mixture in the bowl when combined with whatever was in there before pouring. The ricotta dumplings were delicious, but were paired with a lyonnaise-style potato? A little starch-heavy, no? I appreciated the apple dessert with the bacon, but there was a strange, heavy smoke flavor that didn't seem to come from the bacon. Did they use a smoke gun to really get the smoky thing across? The pet de nonne dessert needed some different elements. I know it was called grape but it was two grape jelly donuts and one buttermilk pudding-filled donut with a super gelatinous grape sauce and grape soda, paired with a grapey demi-sec rose. It was too much.Nice try if this is your first restaurant attempt. I appreciate your craft, and how difficult a feat it is to run a restaurant, but I'm realizing Sprout means you are young and still green (not in the environmentally-friendly meaning of the word, however.) Hope you succeed, but there are too many other places I would return to instead. Best of luck.If you are a fan of the chef, and are starstruck, he is indeed on the floor.
