I love the concept of this place. Rick Bayless wanted to create a restaurant experience for John Everyman. He evened went so far as to offer breakfast, which is generally not very profitable and which many snooty restaurants look down upon. The ingredients are local and organic for the most part even down to the pasteurized and organic eggs. And they have Goose Island Matilida beer and a Three Floyds beer as well, how cool is that? I got there kinda early only to learn that they don't serve the tortas till 11 am. So I killed some time drinking the "Ultra" hot chocolate. This is hot chocolate made with whole milk. Friggin tasty. At first the texture of the fresh ground cocoa beans was weird, but by the end i was slurping it down like I was jonesing for it all week. Even promptly at 11 am it was a 10-15 mins line to get food. Eventually, I got to order the guac and chips and Ahogada.  Guac and chips: These were good, but not phenomenal. Portion was fairly large definitely enough for 2 or 3 people. I ate it all thinking I couldn't take any to go. Ahogado: I was pretty stuffed from the chips and forced myself to eat half of the sandwich. It was pretty tasty. The torta felt comforting, reminding me of grilled cheese sandwiches in tomato soup. But instead of a grilled cheese sandwich, it was a wood oven baked carnitas sandwich. The pork was especially tasty, you could taste the quality in it thick tender shreds. I had trouble discerning the rest of the ingredients; but the sandwich came together well. Despite that, this torta didn't blow my mind. It was very good, but not "Sweet Zombie Jesus" good. I'll have to try the other sandwiches next time. I heard the Gunthrop chicken was divine. This place is a 4.5 place. Why won't stupid yelp allow 1/2 stars. It's been like forever...and everyone wants it. I'll definitely be back. I love the concept of the place and the price is right.  Tip 1: No take-out, no carry-out, but they do have to-go boxes for whatever you don't finish. Rick wanted to allow take out but his business partner thought it would cheapen the restaurant. Tip 2: Seating is limited, there are only a few tables inside. I would not go in with a party of greater than 4. And a party of 2, of course, would have the best mobility. Tip 3: Tortas after 11 am, Soups after 3 pm. Closed Sunday and Monday.
