It was my last supper in my trip to Chicago and I was able to score an early night reservation for Sunda. From what I heard - it is one of the hottest restaurants around these days! It's a very nice restaurant - beautiful design. As we were eating - the restaurant got fuller and much louder. I would not suggest this restaurant if you are looking to have a good conversation and a quiet night. We had a few dishes to share, here are some thoughts: Oxtail Pot Stickers - Being from Hawaii - we are very used to Oxtail. Our Chicago native dining companion didn't seem to have much experience but the name oxtail is pretty....interesting. It is basically a shredded braised beef (no funny tails) in the dumpling. Delicious!  Pancit Canton - Your basic Filipino pancit dish. I didn't think it was great but it wasn't bad - definitely more of a commercialized dish so I didn't feel the authenticity was all there...but that's what happens in a asian fusion-y restaurant so I expect it. No You Didn't...The Ultimate Handroll - This is usually served as a handroll but our waitress offered that we could get it as a cut roll which we did. I thought this roll was good, not great. They stuff a whole bunch of seafood in it to make it the ultimate - but I think I personally prefer more delicate and subtle flavors. And I seem to remember the red cabbage more than anything else... Crunchy Pig, Hidden Lobster Roll - A very interesting dish - a very good dish. I hardly see bacon in sushi dishes but all the ingredients in this dish worked so well together. We had a non-sushi eating companion with us who actually ate and enjoyed this roll. The tempura crumbs are good and were seasoned with a little extra something - a little extra awesome maybe. :) Lobster and Wagyu Roll - FAVORITE. I could have just ate this all night, I love raw wagyu sashimi on sushi mixed with lobster, truffle...oh my - ah-mazing. It tastes clean and fresh with wonderful flavors, definitely recommended. All in all, a great experience! So glad we had this the night before we left. Not gonna lie - it was a pretty hefty tab but it's great for group dining. Can't go wrong with good food and good service.
