It is quite interesting that I can have such a dramatic difference in experiences at a bar, when only a week has elapsed. I suppose it is fitting, though, as the Violet Hour is one of the more visually dramatic and sophisticated establishments I've ever visited. Too bad they can't consistently guarantee the same of their customers. Before I begin, I should preface this by stating that I am not pretentious (at least not to most people's faces), nor am I opposed to bending the limits of attire guidelines for entrance into a bar. But when it comes to a place which is clearly attempting to set a standard regarding overall atmosphere? Either uphold said created standard, or completely let them fall by the wayside. I understand the variables likely involved in the lowering of Violet Hour's standards...but ironically, their price points and the "aristocratic" demeanor of the employees aren't directly correlated with that dropped bar. Having said that? I knew that I would fall in love with Violet Hour from the moment I followed its construction. When I finally had a chance to visit (and I have been many times), I was instantaneously impressed with its opulent appearance. Overly-tall chairs which unabashedly elevated toward the ceiling, lush velvet curtains dividing sections and adorning corners, shades of royal blue, gold and cream...it was as if I was transported to a chamber in the Palace of Versailles. The bartenders consistently mix superb cocktails, there is quite an impressive wine list, and the food choices, while limited, match almost perfectly with the beverages. Which isn't called food, mind you--it's Sustenance. Overall, the entire staff at Violet Hour "get it." They understand the environment they have created, and ensure that their clientele are well-appointed with their chosen menu items. I never waited for a refill of anything, I never had too many empty plates competing for real estate on my table, I never wished for a single thing. Which is precisely how it should be. The main reason why I loved Violet Hour because everything was precisely how it should be. It is rare to find an establishment where the unison between initial goals and final results is almost perfected. Violet Hour was almost perfected. And then the sliding standards come in. I won't belabor this point, as doing so is borderline crass. I'll leave it at this--visit Violet Hour's website. Then take a drive by their location on a Friday or Saturday night. Observe the people waiting outside. While I understand that they cannot cater to just the well-heeled? They can certainly limit the number of crusty-heels entering their doors. Upon my last visit (a Friday night), I overheard a couple being told that they were not allowed to use their cell phones inside the seating area. Which is a fine request, one I wish more places would make. Unfortunately, however, I cannot abide by a doorman who would issue such an edict, but would then grant entrance to two women wearing ragged denim skirts with holes, beach flip flops, slightly askew blouses and disheveled hair. Without even a hint of hesitation. So my ears cannot be defiled or disturbed, but my eyes can?  I refuse to dismiss Violet Hour on the grounds of it losing its touch, mostly because I have not been able to find a comparable experience in Chicago (though The Baker House in Lake Geneva, albeit honoring a different era of history, gave me a good reason to consider making a weekly trip to WI). But my last visit to the bar was simply unacceptable. But perspectives can be incredibly subjective...so my suggestion? Go to Violet Hour on an off-night when there will be less of a wait, and a greater likelihood that the patrons inside are there due to an appreciation of the bar's overall aesthetic...and not because the bar is considered another stop on that evening's intoxication train.
