Don't let the steakhouse part of the name scare you....this place will be enjoyed by all - carnivores, seafood lovers, vegetarians, there's something for everyone on the menu. Just make sure you bring your appetite, because you will be getting allllllottt of food! My three lovely dining companions and I met up here on a cold winter Wednesday. Upon walking in I immediately loved the ambience. Low lighting, dark wood, muted colors, there was a very warm & inviting feel to the place. I had called ahead to make a reservation and was told it wasn't needed for parties of less then 6. And sure enough, true to their word, we were seated without a wait. I'm guessing on a Friday or Saturday when it's really busy you may have a small wait, but there's a decent size area in the front with a bar. And some of the drinks I saw coming out looked quite good, so a pre-dinner drink in the bar area wouldn't be the worst thing that could happen! We started with the empanada combo plate and they were good, but when is cheese and/or meat in a fried dough shell not good? For my entree I went with the Langostinos al Carbon, which is grilled shrimp in a garlic white wine marinade. Uhm - YUM! The shrimp were grilled perfectly, I could have eaten a pound of those puppies. Two of my friends went with the house recommended combo platters, one with skirt steak & calamari, the other with skirt steak & shrimp. I didn't hear a complaint out of either of them. In fact, one of them, who shall remain nameless, ended up in the clean plate club. And with the amount of food you get, that is saying something. The 4th member of our party went with one of the chicken plates and seriously, I think they serve you a whole chicken. She's pregnant so she's even eating for two, and yet when she was done eating there was enough chicken leftover for at least a couple more meals. Not that we were complaining, just giving fair warning that you get a ton. All of the dinners come with potato, yuca, and plantain. Now this is where the food slipped a little bit for me. The yuca & potato were both a little dry and just kind of blah. And I LOVE yuca. But I've always had it mashed down in a patty and deep fried, here it was served a little different and it just didn't have alot of flavor. And the potato was just half a baked potato but with no sauce or anything on it. I don't even think it had a pat of butter or salt & pepper on it. So it was just boring. The plantain was the saving grace, it was sweet & delicious. Service was great. Our server was attentive but not over bearing. Water was refilled often which always earns a star in my book. And since you can BYOB wine Mon - Thurs with no corkage fee, when the bill arrived, we all happily clinked our wine glasses (and one virgin cocktail glass for the preggo lady) and happily said a cheers to the delicious (and plentiful!) food we'd had without breaking the bank. I can't wait for my next visit since I've already planned out the other dishes I need to try. And hopefully the yuca will be improved or I may have to give them the name of a woman in the Dominican Republic who made the best yuca on the planet....she can share her recipe!
