Went today for lunch today on the first day of Restaurant Week. We arrived for our 1:30pm reservation and they promptly seated us. I liked the decor, "A" thought it was pretty standard. I ordered seafood gumbo, 6 oz petite filet and the mashed potatoes. "A" ordered seafood gumbo, 10 oz new york strip and mushrooms. The bread was all right, only slightly warmed and they gave us both white and wheat. The crust wasn't as nice and crunchy as I like and the center wasn't that nice chewy bread that I prefer. The butter was whipped. The food came out steadily and there were no long waits. The seafood gumbo was tasty enough, not something I'd normally order though. Before I mixed in the rice, I thought the soup was a bit too salty. The soup had pieces of ham, chicken and shrimp in it. The steaks came out sizzling and cooked perfectly medium rare. My petite filet was the perfect size for me and very tender. Even though it was supposedly less beefy than the New York....I thought it was fine and not that far behind on the flavor. If I wanted to take some home, I guess the 10 oz NY would be a better deal, it was far larger and only slightly firmer than the filet mignon. "A" preferred NY strip by a significant margin.  The mashed potatoes were a bit too buttery, perhaps ordering them without the pat of butter on top would be better since there is already plenty of butter in the actual mashed potatoes. "A" avoided them all together. The mushrooms were whole and they gave around 5-6? They were fairly large and I sliced each of mine into quarters. They were prepared very well. "A" ordered the sparkling pomegranate lemonade ($5). I thought it tasted all right, but definitely nothing special. The waitress asked if he wanted another one...no refills. But, when she brought the second one it seemed to be pomegranate lemonade (no sparkle) and the thing was way too sweet and tart...kinda like juice concentrate, I tried to dilute it just to drink it. I was tempted to send it back, but "A" didn't want to make a big deal out of it. The dessert was this dense chocolate mousse in a chocolate cup with 2 blueberries on top and fresh whipped cream. I nibbled at it...but it was WAY too dense, "A" thought it was too rich too. I aways thought chocolate mousse was suppose to be kinda light but nope, I had to really push my spoon into it to get a bite. It also came with this fresh berries with sweet cream. THAT was delicious. The berries were all very firm, sweet, and fresh. I thought overall the restaurant week menu for Ruth's Chris is a great bargain esp. for lunch. Oh and our server was very attentive and nice. She cracked a few jokes and was very open about the whole Restaurant Week thing, I say that since I read on some reviews on other participating restaurants that they don't treat the Restaurant Week customers as nicely. She was great. This was my second trip to a Ruth's Chris (one in SF and this one) and I wouldn't mind heading back esp for Restaurant Week.
