We're slowly checking off the list of Rick Bayless restaurants to dine in: next up, XOCO! It was a chilly Saturday morning, perfect for some Mexican street food. Atmosphere/Service: Be prepared to wait if you're dining in. Even though this is considered a "quick-service caf", plan on being here for a while. They won't take your order until there is seating available (although on the plus side, this ensures that your food is always fresh & hot). The seating is somewhat limited, and there are only a couple of outdoor seating options. However, I did like that there was a person managing the order line and seating people; this made for a faster & more efficient process. Food: While we were waiting in line, I was stressing out since there were SO many items on the menu that I wanted to order; everything sounds amazing! I finally settled on a Milanesa torta for lunch and it will be harder to order anything else next time. SO delicious! Warm bread, thin and lightly breaded crispy Gunthorp chicken, black beans (made with pork), artisan Jack cheese, pickled jalapenos and a tomatillo-avocado salsa made for a wonderful torta. I normally shy away from tortas because they can be a bit dry, but this was not the case here. I liked the side of green salsa as well, perfect for dipping my torta. Yum. The chips and guacamole was nothing to write home about, although I did like the hint of lime on the chips. For dessert, we got the order of churros (one of my main reasons for hitting up XOCO). We had finished eating for over 20 minutes and still were waiting for our churros. I'm glad we waited though as they arrived piping hot and fresh - with just the right amount of cinnamon and sugar. SO good. Best of all, I loved how all of the food ingredients were local; I like knowing where my food comes from! It's pretty neat to know that the bread I was eating was from a small suburb close to where I grew up and the chicken I was eating was raised on an organic farm. Props to XOCO for using both local and organic foods. They also have a vegetable garden on the rooftop that supplies a lot of the ingredients. Awesome. All in all, you may need to make a sacrifice on the time/service at XOCO, but the taste and quality of the food is well worth it. Can't wait to make our way back and try other items on the menu!
