I really can't believe that last night was my first time dining at Shaw's. First, I'm a HUGE seafood lover, and second, I love dining at any place that exudes that old-school-Chicago feel. So who knows what my problem's been with the whole, 'avoiding a fabulous oyster joint', since Shaw's fulfills both loves, but I finally got over it, and I'm glad I did. My normally-CTA-bound pal and I, randomly had our hands on a vehicle last night and were cruising around looking for somewhere to eat. When I said I was craving fresh seafood, he immediately thought to take me to Shaw's. My friend has lived in Chicago his whole life and has been coming to Shaw's for most of it. As we walked in, he led me to the bar, which was totally hopping, even on the Monday after Christmas Day. We were greeted by Arturo, who my friend mentioned has worked there as long as he can remember. We later found out that Arturo has, in fact, bar-tended at Shaw's for 26 years. Which explains the tasty cocktails. Shaw's martini selection is very impressive. But as I always do at a new place, I ordered a bloody mary, which is my go-to litmus test for a bartender and his/her skills. I was not disappointed. The bloody mary could have been a teeny bit more spicy, but it was rich in flavor and won bonus points for garnishes (three blue-cheese olives, lime, celery and a shrimp---BOOM.) We started with a dozen of the chef's choice oyster sampler. DELISH. I honestly can't remember each of the types, but they were all creamy. They are served with this flavored, briney-vinegary-peppery ice along with the usual horseradish and cocktail sauce. But the ice...I HAVE to figure out exactly what's in that. We each had a cup of soup. I had the Lobster Bisque and my friend the Clam Chowder, and we were each so lost in the flavors that we greedily "forgot" to offer the other one a taste, haha. For dinner we shared a caesar salad, a lobster (steamed) and the Cape Combination (Nantucket Cape Scallops, Garlic Shrimp, Crab Cake). The lobster was one of the plumpest I've ever had! Not so for the scallops. They were tasty things, but a bit on the wee side. The Combo was good, but for the price, not particularly memorable. Our meal ended with a dessert sampler, which was sent over, on the house. Don't mind if I do! A totally charming and lovely surprise. Hint: like any spendy restaurant, you should go in with the mind-frame that you're there to leisurely enjoy a meal. I say that because it was busy. And it took us a bit to get our order in and our second round of drinks. That said, we weren't in any particular hurry. We were quite content to linger between courses. Also once our food order was in, we got the food exceptionally fast. I also really liked to see the staff pull together with some stellar teamwork. Overall, it was a delightful evening, mostly because it was all so unexpected.
