Well, my boyfriend and I decided up Graham Elliot as our monthy pick of places to try and were we definitely surprised by our experience. Lets be honest I'm a sorta foodie. I like to eat things and talk about it on yelp or tell my friends whats good in different hoods. But this place is very well for lack of a better word odd.  There is definitely a level of upscale hipster pretense happening here.  The space it self is very open, clean and sleek. I honestly felt like it could have been a bit more mod or atmospheric for the type of menu and experience you are supposed to have. Getting to the menu... ummmm at first my boyfriend and I looked at eachother like maybe we were slightly retarded. However, when we were finally attended to it was explained to us how to read it. It seemed odd that our waitress assumed we would just know but basically you're doing courses or tasting. A lot of things are not very well descripted so its like putting your hand in a hat and going something kind of like this sounds ok-ish? At the end of the day we left and were not starving but definitely not full for the amount of money we spent.  The very best thing we had was our drinks. The bartender is an award winning mixologist type dealio and let me tell you it was amazing.  Maybe going into it a second time we will have a better idea on how to prepare ourselves for the meal, but sometimes you just want to dealve in to something and not just take two bits and have it be over.  Also I know most people are reading this thinking well maybe you aren't foody enough to handle this place.... and it would have been fine to have mini mini portions if I felt like what I had bit into was something like I had never had before. It was all artfully presented, but nothing to write home about. It was good but not great flavors. Nothing bold enough to stand out and make you want 5 more platefuls. Give it a whirl if you like different... but only if you have the funds. If you want to spend a lot of money just go for gold and go to a steak house or something.
