I had high hopes for this place, and was really excited when Living Social offered a coupon for them. However, I have never been more disappointed in a delivery ever. We put in a delivery order through their online website at 1:45. At 3:45 we had yet to receive our food; however, with the weather, I was not about to complain on time. No need for the delivery guy to get in an accident just for us to be fed. We ordered one of their Margarita pizzas and a Caprese salad. First, the pizza was cold. I'm not talking about pizza that cooled down during the drive, but rather cold, gross pizza. The delivery guy dropped it off, and I first was suspicious that he didn't have it in any kind of insulated bag like most pizza places. I grabbed it from him and was automatically disgusted that the box was wet. WET, like it had sat in the rain. I opened it up and it was obvious that the pizza was cold just by the way the cheese looked. So we popped the cold pizza in the oven and decided to eat the Caprese salad. The Caprese salad was supposed to come with balsamic vinaigrette dressing, but it had nothing on it. So instead it was just a few pizzas of mozzarella, a lot of spinach, a few tomatoes, and basil. Not what I was expecting or very good, and I had to add my own dressing to it. They also forgot the pita bread that's supposed to come with the salad. Now on to the wonderful service. I'm not one to complain, at all really. I'm actually very understanding when it comes to restaurants. However, I was extremely disappointed in this order, so I decided to call the restaurant. The woman first told me that they use a delivery service, so they really shouldn't be blamed for their delivery. Well, if you are going to offer crappy delivery service, don't offer delivery, period. She even went on to tell me that the pizza had been done for a while, but the delivery service took a long time to pick it up. I would think that any restaurant would try and keep their food fresh, no matter the lack of timely delivery service. Second, she told me that they weren't expecting such a large amount of customers calling for delivery. Ummm...it's Sunday, the weather is gross, there is a Bears game. What kind of restaurant is this? If there is one thing I hate the most, it is people that make excuses. Honestly, I wouldn't have minded at all if this woman would have just apologized for the food not meeting our expectations. I mean, it happens. After talking to her for 5 minutes she finally offered me 50% off my next order. Ummm no thanks. I was just giving this restaurant a try, it won't become one of my regular options. To those looking to try this place out, it might be a very good place to sit down and eat. As far as their delivery goes, don't even bother. In the end, after cooking my own pizza, it wasn't even very good.
