I really like Bin 36, because I really love cheese. I love that they have 43 cheeses, some of which change now and then, on their menu. I love that they have 40 wines to choose from. I love the atmosphere--very open and airy, chic yet comfortable. I love that the staff are so knowledgeable about wine and cheese and food pairings, and I love how they are able to ask questions that help them make recommendations for you without making you feel like an idiot. I've been to Bin 36 4 times this year, and each time have had great wine, great cheese, pretty good salads (though they could use some more imagination in the salad department), and interesting appetizers. The gougeres (parmesan cheese puffs) are made with cayenne pepper (which is not mentioned on the menu) so be prepared for them to be much spicier than you expect! The hummus is good. The cheese is served with crostini, granny smith apples, cabernet jello, and sesame crackers with fig compote. Mostly, though, I like to just eat the cheese, and then complement occasionally with those things. I want to taste the cheese in all its glory first. There are a few cheeses that have been disappointments--the one described as the world's best cheddar is the most notable disappointment, as it was your basic awful musty cardboard cheese. Anything that says "assertive" or "farmyard" or "pungent" is...an understatement--a few of those were so strong even I, who love strong cheese, could only get a bite or two down. My favorite way to "do" Bin 36 is to sit in the more casual open area, order a wine flight, and create my own cheese flight. Last night three of us created three 6-cheese flights...we were there for a while, but we loved trying half the cheeses on the menu! Maybe order a salad in the middle, then have a dessert wine at the end, maybe some creme brulee. The monkey bread dessert is also very good. But be aware that the menu--wine, cheese, food, and desserts--changes every so often, so they may not have the same things from visit to visit. The reason this is not a 5 star review is that I think the service is hit-or-miss. I've had really amazing servers who are invested in your wine experience, want you to have a good time and learn about wine and cheese, and spend time helping you have the best taste adventure. There are also servers who basically leave you to your own devices to figure it out on your own. I prefer the former type, as then I'm more likely to be adventurous and try new things, whereas if I'm left to figure it out I'm going to have the same wine flight every time, and I'm probably going to miss some great pairings. I've had one really fantastic server, one pretty good, and two mediocre over the past 9 months. I know they know their stuff, but their attitude left lots to be desired. And both times the service was mediocre, the restaurant was NOT busy--we were one of 3 or 4 tables occupied in the whole large casual section. There's no reason they couldn't have taken more time to help us out, lead us down new paths, or offer some guidance on our wine and cheese adventure.
