I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Frontera. If you're going to go, plan ahead by making a reservation or preparing to wait a while. We've had success going at 4:30 on a Friday and getting in line before they opened. We got seated a bit after 5. You can also get a cocktail while you wait. I am going to start off by saying that while the guacomole is good, you'll want to order more than one if your party has more than three people in it. My husband and I prefer my guacamole, but it was really good. I really liked the salsas. The one with habenero in it (sorry, can't remember the name and they changed the menu since we were there!) was extraordinary. You must get the Topolobampo tortilla soup. It is the only dish always on the menu, and there is a reason. It is the best tortilla soup I have ever had. It may even be the best soup I have ever had. The broth is deliciously complex; the chicken was perfectly cooked; it was just cheesy enough. Fantastic. We had five in our party, and we got a lot of variety to share around. One of us was vegan, and he was pleased with the selection and the execution. I tried the fresh corn tamales, which were a little disappointing, as were the sweet potatoes (WAY too sweet and way too much bacon). The Carne Asade is a really good choice. I loved the sweet fried plaintains and smoky black beans. Anything with beef is going to be good, but if plaintains and black beans are not part of your meal, consider getting them on the side.  Bayless is known for his sauces, particularly mole, so you can't go wrong there, either. The trios are a really good way to try a wide variety of dishes, but the portions are small, so you could share around as an appetizer or order a few sides or a salad to make a meal. My friend got a streetfood one, which isn't currently on the menu, and enjoyed it, but it was too small for her to share with everyone. The desserts are great, too. Sopa de Frutas is always good, and the fruit changes with the season (it was citrus when we were there). We also had the Tres Leches de Coco. It sounds totally weird: cake, chocolate, and mango, but it is AMAZING. The hot chocolate and coffee were great, too.
