Wow....I came for the brewery tour and I stayed for the FOOD! The tour was very educational, and I very much enjoyed going behind the scenes to see what a brewery looks like. Along the way we got to talk a bit about the batch of bourbon-barrel aged brew with cherries that they'd just opened up in the bar that day. So, once we got upstairs, that was one I tried. I don't remember the name of it, but I seem to recall it was an oatmeal stout that had been aged in the barrels with the cherries. I liked it a lot. (It had an aroma a bit like some of my own homebrewed dark meads, tho I could not actually taste the cherry.) The other one I tried was the Weegene, a small beer brewed from the second running of the Hugene imperial porter. It was strong-tasting, dark and smoky, and frankly, not to my taste, but I can tell it was well-crafted. I'm not usually a dark beer drinker, but I decided to try the Foursome Quadurpel with my meal. I was quite happy with it, which may have had something to do with the over 10% alcohol. So, on to the food! To start off, we had to try the bacon fat popcorn topped with parmesian. It was extremely yummy. Then we munched on the polenta fries with giardinera and tomato aioli. Excellent. We ordered the cheese plate, because the crackers that come with it are made from the spent grain used in the brewing process onsite. The cheese was a snow white cheddar and a baked honey-glazed cheese. (I didn't catch the name of the third type.) I liked the compote and almonds too, but since I'm not a fan of beets, I gave the beet-preserved eggs a miss. The cheese perfectly complimented the crackers and was served on a rather entertaining trencher shaped like a giant mousetrap. I was trying to balance the calories of the nice beer, so I opted for the duck comfit salad, with goat cheese, pears, spinach, pistachios in a nice citrus vinagrette. The warm duck went PERFECTLY with the pear slices and gently melted the goat cheese. I'm definitely going back some time soon!
