We were a group of three couples. Most of us were South Asians except one white woman married to one of us. We are all in our seventies and are highly successful professionals of repute.I read a review by Cynthia Y from San Francisco. She thought that a patronizing behavior of the staff was due to their young age and felt it (again, Asian thing). Here I personally felt it too at least initially. I have become good at noticing such behavior when dealt by salesmen, waiters and management in a fancy restaurants or even when shopping for an expensive car. It is as if he (mostly men do it.) thinks that I can not really afford such luxury and am being a nuisense.Cynthea V has described this feeling well and I will not repeat it.The waiters and the staff at Alinea were a little stiff, officious and acted 'properly' in the beginning. So much so, that, at one point one of us asked a waiter why are you so serious After that the things went smoothly. I wanted to see their wine list, and I was made to feel that ' unless one orders a wine from the list it was not appreciated It so happened that I own at least three Bordeaux cases in my cellar (which made me feel good) from that list. It made me feel good.We chose their own menu with wine pairing. We did this as we wanted to experience the cuisine art at work . It was an excellent experience and I will give this restaurant a 5. Each course was an experience and we enjoyed it immensely. The best part was the dessert art display and it was wonderful even if we had to wait for the master chef .Being where we are in age and worldly experience we were relaxed and enjoyed ourselves. We even made the staff have fun with us. I must say that the room we sat, was noisy; it was hard to carry on our conversation. We complained to one of the waiters about it but with no result.The entry hall to the restaurant is dark and unfriendly to an older guest, hard to see and afraid to negotiate the hall and the stairs. The bill was about $825.00 per couple and I felt it was OK.I would recommend this restaurant 'once in a life ' experience.
