My first choice for a restaurant in Greek town was Santorini but I thought I would give Greek Islands a try - the reviews here seemed to be quite positive. But I was definitely disappointed.....The valet parking was good, we were seated right away as we had reservations (they allow reservations only till 6pm) and then it took a turn for the worse - our server was this older gentleman who was quite rude and abrupt with us - He comes to get us something to drink 1 minute after we sit down - when we ask for 5 mins he looks unhappy but goes away and comes back in less than 5...We give the drink orders and he is back in 2 mins for the appetizer order. Again when we ask for time he looks unhappy and rushes again in less than 5 mins...not sure but he just wanted to rush us out... When we were deciding on what the main course should be, the one vegetarian in our group asked him for suggestions on what a vegetarian should do and he had the nerve to answer "try a different restaurant"....we were shocked speechless at the nerve of this guy... Once we ordered the appetizers, he doesn't tell us we need to order pita separately till we ask. By this time I was ready to go to the management and give them a piece of my mind... The actual food was a mixed fare - When the appetizers came, the tzatziki was great, the taramosalata was quite good albeit too salty and the saganaki was way too salty that I couldn't even finish what I was eating. When the main course came, the vegetarian moussaka my friend ordered was quite good, the lamb with pasta that another friend ordered had amazingly tender fall off the bone lamb so that was really good. My combination plate that was priced at $16 left a lot to be desired....not in taste but in portions...at most of the Greek restaurants I have eaten at, the combo plate usually has a large piece of lamb, 2 dolmades, 2 meatballs and a large piece of mousakka - this was such a tiny portion for the price - I got 1 measly dolmades, 1 meatball and a matchbox sized mousakka... Clearly I don't intend to return to this place....
