We typically avoid restaurants that are at a minimum less than a month old. However; having lived in Andersonville for 10 years you can get the food blahs from the neighborhood. Needless to say when a new eatery opens up the neighborhood flocks to it. Our original destination was to be Broadway Cellars but it was a little too chilly for the walk so Big Jones it was. We walked in at 7:30 and the host stand was empty...I was a little concerned because prior reviews stated an aloofness to people walking in. The host quickly appeared and asked us how many and sat us immediately. As others have stated we too had many a hangover breakfasts at Augies so we were taking in the changes. The server promptly came to the table asked for a drink order and told us the specials which was a soup. It did take us almost 10 minutes to receive our drinks which were a simple vodka cran and a beer. Since my back was to the bar I could not see what was happening but my partner could see that the bartender was over whelmed. I guess one of Big Jones specialties are drinks that need to be muddled...mojito, juleps not sure. They may want to consider a barback/tender that is there to only service simple drinks so that the other can concentrate on the specialties or a manager could pop back there and help her get caught up. Drinks came and we ordered the Pulled Pork Grit Cakes. You get 3 which was a good size to split between 2. I found it to be very tasty and the ingredients blended well with the sauce and slaw combination. One thing that we both questioned was the menu stated they came on a crisp grit cake and the cake was not crisp what so ever. I wasn't deterred by it but wondered if they were crispy at one point and then not?  I ordered the Tallgrass Burger and my partner had the Fried Green tomato BLT. There seemed to be a concern by the manager that we had waited to long for our meal because he came up to us and apologized for the wait, shortly afterwards he appeared with our dinners. I found my burger to be delicious as well as the mac and cheese side. My partner was not too fond of his meal but I did eat some of it and did enjoy the BLT. Had I tasted his first, I would have thrown one of those fried tomatoes on top of my burger. The Green Godess dipping sauce for the fried plenty was very good. We paid the bill and left. We were told thank you for coming as we left by our server, the host and some other gentleman standing at the door. It's nice when people recognize when leaving as I see more times the not it is a get out I have to turn the table. We will be back to Big Jones as we enjoyed ourselves. It is maybe 3 weeks old so there are still some kinks to be worked out. My recommendations are 1. If you are going to have the bus person clean the table after appetizers you should have them replace important things like silverware prior to the next course. The table next to us as well as us did have to ask for utensils. 2. With the specialty drinks you may want to cut down the wait time with an extra pair of hands. Other than that...great job and welcome to the neighborhood. Oh yeah FYI Metromix was in there last night filming so there maybe that crowd heading there soon.
