Huge servings of unique breakfast food seem to be the schtick. We had a group of nine and split up into two tables. We tried a lot of dishes. We ordered the oreo pancakes, the pretzel pancakes with white chocolate and caramel, the red velvet cakes, the chorizo omelet, the brioche french toast, the egg whites with tomatillo sauce and a couple orders of hash browns (that's what the menu called it, but they are breakfast potatoes). The oreo pancakes include one whole oreo and, it seemed at least one whole banana sliced on top. The pancakes themselves seemed to be plain under a dusting of oreo crumbs, chocolate and cream. And, they were better with their topping then without. The pancakes seemed somewhat dry and flavorless when removed from their dessert like decoration. The pretzel pancakes were filled with pretzels--really filled and covered with caramel and white chocolate. The caramel didn't have much flavor. The white chocolate was very sweet and rich but I liked the plain pancakes with the pretzels best on their own. They were crunchy, salty and seemed suitable for breakfast. I would like to order them sans topping. The french toast was the best dish we tried. The brioche is light, not greasy and very tasty and covered with caramelized pears (lots of them and in slices not chopped up) and a dusting of oatmeal. Very tasty. The sides of potatoes are tossed with herbs and were actually fairly fresh, an accomplishment with this type of potatoes which tend to sit on the back of the grill and get poorly reheated. These were good, tender red potatoes. But, I wasn't so fond of the dill on the potatoes. They serve might leaf tea which just isn't strong enough for me. The intelligentsia coffee was just okay. The egg whites with tomatillo sauce had a very slimy texture as egg whites are want to do. But the sauce was good and I liked it with the avocado and potato sides. It's served with big slices of tomato which might be a great addition when tomatoes are in season. The omelet with chorizo was fine. Overall, I would say the restaurant does what it promises: big servings of dessert like breakfasts efficiently served.
