Public was recommended to me by a couple of friends who recently moved from Chicago. I was intrigued by the idea of a new Ian Schrager hotel. They made a great suggestion. Travel Date: July 2-8, 2012 We were greeted at our car by an eager bellboy. He quickly packed the luggage cart with the aid of our Echo Limousine driver (recommended). The common spaces are lovely and well appointed. At check-in my partner and I were promptly assisted. The desk clerk noticed I had booked a smokin' hot special online for a regular queen room. When she saw the height of my partner, 6'3", she said, "let's see if we can find something a little bigger." She upgraded our room, at no additional cost, to a corner King Deluxe. We had three large windows, a full walk-in closet and plenty of room for our week long stay.  The building is two blocks from the Lake and in a beautiful Near North neighborhood. Just a few blocks south is the Rush St and Division St scene. Good nightlife, restaurants, music and cocktails. A taxi was always waiting and if you prefer public transportation the Red Line has a station at State/Division. If you like car service, UBER has fantastic coverage in the downtown area and is never more than a couple of minutes from Public. Pump Room provided a fantastic Fourth of July Dinner for 11 guests at a moment's notice. They even comped a selection of flatbreads.  Our stay was not without hiccups... We experienced Chicago's hottest July Fourth in over 100 years. This caused the satellite receivers to overheat and we lost TV reception for two partial days and one full day. Upon inquiring about the loss of signal, several options were provided, free movie tickets, free bike rentals or assistance booking other entertainment, spa services & tours. Our shower head had a leak that sprayed water backwards directly on the wall and ceiling. It didn't bother me but I figured I'd let them know to avoid future damage to the walls. They sent a repairman after we left the room for the day and when we returned we had a voice-mail from guest services notifying us of the repair and apologizing for the (nonexistent) inconvenience.  Everyone we encountered was fantastic; great service in Pump Room, fantastic mixologists in both bars, quick room service and helpful guest relations.  The only thing missing is a day spa, of course I knew this when I booked the room. They partner with a place just down the street but I feel that a Hotel of this caliber should have an in-house facility. I will gladly stay here again.
