Wow I was just reading a review for this place and the guys said the food at other local establishments such as lou's, Picante, and Smoke Daddy are just as good. Buddy, they are a completely different class. A Ford Escort will get you from point a to point b but riding in the Beamer is a much different experience. Are you picking up what I am putting down here? Smelling what I am cooking? You get the point. Schwa is entirely it's own experience. I have called about 5 times since May trying to get reservations. I finally got them for January 7th. I was so stoked as it was a birthday "surprise" because she had wanted to go there for a long time. Then my phone rang on the 7th. Shit, their flue broke and they have to cancel the told me. Ahh but all of the birthday dreams were shattered. Ahh, but they were more than happy to reschedule us for last night. The place's curb appeal leaves alot to the imagination. Just a black sign with simple white writing that says schwa. Grafitti on the door. Absolutly perfect. When you walk in the place is little, simple and absolutly perfect with the rap/hip hop playing. There are a bunch of guys in the back cooking. They gave us our seat and apologized several times for cancelling. They were extremely attentive the whole time and I never ran out of wine or water or food! Our menu is as follows. 1. amuse (oyster shooter): I was a little confused as to what to do with this so I swallowed the oyster whole. I asked if I was supposed to chew or just swallow. He said whatever you want I am not here to tell you how to eat your food. 2.Beet Risotto: Beautiful presentation but tasted even better. A bright red dish. 3. apple pie soup (savory): This was one of the most amazing things I have ever had in my life. It was thick and rich and oh so delicous. 4. crab (peekytoe crab w/ pine, mushroom, caramelized plantain): Wow. Wow. that is all i have to say. 5. maki (with green curry, rootbear, and awesome little fried roe on top): Not usually a fan of roe. but I ate it and it was good.good blend of fresh and fried. 6. quail egg ravioli,: One bite and it basically melt in your mouth. Then you find yourself sucking butter up with a spoon. 7. pork: some of the best pork that I have ever had. So tender and juicy. 8. kona kampachi: Amazing. They had a carmelized something to go with it that gave the soft fish a great sweet crunch 9. a cheese puff, a celery-based cake with white chocolate side: I hate celery and this was one of the best things I have ever tried. The entire experience here was my probably my favorite ever. I have a feeling some friends and I will have something to celebrate come summer. I can't wait till we can make it back ;)
