Can you say fish, more fish and fish on top of that! OMG, there must be a shortage of places where one can get their fish fix, these Shed leftovers. Too many options, a lot of that fish must go bad and a greater probability that it isn't fresh. Don't tell me that they cheat and freeze their fish, how could they? If an item is popular, virtual gaurantee that it is fresh or they are out of it. The latter happens often.   Who in their right mind goes to a yuppified diner to get cereal? Hey, let me get an overpriced bowl of cereal instead of buying an unopened whole box at the store. All you can eat cereal, now that says a lot about the remainder of the breakfast selection. Wow, such variety, all these cereals, what a concept, not. What are the chances of something crawling around the restaurant getting into one of those boxes of cereal? Can you call yourself a diner with over 20 small square tables, massive chalk boards and maybe 6 stools? It feels more like being back in school than in a diner. Teacher, could I have a fresh bowl of fish cereal? C'mon having all this cereal and selling a limited amount of pub food is supposed to be an authentication in being a diner. Hello, many quality breakfast places don't put themselves in the diner catagory, M. Henry, Ann Sathers. This place proves what you have to do in attracting the numbskulls from the neighborhood, call it a diner, that's in. They are educated, have money to burn, lack a certain aspect of sophistication and rather chow down and waste more money at their damn little rib fest than eat a decent steak at Morton's. You can't be classy, a little more elegant in the Ravenswood neighborhood. Hmm, didn't Zephyr's do the same thing, but without any big expectations. If you want to go to a real diner, go to Jerry's on Montrose and Western or a little further west, West River Cafe on Kedzie. Probably beneath most of those that frequent Glenn's. In the meantime, keep on fooling yourself that Glenn's is a diner and enjoy the food. True, some of the things are really good, most things are expected to be good or better considering the price. Don't expect typical diner prices! When you finally do get over to Glenn's, save some room in that psuedo sophisticated little tummy of yours for Margie's Candies Duo across the street and on the other side of the tracks.
