Been wanting to go here since it opened up, but just didn't have time. Went there a few months ago, had a fantastic hearty meal, then went back again to check off more items off the tasty menu. The first time I went, it was a weekday night and we probably waited 30-40 minutes. Hey that's not as bad as the pictures of the line going out the door and around the corner. We got the chips and guacamole to start off. Chips are served right after they're fried and the guac is creamy & fresh. Good start so far. I got the Pepito, which is braised tallgrass shortribs, caramelized onion, artisan Jack cheese, black beans, pickled jalapenos, and she got the Woodland Mushroom. I must admit, flavorwise, the Woodland had my Pepito beat, like Mr. Bean at a staring contest. I don't even know what that means. Wood-roasted garlic mushrooms, local fresh goat cheese, black beans, wild arugula, 3-chile salsa... tastes even better than it sounds. Back to my Pepito. The meat was tender, the bread was warm and crunchy, and the jalapeno puree dipping sauce was really good. For desert, I ordered the homemade mexican vanilla soft serve topped with a maple-pecan-bacon-streusel with salted caramel sauce. It was like an explosion of a million flavors in my mouth. Yes, I like bacon a lot. She got the hot chocolate, not sure which kind. It almost had the consistency of a melting chocolate frosty from Wendys. It was that thick and tasted of rich cocoa, which they freshly grind. It was more bittersweet than milk chocolate sweet, but it was still really good. I've also tried the Ahogada, which is basically a sandwich in a spicy soup. Golden pork carnitas, black beans, tomato broth, spicy arbol chile sauce, pickled onions, in between the awesome bread, like all the other tortas and cooked in a wood burning brick oven. It's served pointing out of the the spicy sauce like the leaning tower. Mild had a good kick to it, but my friend got hot and looked like he was getting choked out by Chuck Norris. The churro afterwards was a good way to cool off. Made to order churros, served hot drenched in cinnamon sugar. I've written this entire review while waiting in line at Xoco. Just kidding. No i'm not.
