OK, some of my review start out like this...ARE YOU KIDDING ME?? and this one is one of those for sure! I went to Zed451 tonight based upon a recommendation from a colleague. I had a former client with me who was looking to host a corporate event for 150 people with a budget of 80K in November. We went into Zed451 tonight and asked to see the space for 150 people for a buy out of certain spaces. For any professional person this should have been a clue to at least be on your best behavior. The manager on duty did a great job of showing us the space and WE LOVED IT! We looked at Trump, Martini Park, HOB, etc., and we really liked this space for its unique design and cozy decor. Next, we had to try the food. The manager asked us if we prefer ed the bar of the dining room. Being that the dining room was all a fixed menu (much like the former spot brazzaz) we opted for the bar.  Once we got to the bar, we were shocked by how utterly stupid the bar staff was. One chubby and less cute bartender seemed to know her ABC's but the skinny, fake boob bartender clearly still had to count on her fingers. Here is how bad it was....on the bar menu there are THREE ITEMS, WE ASKED FOR A DESCRIPTION and she could not produce ONE ANSWER! NOT ONE.  I wanted to know more about the cheese plate and the butcher block (and trust me, neither one is complicated) she was not just clueless, she told me one was meat and the other was cheese. When I asked what kind, she said, "it changes" and then smiled at me as if that was acceptable. I made her go get someone who could speak in full sentences. We ordered the wine flight and both the cheeses and the meat. Both girls behind the bar were very smiley and polite, I must give them that. The wine list is OK, don't let that giant wine room in front with the burning candle fool you, it is not a top caliber wine list. And, I dare you to ask them what the candle is for, I guarantee NOT ONE person will be able to answer.  As the night went on, and it was getting late, the wait staff started to drift into the bar area and sit at the bar to do their homework. The guys sitting next to me were clearly employed by the restaurant as was the guy sitting 2 seats away. The bartenders completely ignored us, completely, and continued LONG AND DRAWN OUT conversations with their co-workers. The guys on my left, in suits, were either district managers or something of the like, they should be fired. The server doing his homework in the lounge, fired. The two bartenders who completely ignored everyone in the bar all night long and spoke to their co-workers, they will likely starve due to NO tips because they're not working and that bar will make NO money. I had to flag down a server to order a second drink. I have to say that unless this place pulls their act together, they will shut down just like the last spot did. The staff is from Iowa and belongs in Iowa. HERE IS THE WORST PART....so when our bill was presented, it was for $22.00 which we knew was wrong. We asked, "is this our bill" and the answer came to us by a third party, he had never waited on us until our check arrived, he said, "yes." We knew this bill was incorrect but we also knew that the bartenders had been ignoring us for 30 minutes and we could even get their attention to pay the bill. After presenting us with a check for $22 (which we knew was wrong) they charged our card and presented a receipt for $57.00. I flipped out.  The correct way to handle such a debacle on your behalf is to approach the person and apologize for your mistake, accept responsibility and let them know that they owe more - which we already did know. But instead, they pulled the bait and switch. When I questioned big boobie girl, she said, "in our defense, we are dumb and we don't care." OK...she didn't say that, but she may as well have.
