I had to give it one star, because I can't figure out how to give it zero. I wish I'd had the great experience these other diners had. This is the second restaurant I have walked out of in my life, and I've been eating out in fine and casual restaurants all over the world 2-3 times a week for 20 years. I communicated to the restaurant 4 (four, cuatro) times that my husband didn't eat pork or shellfish and that I had NO restrictions. Yet for the second scallop course I was served tofu, just like him. I'd like my scallop, please. Then for the third course (which arrived one hour and ten minutes after the second course, even though the table next to us was getting served regularly) I got a square inch of crab and spaetzle and carrots, and he got spaetzle and carrots with the little square of crab missing. This is a fine restaurant's idea of accommodating a diner's food restrictions? I told the waiter that the wait was far too long, and that what they served my husband was unacceptable, given that they had ample and frequent notice. I added, in an annoyed but calm tone, but NOT a raised voice, This is bullshit. Our waiter, who was pleasant enough, but with a decidedly casual air (lot's of how're you doin' and how's it going over here) said sorry, the kitchen is slammed. Then the most unbelievable part of the evening occurs. The manager comes over, and lectures me that my use of profanity is not acceptable. Apparently I outraged my sensitive waiter's sensibilites by using the word bullshit. I deserve to be thrown out had I yelled at him, raised my voice, broken dishes or made personal comments. But after mediocre food and fourth-rate service, saying in an even tone This is bullshit prompts the manager to come over and start lecturing a diner on etiquette, well, I'm at a loss for words.Thanks, Bonsoiree for ruining a Friday evening, thank you for an utterly mediocre meal (or half of it) and thank you for an absolutely ridiculous reaction to someone who had the audacity to comment on the awful experience. Thank God this is Chicago and there are 100,000 better choices to dine at.For e.g. Schwa, where I have dined frequently- chef has not only accommodated everyone's restrictions with fabulous alternatives, but even made sure I wasn't served the same dishes when one time I ate there twice in a fortnight- and that was without my even asking for that consideration! Now THAT'S SERVICE!!! Michael's people don't fawn over you, but they make sure you are appreciated and taken care of.
