Let me open this review by saying- Quite honestly, I have eaten here probably more than 20 times. Out of all those times I've dined here, there have been 2 times that were simply horrible... not bad... HORRIBLE. One of them was today. (feel free to skip actual details and F-FWD to the bottom bits) I've had the Dry Chili Chicken more times than I am willing to admit, and usually it is simply magnificent chicken bits crisply fried into a frenzy of heated spice with ginger and garlic riding shotgun into a forehead sweating terror of joy and bliss- but today it was the most rubbery fatty oozing with greasy and undercooked-ness I could have imagined. Mongolian beef - Ok, I agree, this is a somewhat normal pedestrian dish, but usually, these 'normal' dishes are simply amazing versions of what you get elsewhere - today, the dish was literally sitting in more oil than is in my car's engine. The entire dish was quite literally underwater in oil.. not sauce/juice- OIL. Needless to say, every attempt to keep this oil at bay was impossible, and every bite was indeed a cascade of luke-warm sesame oil. The oil run-off from this dish would be enough to power a bio-diesel school bus for a month. I won't even bother to continue to list the dishes we ordered, and didn't eat. I feel it necessary to add that, over the several years I've been dining here, it is incredibly rare that any of the waitstaff has been able to answer even the most banal of queries. I can understand that in a start-up type situation, somewhat untrained or un-fluent english speaking is fairly par for the course, I can let it slide for a while. But at this point in time, we are years into this place, and it is very hit-or-miss on having any question you have, answered correctly or with any actual accurate detail whatsoever. Whoops, my bad for expecting something a little more than a smile and a nod, possibly with with the occasional 'its spicy' tossed in to mix it up. I'm simply tired of making excuses for this place when I bring question-bearing out-of-towners in for amazing food. And frankly, I can totally deal with the lack of fluency in english-language skills, but when I am trying to speak with the waitstaff to let them know of my dissatisfaction, and they nod and smile and walk away mid-sentence.. well I can no longer make excuses to rationalize this situation away. IN SHORT- Consistency is the key to success in my opinion. Why should I afford unskillfully or carelessly prepared food an excuse of 'a off day'. Consistency is KING. 'Off-days' are the mating-call of the mediocre. Exceptional restaurants don't have off-days... I really wanted to say Lao Sze Chuan was exceptional, but I can't.
