Admittedly, I am picky when when it comes to food in this price range, but there were just too many obvious things wrong with our meal that should have been corrected. The chef(s) were constantly in the dining room, delivering food to the tables. While some might see this as a friendly gesture, we thought it was a sign that not enough attention was being given to our food. Or maybe they were understaffed that evening. Our 1st courses were the shrimp, the licorice, and the seaweed. The shrimp appeared on a brandade which was tragically lacking in seasoning. It was in fact the worst brandade I have had and a harbinger of the seasoning judgement that followed. The licorice salad was creative in concept but eating the whole thing, plated like a catered rehearsal dinner salad, left a juicy-fruit gum aftertaste - cloying. The seaweed broth was very good and matched well with the mussels that bathed in it, but the salmon and sirloin were unnecessary and should have been left out. A mussels dish with the broth would have been outstanding. 2nd courses were venison, octopus, duck. The venison was coated pell-mell in crunchy crushed black peppercorns and little or no salt. It was just bad and slightly over-cooked. The four meager little bumpy pieces sat on a pile of smashed chestnuts that tasted very good but the texture was lumpy and pasty. The garnish of undercooked or uncooked, I'm not sure, parsnips was surprisingly tasty and beautifully plated. Huckleberry sauce was bland, under-seasoned again. The duck breast was slightly overcooked but the garnish was delicious as was the confit-like bits of duck meat that accompanied the dish. The star of the evening was the octopus -- succulent and tasty in the thai style broth. There were two intermezzi: a small flight of butternut squash soup which was truly horrible, and a grilled cheese flight of fancy that was oozing grease or butter. Since the entree portions were on the slim side, the heaviness of the salty cheesy thing made up for both the lack of substance and salt in the previous courses, not a good thing and perhaps even deliberate.  Desserts were balls-out on the creative scale and we enjoyed them for their weirdness more than anything, even if there was more bacon than a lumberjack could eat for breakfast in the apple root beer crepe. The rubbery chunks of lardons had us all planning to save portions of other desserts so that wouldn't be our final taste/texture of the meal. When you celebrate a grape jelly donut at a $65 per person meal, you know something was wrong.
