I thought this place was good. Would I wait for 45 minute again to eat there? Probably not. I went here last Saturday afternoon with my sister. Yes, the wait is long (we were told it would be 30-45 minutes just to order our food) so be prepared. Once you order at the front register, which is where the line leads you to, you are seated in the dining area where you'll wait 5-10 minutes for your food. I read from other Yelpers that the limeade drink was good so I had to get that. Caveat: it is SO darn sweet! Too sweet! I could only drink a 1/4 of it but maybe that's b/c I'm not a soft-drink drinker. I'm glad they at least had sparkling water on tap at the self-serve water station. I had to get a glass of that to wash down the sweetness of my drink. I had a feeling that the guacamole would be great so I had to order that. And it was! It tasted so fresh, creamy, and rich. I like that they served up a small portion of that alongside two smaller portions of a red salsa (a bit spicy) and a green salsa (more on the mild side). Also, the chips, they were delish! It was obvious that they were house-made. They had the perfect crispiness to them and the coarse salt on them complemented the chip perfectly. I liked that the portion sizes of the chips, salsas, and guacamole were small. It was perfect for someone like me who typically gorges on them leaving not much room for the meal once it arrives. Not the case this time, thank goodness! Now onto the entree... I ordered the Chicken Tinga torta. The ingredients tasted so fresh and the torta bread was incredible. It was cripsy on the outside and soft and warm on the inside. It kinda reminded me more of a baguette than a torta bread roll. Overall I'd say this sandwich was good but not incredible enough to have me wait in a 45 minute line. My sister ordered the Woodland Mushroom torta. I thought the goat cheese was a nice compliment to it. I thought it was good. She thought it was ok. For dessert we got the "must have" Churros with a side of chocolate sauce. These were incredible! I could have ate a dozen of them! The wait staff, especially the hostess, were friendly and helpful. Overall I felt that the appetizer and dessert were the best thing on the menu. Although everything was good or great I doubt I'd return only b/c of the long wait. I didn't deem it worth it.
