Prior to dinning at Alinea I imagined that any miss in quality would be surpassed by the elegance of the remainder. I was wrong. In short: Alinea's quality to price ratio just doesn't stand up but it is still extremely intriguing. Fun: yes; interesting: yes; worth it:...sadly, no; would I go back: ...more upsetting, yes. Note: I indicate some dishes here but am purposefully vague on most as I feel it is best to go into Alinea blind. Before going further, know that I was slighted early on when, four courses in, the server forgot to serve me. Yes. That's correct. After serving the other members of our party, the server left the table. Having heard about the service, I couldn't believe the misstep and assumed he was retreating to bring my course. Everyone at my table (3 others in total) were aghast and finally caught the eye of the main host who served me the dregs of the dish that had served the rest. There was no apology or much indication at all. The only indication, was a shrug of "it happens" by the server. So, understand that a bias existed early on. We did the tour and there were huge successes. The course I was slighted on being a major one: a pork belly dish that I could eat daily for a year or life. Also two "soups", one of Duck with morels and foie gras, and another of green garbanzo and mint (served with a fork full of entirely passable octopus). The Black Truffle explosion was fantastic. However, there were some misses that seemed to be correlated with the presentation. One being a venison course served very elaborately. Another was the final course, a chocolate and menthol "dish" served table side by none other then chef Grant Achatz. The menthol was intriguing but the chocolate missed the mark. The texture seemed to be lost to the presentation. I was surprised to find courses at Alinea limited to and occasionally negatively affected by the presentation. Two more courses along this line were a sugar cane dish and a three part lobster dish. The former was simply forgettable. The latter started off incredibly but went into absurdly average with bits of lobster that would have been forgettable except for the fact that I remember not liking the taste, and ended with a bisque that was interesting but perhaps too briny (one of our party was a vegetarian and everyone agreed that her bisque was much better than ours). Since there was a vegetarian in our group I should mention that Alinea typically rises to the occasion. I tasted some of the vegetarian dishes and they played with the same ideas as the regular tour. In some cases they were a step above (bisque mentioned previously). However, there were big misses as well, such as the duck and foie gras soup that was done, for her, with mushrooms and left her very much wanting. Everyone did a wine pairing and I upgraded to the reserve pairing. The wines overall were superb, especially a Ripasso served late in the meal and an interesting white which had been pressed with the skins (Radikon Oslavje 2004). Of note is that a lot of the wines were a bit sweet to pair with the courses - overall the courses being served currently tend towards sweet. I was happy to have paid for the reserve pairing as the wines which I "avoided" were a bit more acidic then I would have liked. I was happy right until the last wine poured: a 1976 tawny port. I don't typically drink 30+ year old port but I have had 30 year old port and I have loved the intense complicated flavor that comes from an aged vintage port. This was not such a port. It tasted like sherry with a slightly nutty aftertaste if one works past the extremely overpowering taste of alcohol. I was shocked but I was also helping finish off other desert wines and found great joy in a late harvest zinfandel from Dashe. So I set the port aside and tried to forget it. In the end I couldn't and commented to the main host who had been accommodating and entertaining other than the pork belly fiasco. The response was a polite indication that I was simply wrong. I wasn't asking for anything. I had already paid. If I was looking for anything it was a discussion of why I thought the port was off towards alcohol from any other aged port I have had. But I got nothing in return. I still feel that I need to justify 3 out of 5 stars. It simply comes down to the quality to price ratio. Two comparable restaurants that I have eaten are Minibar in DC and Don Alfonso 1890 in Sorrento, Italy. I had no problems at Minibar and the food and wine never missed as much as at Alinea (not mention the cost). At Don Alfonso, a fly landed in my wine glass. It was not their fault at all but they quickly whisked away my wine glass and provided me with a free dessert wine to compensate the lost glass of wine. Compare these two experiences to Alinea where they forgot to serve me a dish and did nothing, poured a glass of port that I won't soon forget, and had misses that seemed to only benefit the presentation. But yes, sadly, I would try again.
