Wine and swine. Seriously? It was divine. Could it get any better than that? I don't think so. I had been jonesin to go to PP for quite some time considering it is LITERALLY right across the street from my work. Better late than never, I suppose. Last night, I finally had the chance to check it out after work for some happy hour refreshments and noshes. The food was AH-MAZING and receives 5 stars alone for that. The service on the otherhand was definitely not, therefore, I was forced to scale it back to 4 stars overall. Elvis, my server, was not friendly at all. My friend and I seemed to be bothering him with our questions about wine and recommendations. And, God forbid I ask for a taste of a wine before committing to a quartino, half or full bottle. It's not like I was asking him for his kidney, just a taste of the rose or whatever. But, this has not deterred me from returning. Oh hell no! I have a feeling I will be a swine junkie this summer. The quaint and cute patio offers seclusion from the bustling Mich Ave crowd, but also allows for prime people watching. Plus, the food and expansive wine list were top-notch and offered a little bit of everything from select artisan cheeses (from Pastoral), charcuterie, small plates and even vegetarian options, now that's a great menu Jimmy Bannos. I was schooled on some of the faves from friends who have had the chance to dine here and went with some of their suggestions: - Chorizo stuffed olives - Mortadella, Balsamico & Pistachio - Prosciutto Bread Balls We decided to focus most of our efforts into the wine and not so much the swine this dining experience. It was a hot and humid day and we were looking for some liquid refreshment. My dining companion Lisa S and I tried the Domaine Skouras Moscofilero and the Italian Moscato. Both were cool, refreshing and totally hit the spot. The prices are on-par with other gastro pub places and I felt like I walked out a little bubbly and pleasantly full-- not stuffed like a pig. Purple Pig you better be kind to me next time, because I KNOW that the piggie will be calling my name for a follow-up appointment with you soon!
