Why do places like Sabatino's exist, despite their almost hidden locale? Well, for starters, offering to take a date to a fine Italian restaurant and then asking if she likes Olive Garden over Buca de Beppo is like proposing to your girlfriend and then offering to pick her up a nice ring at Target. Secondly, Sabatino's serves up solid, traditional American Italian fare with zero pretension and the type of class not seen since the Truman Administration. They know what they do, and they do it right. From strolling violinists who can perform the entire Sinatra catalogue to hustling bus boys and solid cuisine, Sabatino's has their niche cornered. I've been here quite a few times, and recommend it to anyone looking for some great Italian food. The moment you walk in, it's like stumbling into some Mob hangout off the Jersey Turnpike, complete with a cigar chomping clientele at the bar and a piano player with a brandy snifter half filled with tips. As you make your way through the people, you feel as if you're part of a Scorsese-esque single camera shot (think the scene in Goodfella's where they are meandering through the back kitchen to front hall in front of the band), only to be led into a dining area with perfect lighting, seamless conversation, and the smells of a Tuscan market. You are promptly seated, given water, fresh baked bread, and a plate full of focaccia topped with marinara, mozzarella, and a chiffonade of basil. Pair all that with a bottle of olive oil and freshly grated parmesan-reggiano, and you're already feeling like a million bucks before you look at the menu. Their chicken parmesan is quite good, and the standard, but the chicken in their own meuniere sauce is extremely tasty and a lighter alternative to the beastly red sauce--and I mean that in the most complimentary of ways. All the meals come with a bounty of sides, such as their excellent soups, and a plate of a sweetened mostaccioli (a nice contrast to their heavier marinara that they use on the main courses). Their gnocchi is good, as well as their manicotti, with the latter being extra rich due to their heavy use of ricotta, which isn't a bad thing if you ask me. An old stand-by of mine is their filet, which is perfectly seasoned with a bit of garlic, salt, pepper, and seared in olive oil. Get that bad oscar rare, and if you order it well done, do yourself a favor and just go to Arby's. It'll save you $30. If you still have any room in your stomach, their cannoli is absolutely perfect, if not insanely decadent. The pistachio shavings that come atop it sound off-putting, but at first bite, you'll know why it's authentic. And the best part of the whole meal? Well, aside from their behemoth goblets of wine, is the price. It's so easy to look like a Big Shot here while not spending an arm and a leg. With fair prices, great food, and an amazing atmosphere, skip the splitting of Chef Boyardee with your lady and do the night up right.
