Ok, here's the deal with the Green Mill: It's a great place to go and catch some great jazz. Music there is always top notch, but be aware of what kind of jazz group is playing that night. Jazz is a HUGE spectrum, and I love almost all of it, but when you get into the "free jazz" style, I lose interest (look up Ornette Coleman or Cecil Taylor on You Tube for examples). The Green Mill has a lot of charm. The interior is all original from the early 20th century (I think it was first opened sometime in the 1910s). The dim lighting adds to it and makes you feel like you're back in the 1920s. Be aware that the only credit card they accept is American Express. This place is for people who really enjoy jazz or really want to get an idea of what jazz is. It is NOT for people who simply come with the intention of having drinks and being loud with the music merely being in the background. Jazz is an acoustic music for the most part, and any electric instruments used are not to be played loud and drowning out the rhythm section. This place is first and foremost about the music. That is their main focus. If one or two groups get loud they drown out the music and then the people that want to listen can't enjoy it. It's not a dance club and it's not a bar with rock bands with their amps cranked way up and a drummer hitting away as hard as he can. In places like that the music is so loud that it basically drowns out any talking, so anybody can still hear the music and talk. That doesn't apply here and people need to realize that. I love going on Thursdays for the big band, and if anything, come that night if you want to be able to talk because the band is loud enough to the point where talking will not keep anyone from hearing the music. However, there are also awesome bands like Chuchito Valdes' Afro-Cuban Jazz Ensemble, which plays some killer Latin jazz. These guys are SERIOUSLY talented musicians. Anybody who calls the music at this place "Disney jazz" is simply a complete moron. Another thing to keep in mind is that the cover charge on Mon - Thurs is $6 and the one for Fridays and Saturdays is usually between $10 - $15 (usually it's $12 the vast majority of the time). These are top quality jazz bands and I have no problem with the weekend cover charge for the caliber of musicians I get to see. I don't see how people can complain about paying 12 bucks to see a top quality jazz band, yet they have no problem going to some dance club and paying $20 to sit there listening to the same pop songs that are on the radio 24/7 playing over the speakers. I'm sure if you read the reviews you'll see a recurring theme here: 1. Serious music fans love this place. 2. People who come here to just have drinks and talk - with the music being thought of as background noise - hate it.
