BEST meal i have ever eaten in my life. Not only is each dish presented in a unique & beautiful way, turning food into art, but each dish tastes as good as it looks! Not a single dish was disappointing. 5 stars to each and EVERY dish...only downside is that most of the courses are literally ONE bite. So after eating that bite, you wish you had more to enjoy, but that's it....just ONE bite. The meal is 22 courses, but you won't feel stuffed when you leave due to size of course. We went in a group of 6 (max # they will take)..and the experience lasted 4 hours. There are 2 sizes for wine pairings you can add ($160 additional, or $100 additional for 2/3 the pour of each wine). It's too bad they don't have a non-alcoholic pairing. They had this cranberry/pomegranate juice mix that was delicious...a little fizzy, a bit tart, but mostly sweet. This is the first restaurant I have been to without a sign! I guess it's so well known that it doesn't need any more attention than it already has...so don't be surprised if you drive by a regular looking building. Only sign with the restaurant name is the valet sign.  Reservation process: On the 1st of each month, phone lines open for booking 2 months later. You will have to call and hang up repeatedly until you get through...and when you do, you'll be put on hold. But..it's WORTH IT. Regarding the meal (see pics for each course): No bread, no amuse busche. Just start off with the first course and finish through. Favorites: Mussel, razor clam, hot potato/cold potato, black truffle explosion, & yuba. Some of the dishes are very playful...as in you "play with your food." Others are displayed in a unique way, such as "antennae," where the yellowtail snapper is hanging from a wire & you eat it without using hands. "Lemongrass" looks like a mini-fishtank, or what reviews call food in a test-tube. The ends are sealed with a jelly/ dragonfruit so the contents don't spill out. You suck on it like a straw and everything (mostly liquid contents) fall into your mouth. Lastly, there is a dessert finale where they plate the whole thing on your table (lined w/ silicon sheet). Pay attention to the WHITE liquid! Small detail you might miss if you aren't observant. When they put this liquid on the table, it forms SQUARES, not circles like most liquids do!! Super cool! The chocolate mousse dipped in liquid nitrogen tastes better when it melts a little b/c it is similar to chocolate ice cream; in the beginning, it has more of a "dry" crunch taste. It's also cool to watch them turn the banana cream liquid into creme brulee right in front of you. DO NOT READ ON IF YOU DON'T WANT SURPRISE SPOILERS regarding playing with food. When we first sat down, our waiter brought us what he called "centerpieces." Looked like a little baby garden grown on a rock with soil. He told us it was for decoration...and not to eat or touch it. Later, this centerpiece actually became our salad! (They bring you a baby pair of scissors & u cut your own greens and place it in the bowl of dressing & tomatoes...which we originally thought was a soup). I loved the element of surprise. There is another dish (short rib) where you have to assemble the plate and add the ingredients to make your own giant ravioli. (DO NOT ADD TOO MUCH SALT...i mistakenly added all of each ingredient..which is fine..but don't add all of the salt). There is a dish called hot potato/cold potato, where there is a pin that holds a fried hot potato ball on it among other things...you pull the pin down and out, and the hot contents fall into the cold potato soup below it and you take the whole thing like a shot so you have the sensation of both temperatures in your mouth. Very cool. Lastly, there's a dessert dish where there are different colored cubes which represent different flavors. You get to choose, mix & match the cubes, to blend the flavors in your mouth. Choose wisely, b/c not all combinations go well together..haha. After reading this, I might have ruined the surprises, but it'll still be very fun.  Loved Alinea, loved the food, the service, the art, everything. Will definitely return one day.
