From the outside, this bar & restaurant is very understated. Besides the garden growing on the roof and the sign on the side, there's not much that draws the eye in. But once you know of the deliciousness that comes on plates and in glasses, you'll be hooked. The bar and restaurant is a warm, welcoming place once you enjoy their free parking lot. With a long and ornate bar and friendly bartenders, it's a great place to grab a quick bite and drink if you don't plan on staying long. If you're meeting up with friends, I recommend the couch area by the fireplace - comfy, cozy, and a wonderful place to catch up over their spiked coffee offerings. The table seating is comfortable and relaxed, so you don't feel crowded. The only downsides I have about the restaurant is if you're looking for a place to talk with your other guests, make sure there isn't a band playing otherwise you'll be struggling to hear one another... and unless you're a fan of kids, Sunday mornings pack the restaurant with moms and their children-filled strollers. But both of those circumstances are all about timing, and even then, a treetini can make up for anything. The drinks here are outstanding, and if there's something you want and isn't on the menu, the staff is very accommodating. But before you wander off the printed page, I highly recommend the Clove Old-Fashioned and the Uncommon Manhattan, both drinks that will disappear faster than you'd like and go down smooth. If you need a bit of a pick-me-up, try the Devil and Robert Johnson or Neal Cassady's Coffee, both spiked coffee drinks that will get you moving and in a great mood. The only thing better than the drinks is the food. I'm a pretty picky mac & cheese eater, and theirs is one of the best. Always creamy with just the right amount of breadcrumbs on top, and the apple slaw is the perfect complement to the cheese combination. The Bacon Wrapped Meatloaf makes me kick my mom's to the curb, and the Sunshine salad may seem light, but its deceivingly filling. If you head here for brunch, the Brioche French toast is worth getting out of bed early. I've gone to this location many times, and it never disappoints.
