I have good friends.  Well, one in particular who has been raving about Piccolo Sogno for months. She is a regular there, and decided to share this lovely secret with me. We decided to make a date of it and went on a Wednesday night. To my surprise, the place was pretty busy, but not too loud (which is a huge thing for me). We sat in the room separate from the main dining room, and made ourselves comfy at our intimate two-top table. After settling in for a couple of minutes we quickly ordered a delicious bottle of wine. Our server Frederico (?) was absolutely lovely and attentive. He was super friendly, and completely honest. The wine list is huge, and when we asked him his opinion of a wine, he didn't hesitate to say that he was unfamiliar with it. This is a response I prefer over a BS answer.  So far so good, but it just gets better. We ordered the Insalata di Pere, Sformato di Zucca as appetizers, and my friend and I shared the special Raviolini di Mascarpone, and the Rosticciana. Can you say "Mmmmmmmmmm." The sformato is a must-have, and an awesome autumn treat. The raviolini (if you love mushrooms the way I do) was bomb, and the rosticciana (braised short rib) is comfort food at its finest. Let me tell you, we annihilated our food without regard for anything else and enjoyed every moment of it. Was I full afterwards, you ask? You bet, but who cares? We ordered dessert anyway...and a bottle of Moscato D'Asti (Don't judge...we both had a long day alright?). We went with the "Thousand Layers" dessert which was the only thing that didn't wow me. It was good, but not amazing, and I am a connoisseur of all things sweet. Don't worry I'm almost done. I'll end this by mentioning the fact that after two bottles, apps, entrees, and dessert, our bill was only $130.  In my experience, there are few times when the clouds part, a light shines down, and the restaurant gods smile upon me (cue harp music), but Piccolo Sogno is restaurant nirvana. Everyone should go once before they die.
