2.5 stars. Overall I'd say the food was good but not amazing. There are two lines when you walk in: the one on the left, nearer to the door, is for takehoout; the one right in front of you that lead to the back and then turns left toward the cashiers are for eating in. When you're near the front of this line, the host will hand you a little card with a number. You place your order at the cashier, pay, and hand your numbered card to the host, who will show you to your seat (there are some both indoor and outdoor on the sidewalk, which is a counter, not tables). Before you get seated, don't forget to grab yourself a cup of water (still/sparkling) from the fountain. The dinner menu consists of soups and sandwiches (tortas). Both come in pretty hefty portions - I could have eaten less than half and be completely full. At the recommendation of the host, I ordered the Ahogada sandwich with pork, pickled onions, and a spicy tomato broth. When the bus boy brought my food out to me, it came in a bowl with two halves of a sandwich sitting in a thick pool of spicy broth. The broth was too tart and thick, like a sauce, and the pork was tough and dry. Overall, nothing interesting or even very good about the flavors. The bread was fine, nothing special; I wasn't impressed. I also ordered the Aztec hot chocolate (authentic Mexican hot chocolate with chili and spices) and the Mexican vanilla bean soft serve with bacon streusel and salted caramel. The hot chocolate was just ok, not really chocolatey in flavor, but maybe I'm just not used to the Mexican version. The soft serve, however, was the best thing I had at Xoco. Great vanilla flavor, smooth texture, topped with a nice sweet-salty crunch of stresel and thick, gooey caramel. I wish I hadn't eaten my sandwich and just had this instead. The wait wasn't too bad, especially compared to Frontera Grill, where my friend and I had stopped by earlier to try (unsuccessfully) to grab a seat at the bar for dinner so this was our backup plan. I wasn't really enamored with it so I don't think I'd return.
