Similar to my fellow Yelper's, I heard about Rev Brew weeks before the much anticipated opening. So, I was willing to pay my dues with the 3 hr wait for a table by the brewery, but all I ended up with was a boredom induced beer buzz and a less than average foodie experience.  Upon entering the ambiance meets the standards you read about in Thrillist - hipsters, new money and food enthusiasts. The decor blends natural elements with raw industry. Not sure about the fist pumping bar; I think that whole message is diluted by the skinny jeans crowd. Due respect is deserved though, as no detail was overlooked in creating the space. Detail in crafting beers however? Not exactly what you would expect from generational micro-brewers. Stomached the 2 hr wait time handed down by the hostess knowing I could try a hand crafted brew standing by the fire in the waiting lounge. And standing wasn't an option. Tried the Cross of Gold and to our dismay it was an overpriced Miller Light.  Two disappointing beers and the aforementioned boredom buzz (people watching is OK, but the noise level makes it difficult to have a decent conversation) later, the hostess came up to us and said "Sampson"? "No." "Who are you?" "Simms" "That will do, we have a table open". Only 45 min? Felt bad for a second about the poor guy who just lost his table, but since no one else in the waiting area seemed to have left yet, we just smiled and followed her to a cramped table for two and hoped we wouldn't get seated next to the Sampsons.  For starters: Duck Confit Bruschetta - weak, dry, and very salty - and my wife LOVES all things duck and she was less than pleased with this dish. Wisconsin Cheddar Ale Soup - great, creamy, rich, and very flavorful. I would try to steal this recipe so I could make it at home. Entrees: White Anchovy Pizza - agree with the previous yelper; soggy in the middle, interesting combo of ingredients but the kitchen must not be prepared for the crowd b/c it seemed as if they took a handful of anchovies and dumped it in on one slice. Fish 'n Chips - good, but nothing to cheers another Cross of Gold to or a Working Mans Ale for that matter. Although, WMA was a step up from the COG but nothing to bring home in a growler. In closing - beers where a significant let down and the food is OK but worth only about a 20 min wait. Glad I went though since everyone in Chi seems to have been or is currently waiting for a table.
