EDITED: I've now been three times, and I'm keeping the review at five stars. The first time I came, we sat at the bar and watched them prepare and cook the food. Amazing. I kept wanting to add things to our order (we did add a few things... i mean, you see all these tempting dishes passing under your gaze and you just can't help it!) The second time, I came with family. We ordered A LOT because we had five people. Everything was absolutely delicious, but my favorites were the vegetarian dishes (shaved asparagus, hazelnut, and arugula salad, roasted beets with whipped feta and pistachios). The neck marrow was delicious. The crispy pig ear with fried egg and swiss chard- amazing. The bottle of wine didn't hurt either. Two people were having deep dish pizza with friends for dinner and gorged themselves anyway. This past Sunday, I brought a foodie friend from NYC. She's eaten at a lot of great restaurants. She's had some freakin' amazing tapas (Tia Pol? Otto?). I was a little worried to bring her here. I shouldn't have been. She doesn't even love pork that much. I was disappointed that they didn't have the amazing shaved asparagus salad (it was only 3 weeks since the last time I came!) because asparagus is out of season. They had fresh summer squash in the salad instead. I was practically licking the plate. We got jamon serrano and podda cheese. We got the roasted summer corn, seared pork blade steak served with nduja and honey, and of course, the crispy pigs ear. To finish the gluttony, the Iris and the Nutella/banana/marshmallow fluff panini. Then we rolled ourselves home, oh-so satisfied. (We both commented that despite how full we were, we'd both eat more of that hazelnut salad.) The wait wasn't very long when we went, so... if you're impatient like I am, go on an off hour. Don't come here on Saturday at 6 or 7 or 8 and expect to be seated anytime soon. old review: Disclaimer: i've been once. but i'd love to come back. again. and again. and again. Came here with a friend after perusing menupages for places that were within walking distance of both of us AND had interesting menus. Our server was terrific and (mostly) efficient. He helped me get my chair in (we sat at the bar, and well. I'm short. so I couldn't stand on the footrail and pull my chair in) and pointed out his favorite dishes. Every bite in my mouth was like a little song. They spaced our food out PERFECTLY. If they had brought it all out at once, I would've probably wanted to order more. We shared the eggplant caponata (served with hot crostini with goat cheese spread), the white bait "french fries" (I think it'd be more accurate to call them white bait "onion rings"), milk braised pork, and jamon serrano with a fried egg on top. Then we shared two deserts. The sicilian iris is a big powdered empanada/donut with cream and chocolate inside. Oh wow. The bread pudding with carmel sauce was also delicious. There were a lot of dishes I wanted to try, but there's only so much one can eat in one sitting. I'm glad it's close by, so I can come back next time I'm in town! Now, really? I was gonna give it 4 stars. But then I remembered that they told us the wait would be 35 minutes? We waited maybe 10. I hate waiting. A lot. So, extra star for not making me wait!
