First of all, let me start off by saying that I waited and waited to write this review. I was mostly waiting from a response to the email I wrote to one of the owners after my WRETCHED horrible service experience in this place.  Before I go into detail, let me say that the food was very good. And that I HATE having had such a BIG bad experience at a place that's doing the right thing regarding food, buying local, regional, etc. But I just can't let this pass. And the ONLY reason I give this place two stars is because the food was good, other than that, I give them ZERO for service. My family and I had a reservation for Sunday 2/11 at 1:45 pm. I didn't even mind the wait or the cluster fuck that is the front entrance. Not at all. We were seated after a short wait, and then the waiting began!! We waited for TWENTY minutes before anyone even came by our table with waters. NOT the waitron...a bus person. Ok, fine... Our waiter eventually came by and greeted us by simply asking "do you have any questions about the menu?". I quickly told him we needed two coffees, a cocktail, and a biscuit thing. Away he went, showing up ten minutes later with coffee, no cream...the cocktail came ten minutes after that..and then the biscuits. He never once asked my kids if they wanted drinks, nor my spouse, always rushing off. Then there were the blank stares, confused brow furrowing glares, and an apparent general lack of organization of the rest of the staff. Some guy, who appeared to be the manager, was scurrying back and forth between two tables and the kitchen (?) carrying one thing at a time. Cream came, after my coffee was lukewarm, and about an hour later, drinks for my spouse and the kids. Honest to god. I'm not making this up. All along, our shit ass waiter, Jazzypants, had a total devil may care attitude and a 'fuck you' kinda grin only befitting of some smarmy asshole who does a job he feels to be beneath him. He probably wants to be an actor, or something far more important than a server. I did suggest in my letter that he should perhaps be released into the wilds of the city to explore other possibilities than waiting on annoying customers, like me...and you...and all of us. Hopefully, if I ever return to BJ's, he wont be there. The service continued as such for two hours and twenty five minutes. My whole day was wasted. And I have a big ball of regret stuck in my gullet for wasting a hundred bucks on a brunch I'll always remember as one of the worst I've ever had. Left me with a big jones for some simple, decent service. Ughhhh!!!!!
