I adore Sushi-X for so many reasons. I've never experienced the negativities that people are mentioning. They're a neo-sushi place rather than traditional so there is stuff they serve that you definitely won't find elsewhere in addition to staples like dragon or rainbow rolls. Evidence of their neo-philosophy towards mayo: there's a lot of different kinds they offer up. What's really great is customizing your roll here since they offer so many different ingredients. My favorite is the mango. Mango is an awesome sushi ingredient and I'm often surprised it hasn't caught on in Chicago like it has elsewhere. What's also amazing about this place is that it's good for vegetarians. I know it sounds contradictory, but they offer that many vegetable options for their rolls. The Buddha roll, one of their specialties you'll never find elsewhere, is 7different vegetables. Their specialty rolls are truly special. I can't stand places where their house "specialty" selection reads like a catering menu from Jewel (dragon, rainbow, california, caterpillar, godzilla, spider, etcetera). Here's a short list of specialty rolls: Thai Stick - green curry, shrimp, bamboo shoots, basil Red Dragon - siracha, shrimp, tuna, jalepeno, green onion Honey - albacore, cucumber, honey sesame, tempura crunch Yellow Jacket - yellowtail, mango, shitake, avocado Buddha - lettuce, avocado, daikon, asparagus, cucumber, shitake, green onion, ginger sauce This place is more than affordable for the quality they provide. I think this place is 10x better than Sushi Wabi because of craftsmenship and presentation. I can't think of another restaurant that delivers sushi with such class and design. I'm usually turned off by LA style restaurants, and if you are too, go with an open mind. This place is 100% black with anime projected on a wall with some type of electronica (drum/bass, house, trance, etcetera) playing in the background. It's also not listed on the menu since they've revamped it for the 5th time since they've opened, but this place will customize rolls for you. My favorite has always been the mango, shitake, and yellowtail combination. This is something that'll be new to most people no matter how much sushi they've eaten if don't travel much. And like I've said, this is a neo place so a lot of the traditional stuff is lacking. As much as I love miso, I'd much rather have their butternut squash soup or their wasabi garlic yukon mashed potatoes. To further enforce the idea that this place is really nouveau and far from traditional sushi places: they don't offer any nigiri. What most people understand to be sushi is raw fish pieced in a roll (which is technically maki) or ala carte by piece (which is technically nigiri), but traditionally sushi is all encompassing and means basically snackable hand items of rice with stuff attached and they just love pushing that definition. Thank g-d someone is willing to do it. Here's something I'm absolutely fanatic about: their rice is top-notch. I've had better, but this is definitely close to the top. I'm seemingly obsessed with rice quality in my sushi, but really, rice the common denominator between all sushi and it usually composes about 50% of the content: the rice NEEDS to be good. AND for the reviewer who said: " Upon further consideration, we theorize that the sushi isn't even produced onsite. Evidence? There are no sushi chefs visible as the food mysteriously appears from behind a curtain." I have ONE word for you: KITCHEN. I know in most circles, it's a well-guarded secret but I thought should let you in on it. High-end sushi places (like most high-end restaurants) use a kitchen and not a barista-style bar. That was a habit produced by fast-food sushi in places like Tokyo or NYC, but a good restaurant uses a good fully stocked kitchen. This ain't Benihana's. I don't mean to curt and insulting, but if you're going to attempt to make a clever slam, at least be clever about it.
