I use to come here all of the time with some of my clients from Indy...they just loved this place. Personally I did not get it because I kind of grew up a Morton's Boy. But I did love the smell of fresh wood chips though! Recently my wife and I had the opportunity to get out on a date by ourselves and we decided to hit Wildfire. We got here at about 5pm and were informed of specials in the bar area...half price apps and 5 dollar drinks until 6:30pm...to the bar we go!!! Typically I like sitting at the bar but we happened to meet the waiter who was servicing the high tables in the bar. After two minutes of banter, we decided to sit at the table. I am just going to get this out of the way...the 5 star review is for our waiter Mike G...talk about personality and customer service all rolled up into one. Restaurants would kill to have such a talented person serving their customers!!! We decided to go tropical and had a few of the Pina-Colada-Tini's...they were kind of a Rum version of a Cosmo. They were really good but I had to warn my other half that the pineapple hides the alcohol and to take it slow. We also loaded up on the apps. I asked our waiter to space them out. The conversation was quite funny because I have asked waiters to do this before and everything hits the table at the same time. Mike G told me that he would never let this happen...he also told me that it is not hard to do and all of your apps should never hit the table at the same time if you asked for them to be spaced out. Mike G speaks the truth!!! We started out with the shrimp stuffed with crab...it was recommended as one of the top apps here. I will say that it was okay...my other half was a little grossed out because the poor shrimp seemed to be drowning in butter. As far as I can tell, butter makes everything better. When our waiter checked in on us...we informed him we were not impressed with the shrimp! He actually went to the chef and asked if we could have an order that was not drowning. The chef completely shut down our cool waiter. Lucky I don't have your name Mr Chef and I am not ruining this review by taking away a star...Mike G was too good to ruin this night. We then moved on to the pizza with spicy chicken sausage. I have to tell you that I was impressed. I would have never thought that this place could pull off a yummy pizza. I also saw that there were more varieties to choose from too. Our last app was the Braised Short Rib Ravioli. I must say that the dish looked terrible. In fact, I felt kind of sad we ordered it. We split them up and when we tasted them we each looked at each other and realized it may have looked ugly but it sure tasted delicious. The broth was amazing too...I wish we would have had some bread to dip in the juice. (We did have bread earlier but I did not need more bread...I will just remember that next time) Mike G felt really bad about the shrimp and was still trying to make things right. He honestly went above and beyond to make us happy. He wanted us to walk away from Wildfire as happy customers. He looked at us and said, "Do you like crab?" And we said, "Yes!" He then ran off and said, "I'll be back!"  As the time passed we enjoyed a few more Pina-Colada-tinis...so smooth!!! Then two of the most beautiful crab cakes hit the table. They were so delicious...best crab cakes I have had in a long long time. This kind of service to make a customer happy was worth our trip to Wildfire and will make us come back again.  Mike G is one of the most amazing waiters ever. My 5 star review is for him...he saved our visit here and we will come back because of him. His detail to our table and to the other tables in the bar was amazing. We had a great time joking with him and talking food. He also made sure that we were taken care of too. So many waiters will ignore there tables until the check comes and then they try and turn on the charm. Mike G was a delight and I highly recommend you request him to be your server because you will not be disappointed!!!
