Another Saturday night, another date night with my hubby. My hubby likes cajun and southern comfort food, so I decided to give Big Jones a try. We live in south loop, so it was quite a drive, but we would go any length for good food. We got there about 15 minutes past our reservation, but luckily our table was still there waiting for us. A couple that walked in with no reservations had to sit at the bar for their meal. So, make sure to make reservations on the weekends. The place was cute and charming, but really didn't have a southern feel to it. Our server was very nice, and the bus boy was great. Our plates and silverware was replaced three times. That is just top notch given that we weren't at some high-end restaurant. Okay, now food Starter:  Fried Frog Legs Cajun style breading, classic Creole Meuniere, mushrooms - this was overall decent, the sauce was good, and the mushrooms were delicious, but the frog legs were just okay. Fried Green Tomatoes Three Sisters Garden cornmeal breading, pickled shrimp, remoulade - this was not all that great. The sauce was just okay, and the shrimp was a bit over cooked, but the tomatoes were just disappointing.  Sugarcane-Cured Pork Belly Gunthorp farm pork, Johnny cakes, plum ketchup, chow-chow - This was pretty good, the pork didn't have much flavor, but with the plum ketchup it was very tasty. The Johnny cakes were very fluffy and comforting. So good. Entree: Sweet Tea Infused Pork Chop center-cut Niman Ranch chop, baked bean puree, sweet potato hash - this was good. The pork chops were cooked medium well, and it was very tender. The sweet potatoes and crispy bacon strips made this dish feel more southern. Gumbo Ya-Ya Chicken, Andouille, and trinity in a traditional dark roux, with popcorn rice - this was kind of disappointing. My hubby hardly ate half. The gumbo was a bit too thick, and the flavor was very commercial like Zatarain's. So, I wouldn't order this again. Now, the very best thing in the house was definitely their fresh cornbread. These were so good that we asked for refills. They were warm with real white kernel inside. My hubby that usually hate cornbread because of its dryness went gaga over these. So, overall the experience was pleasant. The service was good. The food was okay, but we really didn't feel like we had southern food. So the search for good southern food continues.
