First the positive- the salad bar is great. Lots of Choices, all looking fresh, and everything we tried was tasty. If you go- do the light dinner, which is the soup and salad bar which has lots of meat, cheese and vegetables to satisfy. The decor is attractive and the wine acrobat is fun to watch.  The negative. The first 5 plates we picked up from the stack by the salad bar were dirty. Gross. The music in the restaurant was way to loud. I could barely hear my dinner companion and we had to ask wait staff to repeat themselves over and over again. It was really unpleasant and very inconvenient.  If I was to go back, which I never plan on doing, I would have asked if there was a quieter table that we could be moved to. The wait staff wasn't very helpful. e price of our meal until the bill arrived, nor were we given the option of salad bar only. We replied that we had never been to the restaurant before and we barely got any exploitation. This was compounded by the volume of the music. There was no price card or description of the meal to come at the table. No where were we presented with the price before the bill came. Don't get me wrong, we knew we were in for an expensive meal, but it seems like something that should be on an info card on your table. It also would have been nice to have a list of the meats we could expect to see going around as they were also very sporadic in the kinds of meat they brought around. All the meat is incredibly salty. Even my father, who is known for his love of salt, found it too salty.  For every small piece of meat I ate, I had to drink a glass of water.  We only saw about 5 kinds in the first hour. 2 more once we were really rather full and just as we were leaving we finally saw 2 kinds of meat (sausage and pork loin) that hadn't been brought around all night (and we were there nearly 2 hours) Just looking at there website, we never even saw either kind of ribs or the lamb chops or the Parmesan chicken. It took us a long time to get our check after we asked for it. Given that it's a fixed priced meal, and the our "server" doesn't actually bring around food or water, there's no reason for that.  And finally the when she did bring the check, she managed to knock my water across the entire table and into my father's lap. Soaking him. And didn't offer any kind of recompense for doing so. The only reason I give them a 2 instead of a 1 is that the salad bar was really good and if you were going for the light dinner the salad bar would be worth it.
