The food here is good, really good. But we had the worst experience I think I've ever had in Chinatown last weekend. We made a reservation for 6 of us for 6 pm. Not a problem, table was saved. But when the hostess sat us, the waiters talked about how we took the table without checking in, right in front of us in Chinese...I speak Chinese. When the waiter came, he quickly brought glassware for our wine and he opened it for us. Nice. We ordered pot stickers to start. When I bit into it, it was dark dark pink and mushy. Normally I wouldn't have a problem with the pinkness (pork cooks that way sometimes) but it looked and tasted raw in my mouth. I asked if he would send it back and recook it more. He comes back and says that's the way they serve them there. We all kind of sat there dumbfounded until I said, "OK, if you think they're safe, we'll keep them..." when all of a sudden he throws his arms up and walks away. So now I don't know if we're getting them or not because he never came back. Ever. The entire evening. I really didn't think I was rude or anything and our table was in disbelief. Fine. We move on to entrees. We flagged someone down to order. My husband ordered Salt and Pepper Ribs. She repeated "Salt and Pepper Pork" (same thing). We get our food and they bring us Salt and Pepper Prawns. When we tell them, they apologize and bring us the Pork. All the food was good and authentic. But we never got service again. For the next two hours we had to hail down a server for water, to pay the bill, ask for more rice. No one checked on us once. We thought that they would want to shoo us out on a busy Saturday night but they never served us at all. We as a group dine out quite a bit and I like to think that we are a pretty easy-going crowd. We all try new things, we ask for things nicely...so I really don't get what happened here. When we get the bill both Salt and Pepper items are on there along with the pot stickers. We only asked to have the pot stickers taken off since I only ate one bite. All in all it was such a disappointing experience because our friends had asked us to take them there hearing all the good press. We aren't ever going back again.
