The idea was to double date at Frontera. But the moment we got in on a Friday night and the hostess casually said "two and half hour wait" without even batting an eye, we decided we'd have to see what else was available. With XOCO around the corner and also on our lists to try, we stopped in to see what was available. The funniest part is, the hostess at XOCO seemed genuinely concerned that our wait would be 15 minutes! Talk about two different methods of management! So, onto the food: Fresh made guac and chips: $4. Excellent started, well made guac, perfect for tiding yourself over as you await the main orders. Cochinita Pibil Torta: The meat was fairly good, the habanero sauce on this was wonderfully hot (one of those levels where the sides of your mouth feel hot after even finishing the sandwich!). $12 Cubana Torta: This was the clearn winner of the three sandwiches. Succulent tender meat, fresh avocados, excellent flavors. If you try torta, try this one. $11 Milanesa Torta: As one of my favorite tortas in most other Mexican restuarants, this one was good... but it paled in comparison to the Cubana. It was breaded well, didn't have the crunch that I typically come to expect with a milanesa, but the flavors were good. Just not as good as the Cubana. $9 Pork Belly Vermicelli Caldos: Oh lordy... I could eat this everyday if I only worked out enough to balance it out. The pork belly, sitting int he soup, was still crisp, tender, and juicy. The flavor of the broth was reminiscent of an excellent Japanese style ramen, but with a bit of a Mexican kick. This is the stuff my dreams are made of. $12 Carnitas Caldos: A lighter broth with hinets of lime flavored through it, the carnitas were wonderfully tender and the broth was refreshing. While our double dates preferred this soup, my fiancee and I preferred the Pork Belly. Try em both if you can, and decide for yourself. And who would've ever thought avocados would work in a soup cut in whole pieces? Bayless, why are you such a culinary genius? $11.50 Ultra Hot Chocolate: Rich rich rich... it was looking drinking pure chocolate with all the creaminess to back. If you like those decadent desserts, grab this. $3 Almendrado Hot Chocolate: A nice balance to the hot chocolate flavors with an almond tang. This was definitely my preference, as the sweetness of the almond milk cuts the delicious bitterness of the chocolate a bit. More balanced in my opinion. $3.25 Mexican Chocolate Hazelnut Cookie: Wow. I mean wow. This is one damn good cookie. End with this. The flavors were perfect, the cookie texture was spot on. End your meal with one of these. $1.75 Churros: As a burb kid who only grew up on churros that you can buy from the stands in Chicago and NYC, I was impressed. These are lighter, fresher, and more flavorful than the street stand churros, at a fairly similar price. A tasty choice, but the cookie was a clear winner. 3 for $3.00. Verdict: So there you have it folks. The food is great! One star detracted because of the seating arrangements (we were seated at a high table attached to a wall when a table for four was open... and even though I requested we grab a seat there, the hostess refused to move us there.. and proceeded to sit a different group of four there that was behind us). It's definitley a bit tight, but still an enjoyable place to eat! Btw, classy touch of adding sparking water via tap for customers.  My condolences to the one person in our party who didn't see Rick Bayless as he stopped to take pictures with customers and checked on the operations. Perhaps next time. ;)
