Against all odds, I had a fantastic brunch experience at Publican this past Sunday. I say this because I gave Publican ample opportunity to completely crash and burn, and yet my party of four ended up having a pretty great time. For starters, I effectuated a pre-brunch merger at 10 a.m., mere moments prior to my friend and I's settled-on start time, and added two more people to our party who decided to get in the brunchy goodness after completing a 10k earlier that morning. Which brings us to Crash & Burn Moment Number 1: One of the runners didn't think she was dressed appropriately for Publican's upscale ways. Luckily, her track pants and grandma sweater fit right in with the restaurant's eclectic vibe. CBM#2: Industrious 10k-ers took much longer than expected to get to the meetup point, leaving one of our party stranded solo at Publican while we hustled to make it over. During his 25 minute layover, the seating time went from "no problem, we can seat you as soon as your party shows up" to "it'll be 40 minutes at least." Yeesh. Crisis was averted on two fronts: First, we were allowed to order a few small things off the menu to be delivered to one of the standing tables in the middle of the dining room, and second, we were seated in about 7 minutes. This led to some confusion in the delivery of our pre-ordered food but things generally worked out and only a hash brown was lost. The third (but not final) CBM came when the same stranded diner realized he needed to get a move on if he was going to make it to the airport to pick up his girlfriend on time. Our server, who appeared at first glance to be too ironic for her own good, came through with flying colors and got him his pork shoulder entree in no time, and he was out the door shortly thereafter. It helped that he just about died eating the pork shoulder. Oh, the moaning. He professed his undying love for Publican and all it's porky delights. The other dishes were also great. I loved the quiche and the hashbrowns were total perfection. The waffle was also a hit. I would seriously avoid the salad, though. The dressing was disgustingly heavy and just gross. This would have been CBM#4 but I was so happy with those hashbrowns that I barely noticed. Final CBM: Our check was a nightmare. Totally screwed up. The top half looked like what we order but the rest was way out of left field. Flying Colors Server earned her stripes again by fixing in about one second (once flagged down). With the check paid and our bellies full, we happily rolled out of Publican, singing its praises and eager to return.
