I'm a big fan of the Brazilian Steakhouses, so I was excited to try the newest addition to Chicago. Unfortunately, I found it to be a very mediocre experience. First off, their Valet service is terrible. It's not located in front of the restaurant (Isn't that the POINT of a valet?!?!), so you have to drive around the corner across the street, basically right to the parking garage so you've already done half the work for the valets. But we still sat in our car like idiots for about 5 min. before we just gave up and parked in the garage ourselves (saving $1+tip) since we were already at it. Second, we were running about 10 min. late, so we got there just before 7pm and there were only a handful of tables seated. Yet even though we had reservations, we still had to wait another 10 minutes before being seated, which was strange. As for the food, the salad bar stuff was quite good and it was cool that they also had Lobster Bisque, which the others don't have. However, the bisque is as good as one would expect an all you can eat bisque to be (no contest when compared to Shaw's or the Palm). Their meats were all pretty standard, but with no list at the table of all the different cuts available, I'm not sure if we got to see/taste all of them. Their unique one I think is their beef ribs. I will say though that their Bacon Wrapped Filet was EXCELLENT. They do a very good job of getting the bacon nice and crispy.  Now my main eccentricity with restaurants is I'm a firm believer in bringing my own wine and paying the corkage fee instead of a restaurant's 200+% markup. This is where Texas really lost me. Their corkage is $30, although I didn't bother asking if it was per 750ml. Brazzaz is only $20 regardless of bottle size and Fogo is $25 per 750ml. Their markups on their wine list were way above average (although all the servers I mentioned this to disagreed strongly). Two good benchmarks of wine prices I use are Veuve Cliquot yellow label and Duckhorn Merlot. Their Veuve was priced at $119/bottle (retail is anywhere from $30-40 typically). Usually Veuve is at MOST $90-100 at the even higher end restaurants because there are a lot of idiots out there who will pay it because of the cache that the marketers have developed for the brand. Their Duckhorn Merlot (retail $40-50) was priced at $128, which is a 320% markup from retail! This was the highest I've seen for a bottle of standard merlot of the most recent vintage (2005). For comparison, Shaw's sells a 2005 ESTATE Grown bottle for $120 (retail $70-80) and Charlie Trotter's sells a Howell Mountain 2003 for $143 (and if you could find an '03 for sale, retail would probably be $80-90). Perhaps you're paying extra for the "experience" of watching some chick in rock climbing gear fetch your bottle. If that's the case, just keep the wine in a cellar like a normal restaurant and knock 20 bucks off the price for me please! Overall, 2 dinners (-25% with online coupon), 1 corkage, 2 $8 glasses of wine, and 1 dessert cost $160, so without the coupon, would have been closer to $200 for two people. For that amount of money, I can definitely think of other restaurants that I'd much rather go to next time. If you're craving a Brazilian Steakhouse dinner, go to Brazzaz: same types of meat plus they have their shrimp skewers (which are awesome), cheaper corkage/wine markups, and better choice of desserts too. While I would have given it 3 Stars, the 2 Star explanation of "Meh. I've experienced better" voices my opinion perfectly, so I'm going with 2.
