10:30 on a Monday night and Violet Hour, larger than almost any cocktail destination in NYC, is at capacity. Chicago obviously knows how to party, but do the folks at VH know how to handle the party?  Crowd control is not good here, not at all. Sometimes there's a doorman in the velvet-curtained vestibule, but sometimes there's not (I went on Tuesday, too). There's no clear delineation for forming a line, and they only take your name if you're going to leave and come back when there's a table for you. The waiting vestibule is divided in two (I imagine to protect themselves from blustery Chicago winters), so if you're in the back part, you're constantly wondering what's going on in the front part, and the whole while people are coming in and sashaying past you even though you are trying to be a polite and gracious person who is waiting her turn like an ADULT!!! It's absolutely maddening, but once you are inside it's very nice, and you are well taken-care of. Most of the seating is made up of armchairs with 6 foot high backs, which is very clever because it allows them to shift things around and create a semi-private space for any size party. Also, you feel like you are in a tiny periwinkle blue leather spaceship. The look is less Prohibition-era speakeasy and more funky-but-understated turn-of-the-century parlor: high ceilings, hardwood floors, white molding...very pretty.  Now, the drinks...the drinks, I'm sad to say, were hit or miss, but you should take this with a grain of salt because I am really, really, annoyingly particular about my cocktails. Basically anywhere I go that charges $12+ for a cocktail gets compared to Milk & Honey here in NYC so...just keep that in mind. Overall, I'd say that the menu is well-rounded and well-thought out, but it just didn't all translate in execution.  First, there is something strange about the glassware choices here. Drinks that you'd expect to be up from reading the ingredients, like the Oldest Living Confederate Widow (Bombay Dry, Lemon, Honey Syrup, Absinthe, Orange Bitters) or the Sarsaparilla Sling (Buffalo Trace, Punt e Mes, Amaro Ciociaro, Sarsaparilla Syrup, Root Beer Bitters) were inexplicably served in a Collins glass over a giant ice cube, and drinks you'd expect to see over ice, like the Negroni, are served up. Why?? Secondly, the drinks were often underwhelming. The Autumn Sazerac was terribly one-dimensional, and the Sarsaparilla Sling was too sweet and surprisingly bland given the number of ingredients. The Negroni was great, though, and probably the biggest hit of the night was the Little Red, a sharp mix of peaty and blended scotch, apricot brandy, and lemon. Really, really nice. AND when we went off-menu and ordered an Aviation, it was made to perfection. SO. There are good and bad things to be said about Violet Hour, but I think in a city where there aren't a ton of classic cocktail havens, it's certainly worth a trip. While in line, I chatted up the couple behind us, and asked if there were anywhere else in Chicago to go for cocktails. They looked confused, saying "well, there are lots of places that make cocktails, but Violet Hour...is different" which I took to mean "there are many places that will make you a vodka cranberry, but nowhere else you can go for a Nickel Manhattan." Judging by its popularity on every night of the week, I imagine that this is true.
