The night started out with us being given a pager once we checked in for our reservation. That's never good. It continued with us sitting in the fun bar area with couches that looked far more comfortable than they really were. Overall, the ambiance around the bar was nice, though. After only a few minutes, our group of 5 was headed to our table (which was set for 7 and inaccessible due to the tray of desserts blocking half the seats and the receipt from the last party still sitting in the middle of the table) in one of the smaller rooms, far, far away from the main room with the salad bar and wine angel for entertainment. Strike One. I felt like we'd been stuck in a corner, away from all the action and, most importantly, much of the food. I don't know about you, but I don't love filling my plate, then dodging tables, chairs and other patrons on the long walk back to your table. The salad bar itself was good with a nice amount of Italian cheeses, meats and antipasti items (marinated olives, peppers, etc.). However, maybe it was because it was built up so much online, but I wasn't blown away by the quality of anything and was distressed at the lack of actual vegetables and salad items. Sure, the seared tuna was good, but I really like veggies outside of marinated artichokes and hearts of palm. Once we returned safely from the salad bar into our lonely corner, we flipped our coins to let the meat parade begin. There were many, but I have to say that I thought there would be more diversity and flavor profiles. The first piece of filet I received was definitely the best. It was cooked perfectly (most of the meat I received, even the bacon-wrapped filet, was overcooked) and tasted great. From that point on, I wasn't blown away by any of the offerings and thought most were just okay. Full disclosure, I'm not a HUGE meat eater and it's not often that I crave steak. I do enjoy it, though and felt like Texas de Brazil is more about quantity that quality. If you like steak and want A LOT of it, then this is your place. It can also be an interesting, fun dining experience if you get sat in the main dining room near the salad bar and in view of the "wine angel" who continuously spins and flies around the 2-story wine wall to retrieve bottles. (A side note on the wine list: the mark-ups were pretty insane. We found two bottles we buy regularly at a 400-600% mark-up.) Our server was hard to understand, but overall, pretty friendly. I don't remember wanting for anything, though I wouldn't say the service was exemplary. I did think it was weird that they throw comment cards at you at the end of your meal to get you signed up for their email list. If you can really pack it in, this might be a good option for you, but for me, the value just wasn't there and the whole experience felt kind of processed and commercial. Maybe I'm a snob, but I like to think I'm just someone who really likes good food, and in my opinion, Texas de Brazil didn't have it.
