If you're looking for an awesome place for breakfast look no further and come to Meli! With a morning free from class, my friends and I scoured Yelp for some good eats before heading to school. Seeing so many great reviews and drool-worthy pictures, we quickly decided on Meli. The restaurant is located on Halsted in Greektown. There isn't a private parking lot, but there's plenty of street parking so no need to fret. The restaurant overs a large array of menu items from omelets to skillets to crepes to waffles to pancakes...yeah it's overwhelming. The interior is very classy and many of the patrons dining seemed pretty affluent so it's a restaurant you should come to when you feel indulgent on special occasions. When we first arrived, we saw a girl that I think was the hostess, but we were actually greeted by a server, which a found a little odd. The hostess had a sour look on her face like she was annoyed to be there and was constantly sighing and rolling her eyes. These are common symptoms of a condition my friend calls #HOSTESSHATE, lol. Yup, this girl had full blown case of #HOSTESSHATE. Anyways, the server, who actually turned out to be our server led us to our seats and asked for our drink order. She was incredibly warm and welcoming, offering her personal favorites from the menu, as well as other recommended dishes. Here's what we ordered: -Mana Mou skillet (my dish/server's rec): This dish was a hefty $16 which is different than the price listed on the site, FYI, but it was sooooo worth it! The skillets consist of a layer of diced red potatoes on the bottom and your choice of ingredients on top finished with two eggs any style. The Mana Mou is composed of sauteed portobello mushrooms, red onions, bell peppers, black angus steak and a layer of creamy melty provolone cheese. OMG! The angus steak was perfectly seasoned and cooked to a medium rare to medium so it practically melted in my mouth. I'm actually salivating writing this. Okay back to the review, I topped my skillet with two poached eggs, so the velvety yolks acted like a sauce to make the dish even more rich and decadent! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! -Emerald Isle skillet ($12): this skillet was alright, but nothing to write home about. This skillet is made up of corned beef and is top with swiss cheese. I actually found the corned beef a bit too salty to my liking. -Spicy flamenco omelet ($13): This omelet consists of chicken chorizo, jalepenos, onion, avocado, tomatoes, cilantro and pepper jack cheese. It's topped with sour cream. This dish was pretty good. All the ingredients really lend themselves to each other. It was a good combination of spiciness from the chorizo, jalepenos, creaminess from the avocados cut by the tangy-ness of the sour cream and the cilantro added a freshness to the dish. In addition, the meals come with your choice of toast and house-made ketchup and marmalade. We received orange and strawberry marmalade with our meals. The orange marmalade was definitely the better of the two. I would've licked the dish if I was in the comfort of my own home - that's how great it was! They also sell the marmalade, which is awesome. The ketchup was equally as delicious - haha, I actually contemplated having my friend take the bottle with us, but we were trying to be classy, lol. Sooo...you're probably asking why I knocked off one star since I've been raving for the past 5 paragraphs - 3 reasons: 1) #HOSTESSHATE 2) There was a slight mix up with our bill where we paid, but the cashier couldn't add so they tried to charge us even more, but she ended up catching her mistake after we brought it up. 3) Our server was training another server, which was really nice, but incredibly clumsy (i.e. slamming plates on table, spilling water, etc...) Overall, despite the minor setbacks, I would definitely come back to Meli to try out other items on the menu and their fresh juices!
