Over forty years ago, my friends and I often dined at Little Bucharest, located at that time at about 3500 N. Ashland, in corner building.  The front of the store was a large bar area, also used for parties, and the tables for dining were in a very small room at the back, with about eight tables. A very small kitchen in between gave a glimpse of a grandmother figure, cooking in steaming pots and pans, with great smells emanating from the room. The food was amazing in taste, quality and quantity. Goulashes, Schnitzels, Stuffed veal, Mammaligi, and often wild game, such as rabbit. The deserts were incredible....Tortes a foot high, filled with chocolate. (my cousin ordered one of their giant tortes as her wedding cake, which was devoured by the guests before she could even get a bite.) Great Romanian music played on a juke box out front. People naturally became friendly in the small room, and I remember a date asking a perfect stranger for a taste of her dish, and then returning the favor when our dishes arrived. When it became popular it was remodeled and the front part became the dining area and the former dining area the kitchen. The food remained wonderful. The atmosphere great , as we marveled at the mosaic windows of pictures of Vlad the Impaler and other Kings of Transylvania. About ten years ago, the place closed, I thought, and I heard nothing of moving elsewhere. But I guess it had, for recently I discovered it, on Elston Street. It was a great find. The windows are now inside as decorations and the restaurant has live Romanian music, and many of the old dishes I remember. Again, the quality and quantity are amazing. You won't leave hungry for sure. My mother would have been proud to see me somehow finish a meal of goulash and mammaligi that would have fed three people. The Romanian wine was great, as was the Romanian coffee. The deserts were smaller than forty years ago, but just as wonderful.  The last night that my gal and I were there the place was empty. :( Of course, it was 100 degrees outside and maybe that's what kept people from eating out. And the owner sent over a free bottle of wine to thank us for dining there that night. I sure hope that that was the reason because the restaurant is great and you will be very happy .... and full .....after dining there.
