If not for check-in, I would have given my experience at Hotel 71 five stars. The premium room was great for what we paid, stylishly furnished, comfortable, quiet, and with an amazing bathroom (seriously, can I take that back to Boston with me??). The location could not have been better; we bought 3-day CTA passes and barely used them since we could walk almost everywhere. Prompt and friendly housekeeping and a fantastic 12th-floor river view were icing on the cake and even the elevators were never a problem (!!). Now for the bad part: check-in. I'm relatively young already and look even younger, which I think wrote "take advantage of me" on my forehead. When we checked in, we were asked if we'd reserved a premium room with one king, to which I responded no, we'd requested two queens (I was traveling with my brother). He paused for a minute and told us he'd given us a city view and sent us up to the room. Well, it turns out he'd given us a standard city view (which wasn't even available on Expedia, but we booked anyway since we got a deal on the premium room). At first I thought I wouldn't complain since it was probably because they'd gotten the wrong information from Expedia, but I looked up the price difference ($70 per night for four nights) and marched back downstairs, determined either to get the premium room we'd paid for - or at least a standard river view - or to receive some sort of compensation. Another staff member was very friendly and apologetic and put us in a premium room. Halfway there, I realized I hadn't mentioned needing two queens and, lo and behold, there was only one king. I elected my brother to go down to the concierge this time and they finally put us in the room we'd requested: a premium river view with two queens. Since the room we'd originally reserved was obviously available, I'm not sure why they didn't just put us in it in the first place. That being said, Hotel 71 was indeed a great place to stay in Chicago. If you can, stay in a premium room. There is a BIG difference, and I should know!
