The line was long when I arrived and stretched all the way to the drive way of another business. I waited in line for an hour and a half and it was definitely worth the wait. I ordered three Hot Dougs: Turducken, duck sausage topped with truffle aioli & foie gras mousse, and the rattle snake sausage. Wow, wow, and wow!! All three were amazing. The sausages are real meaty and plump in size so you do not have to worry about leaving there hungry or having to buy more to fill up. I would say to the average eater that two Hot Dougs should be enough. I consider myself a big eater so when I ordered three, I was only able to finish two and half; which I regrettably left my other half in the taxi cab by accident (still bummed about that). I never ate rattle snake before so I took a bite of the bottom portion, with out the sauce, and it was not gamey at all; which I do not mind gamey.  It was topped with cheese-stuffed hot pepper and a black garlic rouille sauce and was very delicious. The Turducken was good as well and was the meatiest out of all because it had three different meats in it (turkey, duck, and chicken..there could have been other meats in it as well, I am not sure).  It consist of the Turducken Sausage with smokey bacon sauce, pate de Compagne and brie-blue Cheese. Out of all three Hot Dougs I would have to say the foie gras duck sausage was my favorite only because I am a sucker for foie gras, but the rattlesnake was very close to me saying that it was my favorite.  If your are there on a Friday or Saturday order the fries deep fried in duck fat. Fries are just fries to me, but something about it being deep fried in duck fat made them really tasty. The fries are cut skinny so they come out really somewhat crispy, which i really liked. I would have to say all three were the best hot dogs I have ever ate in my life. In addition, hands down, this place is THE BEST hot dog joint ever. I recommend this place to anyone that is a fan of encased meat in a tube. You never really had a real hot dog until you've gone to Chicago, and you definitely have not had a real dog if you've never been to Hot Dougs. I am from California and anytime I am in the Chicago area this is a "must go to" spot.
