I finally came to XOCO after months of wanting to, and after having read amazing review after amazing review -- including one that hailed XOCO as "one pain in the ass that's definetly worth it" (because of the line to get in). Like so many others, I too wish I had my very own personal Rick Bayless. XOCO, in all of it's Bayless culinary bliss and surprising convenience, is as close as I'm going to get. What I love so much about the Rick Bayless empire on North Clark is that despite their being 3 Bayless Mexican restaurants next-door to one another, they're all different from one another to a point where you could eat three consecutive meals, one at each spot, and not feel as though you've had anything repetitive. Topololobampo is definetly your upscale/date night out, Frontera Grill is made for fun night out with friends, and XOCO is your new Mexican comfort food eatery, probably best for lunch or a late afternoon bite. It's perfect for someone looking for an authentic yet convenient, affordable Rick Bayless dining experience.  Be prepared to wait -- XOCO doesn't take reservations and while I've talked to others who have waited for an hour and a half or more, my wait was only about 30 minutes. XOCO is a place where you wait in line, soaking in the smells and drooling over the menu, until you place your order at a counter. You're seated by a hostess and your food, all of which is prepared fresh and to-order, is brought to you in about the same amount of time you'd expect at any other restaurant. Kind of an interesting blend between "fast" food and a restaurant experience. The dining room seats about 40 or 50 -- best for smaller groups, ideally between 2 and 4. We started with the chips and guacamole and split two tortas, the ahogada and the choriqueso.  Both were delicious, though the ahogada came highly recommended by the host and it definetly lived up to the hype. Was told to try the Pork Belly Vermicelli caldo next time, which I am absolutely planning on doing. For dessert, we had the housemade churros and classic hot chocolate, which is made from fresh mexican cacao beans ground right there in front of you. I'm not sure there are words for how rich and decadent that stuff was -- an absolute must-have! Service was perfect, food was superb, ambiance is that of an upscale cafe, and I ate for under $20 total. And Bayless himself was walking the dining room and kitchen, saying hello to guests, which really put the finishing touch on the evening. I can't wait to go back!
