Five stars for a hot dog joint sounds ridiculous, of course, unless you've been to the encased meat mecca that is Hot Doug's. We made the forty-five minute pilgrimage by car for the sole purpose of trying Hot Doug's wieners of lore. This is our tale.... Once upon a time, in a land far, far away (Hyde Park), three souls set forth on a journey to find the fabled Hot Doug's. Over highways and avenues, through concrete jungles and treacherous traffic jams, we rode in search of glorious sausages and duck fat fries. At long last, we arrived. As foretold, the line of sausage seekers began at the end of an iron gate where many a weary traveler wondered aloud if the wieners were worth the wait. Alack, the wait was long. *"I wish I was eating," a young maiden lamented. But still the line wound its way past pigs and pines to end in a wonderous room filled with psychedelic hues and the sweet aroma of wieners and fries. But not just any wieners and fries. Lo, it is Hot Doug's and it is good. (Along the way you will pass a sign instructing you not to choose a table before you've placed your order. Trust this sign.) After all was said and done, our journey lasted an hour and forty-five minutes on account of our obstacles. The great Mr. Hot Doug, himself, greeted us cheerfully and took our order. We tried the Sally Vega (the corndog to end all corndogs), the Cheeseburger Sausage (don't knock it till you've tried it), fries and duck fat fries. The duck fat fries (which are available ONLY Friday and Saturday) were the stuff of legend. They had a depth of flavor that the regular fries lacked. Their regular fries are awfully good, though. I chose the Marty Allen (a Thuringer), fried and grilled and topped with "everything." My only lament is that I did not show more restraint with the toppings because it was a shame to mask the deliciousness of the dog. As weird as it may seem, I could actually discern the pork from the beef and taste the garlic. And I LOVE garlic so I was quite pleased with Hot Doug's Thuringer. My fellow travelers tried the Elvis and the Chicago dog and both were satisfied with their wieners of choice. The Chicago dog was declared "the best" of all Chicago dogs, and this from one who has sought out the Holy Grail of Chicago style hotdogs. In the end, we were all delighted by the wonders contained within Hot Doug's. Do not allow the naysayers to delay your quest. Hot Doug's is worth the journey (but be sure to bring cash because Hot Doug does not dig the plastic). *actual statement from a young girl in the Hot Doug's line
