One word - FABULOUS. As they only take a limited number of reservations, my husband and I took our chances on a Saturday night. When we got there around 6:15 it was already packed. Originally they said it would be 20 minutes for a table, so we put our name down and grabbed the last two seats at the bar. Within 2 minutes of meeting the bartender, Lucas, we opted to stay put at the bar for dinner. Lucas is fabulous with great recommendations and made us feel right at home. Food: Amazing We started with the Roasted Bone Marrow smear. Really rich. This wasn't my favorite of the night but still great. The toast that came with the smear was delicious as was the salad that came with. The marrow smear was good just a bit rich for me. From there came the best single dish I have had in a long time. Pig Ears with a Fried Egg. OH MY GOSH. At first I was hesitant obviously because when I think of pig ears I think of a dog's chew toy, but wow. SO glad I gave this a go. They taste like little salty pieces of bacon, and the egg is the perfect accompaniment. Although the best part of this dish was the crispy kale. I WISH I could have ordered a whole side order of the kale! Then we had the prosciutto bread balls which are almost like delicious prosciutto meat balls. These bread balls were served with a delicious tomato sauce. The sauce was great, I just wished they had given us a bit more! We were pleasantly surprised when the kitchen sent over a complimentary side of marinated eggplant. DELICIOUS! Lastly, we had the Chicken Thighs with fried potatoes and tzatziki sauce. Chicken was cooked perfectly, potatoes were delicious, tzatziki was the best I have ever had. Seems like a lot of food but the portions are perfect little plates, so you don't leave feeling overly full. This place is only a bit over a week old, and obviously has a few kinks to work out (they ran out of a bunch of wines and liquors, but were quick to make alternate suggestions which were equally fantastic). I certainly hope that The Purple Pig stays around for a very long time!! (Start taking reservations so I can be sure to get a table!!)
