That's it, I've found it. The best Brazillian steakhouse, hands down. Admittedly, I haven't been to all of the, but this place is amazing. Everything was ridiculously good. And the ambiance blows the other places out of the water. Just really nice and relaxed, in that subtly expensive way. And a trapeze girl retrieving wine from the two story wine shelves. So I started with the salad bar, just like they want you to. You should definitely stay away from it, as it will just distract you from the delicious meats. But if you can't stay away, I wouldn't blame you. The fresh mozzarella balls are delicious, as is the goat cheese and the grilled provolone. There was another very salty one, in shavings, also delicious. Hard to stay away from those. Then came the meat. Oh so much meat, so little stomach. Well, not that little. But definitely not enough. There's really too much to describe or remember it all, but I will say I was impressed by pretty much everything. Some of the other places have one or two that stand out, but Texas de Brazil has like 10. Seriously though, the beef ribs were amazing. Wow, so glad I got those. I wanted some more pork ribs and ignorantly asked them to bring the beef ribs back around at the end of the night. Good thing, too, because I don't think I ever would have seen them otherwise. They were simply amazing. I was also blown away by the house special and the rack of lamb. Of course you can't go wrong with the bacon wrapped filet either. And the top sirloin was delectable. Oh and I almost forgot the sausages. How could I forget those? I had three and had to force myself to stop, to make room for all the other goodies. By the way, when you have your little card up on green for more meat, the servers are super attentive and you'll have to flip it over quick to avoid meat overload. Also, they remember you, your tastes, and your recent refusals. So you won't be bombarded by multiple offerings of the same meat. Once a guy walked past me with something I wanted, which surprised me. But when I caught his attention, he told me these were not cooked the way I liked, but that he would bring some others back for me. He remembered exactly how I wanted all my meat cooked! Amazing. Also, as someone who drinks water like it's going out of style, I was impressed to never have my glass less than half full for more than a minute. And the servers were super friendly, very pleasant, and pleasantly cheerful. All around a great serving experience. Now they want you to eat the mashed potatoes and the fried bananas, but I didn't. So I can't say much about them. My guess is it's really not worth it to dig into the potatoes, but it's definitely worth it to devour the bananas. I had a bite, and those things are delicious. To be fair, they're pretty darn good at all of the churrascarias i've been to, but still. They're ridiculous.
