I stayed here for a night this past December. The room was OK, fairly clean and pretty spacious. I picked this hotel because of the price (one of the 'best deals' I could find for Chicago area hotel that didn't seem like a complete dump) and the somewhat decent reviews I found on the Internet. I was on the top floor (5th) with a decent view toward the city and McCormick convention center. The neighborhood is not the nicest but I walked around at night and felt fairly safe. There aren't really any restaurants or stores within walking distance. I did walk to a Walgreens and to Chinatown at night but it was quite the walk. Better off taking a cab or hopping on the "L" train around there (the train runs parallel to the street right in front of the hotel). The gym/workout room was OK. The Internet in the hotel didn't work several times during my 1 night stay. Nobody had any idea as to when it might be working again. Besides a restaurant and a bar, there is also a small coffee/sandwich place in the building but it was closed several times although the hours shown on the sign said it should've been open. There is also a small store and a salon. A word of advice....stay away from the bar in the hotel! I can't comment on the restaurant across the hallway but the bar (SL Sports Bar & Lounge) is a complete joke...if this place weren't located inside of a hotel, they'd be out of business in no time. I decided to eat there at night because it seemed convenient. Although 2 bartenders, the manger AND the owner were behind the bar, not one of them bothered greeting or even acknowledging me when I walked in or even after I was sitting at the bar for several minutes and the same happend with several customers who came in after me. To order something, it felt like customers had to either beg them for attention or get angry and cause a ruckus, despite the fact that there were 4 people working behind the bar and only about 12 customers in the place. The place really wasn't that busy and by no means trendy enough to have any kind of attitude towards its customers. It was a plain, no frills hotel bar. One lady next to me got so angry about the fact that she was continuously ignored by the employees, including the manager, that she asked to speak to the owner "Tony," who then actually tried to weasel his way out of having to deal with her complaint by telling her he was not the owner, despite the fact that the bartenders had already pointed him out. What a joke...have some pride (or at least the slightest bit of business sense) and try to make things right. After he finally admitted to her that he was in fact the owner, he tried to play "Mr. Smooth" with her, asked what the problem was but, at the end of the conversation, still made no actual attempt to rectify the situation. The chicken sandwich I had ordered to take to the room with me sat on the bar counter for close to 10 minutes until I insisted that one of the bartenders check whether that was my order and so, naturally, it was cold by the time I got to the room to eat it. I didn't think you could screw up a simple grilled chicken sandwich but this place still managed to do it. It tasted like somebody had cooked it over a week ago and the fries weren't any better. The chicken breast was partially "rubbery," partially dry and partially burned on the outside. Conclusion...you're better off eating a sandwich out of a vending machine than spending your money in this place.
