I don't always opt for over-the-top, flashy dining experiences, but when I do, I prefer Carnivale. The soccer pitch-sized dining area is epic in scale and whimsical in its decor. The space is lit by Liberty Bell-sized paper lanterns, and the walls are decorated with a dazzling array of colors. It's definitely in-your-face, which usually puts me off, but for some reason most of it works at Carnivale (with the exception of the ridiculous short ties that the waiters are wearing. Maybe the proprietor wants to create the illusion that the servers are wearing vests without actually paying for them? I'm at a loss on this one). The drinks at Carnivale are consistently awesome. The caipirinhas are made with real cachaca and are not too sweet, so I usually opt for these; however, the specialty beverages are also top notch (tonight, I enjoyed a tequila "old fashioned" made with Maestro Dobel tequila). The food is typically outstanding. Piquant, chunky, and thoroughly garlicky guacamole is absurdly delicious, and is served with crack-addictive tortilla chips. Ceviches have been consistently well-prepared, and the cheese plate we enjoyed this evening had some truly distinctive options (a brie-like soft cheese from southern Indiana wrapped in bourbon-soaked cornhusks, as well as rosemary-crusted manchego, were very interesting). The entree list is dominated by red meat options, all of which have been spectacular in my experience. I've personally enjoyed the arranchada (skirt steak with rice and beans and chimichurri), filet medallions, and costilla de res (beef short ribs served with deliciously cheesy polenta). The pork chop is seasoned perfectly, fills the plate, and is actually cooked to order rather than charred beyond recognition (as is par for the course at most restaurants). Desserts (notably the Carnivale ice cream cake that comes with passion fruit ice cream, guava/cream cheese ice cream, and pistachio/chocolate chip ice cream) are uniformly decadent and way too large for mere mortals to consume on their own. I would have given Carnivale 5 stars based on my other experiences before dining there tonight, but one of our dishes bombed; the sweet potato soup with crab salad was cloyingly sweet, and thick like baby food. Very unpleasant. Still, this is the only bad bite I've experienced on several visits, so it only nominally detracts from my perception of the restaurant - I'll forget about it. Service is very attentive. Pricing is definitely high (apps ~$10, mains ~$25, drinks ~$10), but by no means exorbitant for food of this caliber served in this setting. I'd highly recommend Carnivale for your next evening of hedonism.
