This place is amazing in a lot of ways. A couple dishes are disappointing, but for the most part, the food is exciting and delicious. I'll put aside the price tag, since that's just the way these places work. The service was pretty good, although I have to say that some people were a bit affected, and our sommelier/waiter(?) was a little breathless and nervous...maybe a bit hyper. (He once asked me how I liked a dish and then literally walked away before I could even answer.) But, this staff has obviously been very vigorously trained, and they run a tight ship. Most were exceedingly friendly and helpful.  (BTW, they invited us back to the kitchen after our meal, which was cool. I'm not sure if they do that for everyone or if they did it because it was my dad's birthday, but it was nice. Unfortunately, the kitchen was basically all cleaned up for the night, so there wasn't a whole lot to see, but we appreciated the gesture.) Let's get to the food though. We had what I believe is a brand new spring menu (as in I believe it was announced in the last few days). Keep in mind that some of the dishes are way more complicated than I'm able to describe. (3+ hours of eating lol.) Radish with yuzu reduction/gel?: An amuse bouche. It's fine. Oyster: Smoked oyster mousse with some greens. I really liked it, but the boyf did not, and he loves oysters. Popcorn: This was so great. Popcorn gelato, cheddar powder, cheese frico. LOVE. Pea: One of my favorites! Pea broth with jamon iberico (omg yesssss), lavender, crispy shallots, some flowers etc. Amazing.  Lobster: Also a favorite. Beautiful butter poached lobster with a lobster butter type sauce, tarragon, lemon gel, lobster gelee, and a small piece of lobster sausage. LOVE. Crawfish: Okay, but not my favorite. Crawfish tails and a tiny piece of frog leg in a sort of creole crawfish emulsion with dianthus and other foliage. Sauce was too salty, greens were too aggressive. It tasted like eating something from the garden that you shouldn't eat...like the bitter taste is supposed to be a warning not to eat it lol. (Just a note, I did get really sick of eating flowers on basically every dish. I know this is supposed to be a spring menu, but enough already.) Carbonara: I really loved this. Deconstructed carbonara. Pappardelle pasta, parmesan and cream sauce, guanciale (cheek bacon...ommm nom nommmmmm), parmesan-flavored "egg shell," and an egg yolk. Mom and boyf didn't like it, but neither one likes soft eggs.  Foie: Okay, yell at me if you want, but I really didn't enjoy this at all. In fact, it was one of my least favorite dishes. Szechuan braised foie gras over tiny diced mushrooms, asparagus, and scallions with a cherry thyme gel. Sounds great. Didn't like it at all. The texture of the foie was really not enjoyable. It kind of tasted like eating albumen or something (that white goop that seeps out of salmon or pork, etc., when you cook it too fast. Just not pleasant.) The boyf and I both were not fans, but my parents both liked it. Intermezzo - (not on the menu, but a palate cleanser basically like a sorbet) Blood orange "popsicle." Meh, fine. Crab: Really, really good. It's also beautiful. Piece of king crab with artichoke puree (I think?) mustard, mussel gel, dill, and leek chips. (And some other stuff I can't remember.) Redfish: My absolute favorite! Amazing piece of redfish with flake salt over what I believe was a pomme puree with ramps, roasted tomatoes, capers, caperberry, etc. So beautiful. Jidori: Half good, half bad. A sous vide piece of Jidori chicken breast (the skin still on, which is kind of not the best with sous vide, but the taste of the chicken was great), confit leg and thigh in aspic (awesome), chicken liver mousse (really good), vidalia, etc.  But the sauces...no me gusta. Blueberry gastrique, and some other stuff I can't remember, but it was really sour and bitter and just generally tasted gross together. Blech.  (Now start the dessert courses) Cheese: OMG, my favorite dessert. The first of three gelatos. I can't remember what kind of cheese was used in this one, but it was a triple cream. The gelato was over peanut puree and a bit of jelly (couldn't hear what kind), and crispy something (again, couldn't hear what it was, but it was effing awesome). E.V.O.O.: Really interesting. I first took a bite of the olive oil gelato, and it was interesting, but not necessarily something I'd want to eat a lot of. BUT, then I tried it with the almond cake, and it was awesome! Milk: "Milk" gelato with chocolate "shortbread," crumbled oreos and oreo cream pure. Pretty great. Doughnut: Really interesting and tasty. You get an espresso cup with a piece of espresso gelee in it (and perhaps chocolate powder?), and then you add a hot "doughnut cream," which is like a really nice custard that tastes like funnel cake. Really cool, and a nice little finish to the meal.
