I am not a big fan of tapas as i am always left pretty hungry and this was no exception. I had friends visiting and after tearing into some sausage from Hot Doug's earlier, they decided tapas was a good idea. I heard good things from friends, but I was very disappointed in my meal. Food was good, sometimes great, but not enough moments of greatness. Service was seriously lacking. It was a busy night, but doesn't give them a pass for the sometimes lousy service. When we arrived we were told there was a 45 minute wait. No problem, my friends wanted to sit in the lounge anyways because it was more private and secluded. Sure enough, it was so secluded a server never showed up. We waited 20 minutes and asked twice for a server but got nothing. My friend got up and asked the hostess, who was very gracious and apologized, and then suddenly a table was open for us in the main area. Funny how this works. Other comments about the flatbreads are right, they are very good. The porcini and catalan sausage was quite tasty. Other selections - braised rabbit pasta - i think this was my favorite in terms of flavor, but the portion was small slow-cooked shortribs and diver scallops - i was disappointed in this, the meat was a little rough and lacking. The scallops were ok, not enough to save the dish though. patatas bravas - spicy potatoes were flavorful, but not spicy paella - it took almost an hour for the paella to come out. In fact we ordered the potatoes after the other dishes came out, and even that came out before the paella! For that long of a wait it better have been the greatest paella ever, but alas it was mediocre. When finished we asked the waiter for dessert menus. 15 minutes later, nothing. We flagged down a busser to retrieve menus, and he got them quickly. We ordered the chocolate croquettes with banana marshmallows. Pretty flat and disappointing, but it is a dish to try.  It was pretty busy for a Thursday night, but the service misfires were too much to overcome. I hope others had a better experience than I did. Skip.
