I recently traveled to Chicago on a business trip with a few co-workers. One night on the trip we were all in the mood for some burgers, so we turned to our trusty friend, google and told him to find us the "best burger in chicago". After scrolling through the results, we found a link to CitySearch Best Chicago Burger 2010. Naturally, I followed the link and lo and behold, there was Lockdown Bar & Grill beckoning us into its presence. After looking over the website and reading a few reviews, we decided that would give it a try, and I am so glad we did. We had a blast! Lockdown is really a cool place, with a fun atmosphere, and I thought the whole jail house theme was pretty cool and unique. We started our meal off with the Prison Yard and the Prison Shank, mussels and steak skewers respectively. I thought the names were pretty funny and creative, especially the Juvenile Delinquents (appetizers haha). Anyways the appetizers we ordered were quite tasty we polished them off pretty quickly. Since it was Friday, we decided to wash things down with their drink special of the day, which was 5$ Old Style and a shot of Jameson which is a pretty good deal. We definitely came back for seconds! For an entree I decided to try the Fat Elvis. I'm going to leave the ingredients as a surprise for you to find out once you get there, but let me just say it was surprisingly amazing, definitely on my list of top 5 burgers of all time! One of my co-workers ordered the Build your Own Mac and Cheese, and really enjoyed it. He really liked the freedom to make the dish his own, and appreciated the variety of ingredients to choose from. As far as service goes, I have no complaints. The staff was very attentive making sure our drinks were full and our needs attended to. What I particularly liked was the down to earth personalities everyone had. When discussing with the waitress what to order, I felt as if I was talking it over with a good friend of mine, not a server I had just met; she was a real cool chick.  All in all, Lockdown, was a really fun time, serving up some of the best burgers I have ever had, with great service, friendly staff, and a laid back atmosphere. Definitely a good decision for a little unwind time on our otherwise boring trip.
