I'm learning so much about tendons...  Soup always sounds good to me in cold weather like this, so I looked through the soup section and thought beef short rib soup sounded delicious. The waitress kept speaking to me in Korean and just kept repeating herself when I didn't understand. Maybe if she said it one more time, it'll click. I was trying really hard to channel my ancestors to help me out in case one may have known the language. No dice. I pointed to what I wanted on the menu and thought we were good to go.  When the soup arrived, I was quite skeptical that it was short rib. There were semi-transparent gelatinous morsels floating around in the broth as I stirred it. Okay...I thought...maybe this is Korean style short rib.  Not what I was expecting. I ate it.  It was interesting. Halfway through my meal, I was able to signal a waitress over to ask what was in the soup, specifically the morsels. She proceeded to rub her rib cage and nodded when I said ribs? Still not convinced, I was determined to get to the bottom of this. I went on Yelp when I got home to see if anyone has reviewed the beef short rib soup. There was a brief mention in one review, but in a positive light, so surely it couldn't be this soup I got. I looked up pictures and it certainly not what I ate. Finally, I tracked down the menu and saw that right above the short rib was the beef tendon soup.  Geeze, I felt like a dumbass. TENDONS...of course. I have seen this stuff before...not so up close and personal, but I should have known.  Eeeeeeeeeeew...I ate tendons...*gag* If they hadn't made me eat tendons, they would have earned one more star. The rest of our food was good. The service was terrible! They didn't once fill our water glasses. The table next door had a huge bon fire going with their meat grilling and I could barely see the tendons through the smoke.  This place was packed at 10pm on a Friday night. That's always a good sign, I thought. The restaurant is fairly large, so we got seated right away. We sat in the section were we had to take our shoes off and climbed onto the seating area and stick our legs under the table. That was fun. Not fun enough to block out my tendon experience, though.
