Fantastic up and down! Absolutely tremendous in all facets! My wife took me to Le Colonial for my birthday and it was such a treat. I loved the decor and ambiance in LC, from the trees to the dark wood shutters to the perfect lighting. I did feel like I was dining in another country.  The staff was excellent, from the host to the servers. I must say that our server (I wish we caught his name) was one of the most attentive, kindest and helpful servers we've ever had. He was such a joy to have and went the extra mile. When we sat down we were brought a glass of champagne each and told "happy anniversary." Well, we know this was a mistake as we've only been married three months but we played along! Anyways, that's not why we loved the server, it was more about how he was attentive but not overbearing, and knew how to properly space out the appetizers and entrees we ordered. We started with the oxtail pho (vietnamese soup, sounds like fa) and the server knew we were splitting this and the beignets stuff with shrimp and veggies. The pho came out split for both us and shortly after we finished the beignets came out.  First off, my wife and I both love Vietnamese food and frequent spots on Argyle and Broadway and have had pho many times. But we've never tasted anything so delicious as the oxtail pho. The flavors were well balanced but complex. Rich flavor and great texture with vermicelli noodles and thin tender slices of beef tenderloin that just melted in my mouth. I literally could have 5 bowls of this pho. The beignets were fantastic and a perfect compliment to the pho. The beignets were fried around the shrimp so the tail acted as a sort of handle. The veggies were stuffed inside and the combination with the sweet and sour sauce was really nice. For our entrees we split the mussels (an app) that is cooked in a basic butter cream sauce and the bo sate, which is chunks of filet mignon with sate sacue, yams and string beans. The mussels were great and the basic butter cream sauce provided a great flavor profile. While I was a fan of the mussels I still prefer ordering them from Hopleaf or Purple Pig.  Now, for the bo sate...wow! I've never tasted anything so delicious and well balanced as this dish. The filet was so ultra tender and juicy and the yams and string beans were cooked to perfection. The sate sauce that the meat and veggies were cooked in was complex but no overpowering. There was such a great explosion of flavor but everything was almost subtle. The dish came with white rice which was great for using every bit of sauce left on the plate. Before we get to desert we did have some cocktails. My wife had a martini and a glass of wine (I think...I can't remember now) and I had a Ha Long Fizz which had Hendricks gin, basil, lime, mint and club soda and another cocktail that was great but a little too candy-like for my taste (gin, pomegranate, fruit juice and some other ingredients). So, the desert. I had head that we should try the banana tapioca or the banana wontons but after seeing another couple next to use order the macaroon, we were sold. This was a really great end to a fantastic meal. The macaroon was cut into a large square, topped with Ciao Bella vanilla gelato and drizzled with chocolate. The macaroon was moist, chewy and flavorful and the gelato with chocolate sauce was a nice compliment. I really can't say enough about the overall experience my wife and I had at Le Colonial and can't wait to come back. Not too far a walk form my office, I could be tempted to come for lunch!
