Obligatory Hot Dougs review time. How have I waited four years to try this place? Honestly, the thought of a 45 minute wait to experience Doug Sohn's sausage creations had me mighty skeptical. I picked yesterday, a Thursday, after lunch when I had a free moment to avoid the lines an see if this place was for real. It's FO'REAL! Walk in and prepare yourself for overstimulation. Once inside, you have about a minute to review a wall of encased meat selections ranging different meats, cheeses, styles and preparations -- no easy task if you like just about everything. Want a simple Chicago Dog? You're covered. Andouille sausage more your thing? Get it on. How about an Artichoke-Parmesan Chicken Sausage with Artichoke-Cumin Pure and Marieke Fenugreek Cheese? Hey, it's on special today! Along with about a dozen other zany creations listed on their website, updated daily. Maybe the best ordering approach is to do your research before heading over. Otherwise, you feel like a schmuck when you get to the front of the line with a dumbfounded look on your face, much like I did yesterday. I was fortunate, Hot Dougs isn't just a vast wonderland of encased meat selections, but is also home to one of the friendliest staffs I've encountered. Doug himself takes your order at the counter, and amidst the frenetic pace of order-taking and filling, still takes time to answer questions, show a smile and thank you for stopping in. I threw a few taste preferences at him. Spicy, smoky, cheesy and crispy? He was happy to recommend a spicy pork sausage, soaked in Cherry Coke, grilled to a crisp and topped with provolone and barbecue sauce. "And don't forget," he added, "get your cup and help yourself to free refills." It's silly. Make me some good food, treat me like you're happy I'm here, and I'm sold on you for life. I'm sooo easy. Overstimuli continues at your table. Between the sausage mongering, the hustle and bustle, the soundtrack above is something out of that college rock station overnight show you felt bad-ass listening to. The walls are covered in Elvis merch, signed local celeb photos and shrines to the art of the hot dog. Check out the pictorial history of encased meats. Who knew that Hot Dogs were present at the dawn of humanity, the Roman Empire and during the moon landing?! Funny stuff. Did I mention that my sausage was perfect? Holy crap. Crispy, flavorful and gooey with melted provolone. I didn't get to try the duck fat fries (head up: only served on Friday's and Saturdays), but their everyday fries are delicious, complete with the skins and tasting like they just came out of a back-yard deepfryer! Unreal. I'll be back, if only to creep my way through the expansive menu. We are fortunate to have such creativity in this city. Judging by Doug's daily updates to the menu, this mad scientist of the sausage is still full of ideas.
