I've never had gourmet hot dogs before nor duck fat fries. So I came here for the fries and the experience of why this place is so popular on TV and the locals. I went here with some friends on a Saturday morning at 10:00a and there was a line down the block (doors open at 10:30am!).  I was amazed to see a line forming outside as this place. There's only street parking. As I said before, I wanted to check out this place because I've seen it on a few Food Network shows and heard about their duck fat fries. They only took cash and after 45 mins waiting in line and spending about $50 bucks for 4 dogs, 2 fries n 2 drinks, it was worth the experience with friends:)  After all that waiting in line, you finally meet Doug taking your order by hand. The turn around of placing your order, sitting down and eating, was a pretty impressive system that they got down pat:) No waiting for a table for us:) The place was pretty small maybe sits about 50 ppl? The bath rooms are single men/women. They have a lot of old memorabilia all over the walls. The staff keeps the place clean (I guess due to it's small size) and they were friendly too. And yes, they have AC! They have daily specials of dogs so check online for a list of them, I'd say while you wait in line. We ordered 12 dogs , 2 for each of us 6 people. The popular ones I've listed are as follows: -Hot Doug's B.L.T.-good toppings, fresh so I would get it again! This was a popular dog in our group. -Thai Chicken Sausage with Sriracha Mustard, Sesame-Seaweed Salad and Duck Cracklings-it was OK if you REALLY like Spicy Asian flavors. -Philly Cheesesteak Sausage with Cream Cheese Mustard, Caramelized Onions and Smoked Provolone Cheese-I liked the flavors, onions chopped into little bits.  -Foie Gras and Sauternes Duck Sausage with Truffle Aioli, Foie Gras Mousse and Fleur de Sel-The most expensive dog on the menu $9 bucks, but it was pretty good if you like the creamy texture of the foie gras. -Corn Dog-eh, it's a corn dog. Anything fried is good, LOL! If you get drinks, just order a small as it's free refills if you dine in. And don't forget the DUCK FAT FRIES! One order is good enough to share with two people unless you LOVE "DUCK FAT FRIES" or bag the rest for later munchies! It's crispy, regular size length fries:) The duck flavors gets lost if you start putting Ketchup on it so alternate plain and with ketchup... If you go on their website, http://hotdougs.com/defa. You can even listen to their theme song called "The Theme From Hot Doug's" And yes they sell T-shirts there too. Over all, I'd say go for the experience and try the duck fat friend (Fri-Sat only!)! This way next time you see it on TV you can brag to your friends/family and say yeah I've been there:)
