Oh My Goodness, I don't even know where to start!  We had a group of 10 for my Bacheloretty party dinner on Saturday night and one of my good friends set up dinner at Sapori Trattoria! The owner (or chef, not sure) worked with her to set up a 4-course prix fixe menu that was served family style for $25/person! He let her select the menu and made recommendations to her. They even printed a special menu for me! We started with the Bruschetta, the Crostini di Avocado, and the Calamari Fritti. The Crostini was amazing! The other appetizers were also tasty but the avocado was just spot on. We then had Cesare salad and their specialty salad, the Insalata Stella. Both were excellent but the Stella was a great combination of flavors with the raspberries, apples, provolone cheese and honey mustard. Definitely recommend! Then our main course. We had the Rigatoni Caprese which was excellent and the only thing I can find actually on the website menu. The sauce was very simple but so fresh tasting! We also had a lemon asparagus risotto which was nice and creamy. Our third entree was this chicken stuffed with spinach and cheese (mozzerella?) and topped with a sun-dried tomato & mushroom sauce. The restaurant claimed this was the Chef's special dish and it was delicious! Served with potatoes. I have to admit that at this point my stomach was starting to stage a revolt. But I powered through enough to at least try the desserts. And I'm glad I risked it! Chocolate cake with raspberry sauce - delicious! Tiramisu - nice and creamy and chocolaty and pudding-y. Just what Tiramisu should be! BUT, my favorite by far was the bread pudding. If I'd had any room left I would have focused solely on this dessert. Warm and delicious with the scent and flavor of vanilla topped with a raspberry sauce. It was wonderful! Server was great, attentive without being pushy. Ambiance was nice, I loved the exposed brick and the candles. We had our own little room which was perfect for us! Highly recommend Sapori!!!
