We were like thirteen deep and really wanted to try Davanti Enoteca, so we waited. Ya know, they take no reservations [not to be confused with Anthony Bourdain's show]. It was my girlfriend's birhday, and her heart was set on DE, so we waited for like an hour and a half...at the wine bar across the street...because it was crazy packed inside the restaurant...on a Monday night. Go figure. Lots of hype. [In Yoda voice] But lived it up to the hype, it did. When we got the phone call, yes they'll call when your table is ready, we walked back to DE and sat at this long table. The place was still bumpin', and it was pretty loud. The music, the converstaion. Loud. I couldn't hold a conversation with the people down the table, granted there were thirteen. We took a while to order, but we actually wound up order more as the night went on. If I recall correctly, we ordered five cheeses [selected by our server], bruschette, the burger (x2), risotto carbonara (x2, 1 w/ pancetta & 1 w/out), riccio di mare e granchio (x3 at least!, this was the most popular dish), paccheri con salsiccia e pomodori al forno (x2), pizza d.o.c., pizza della fattoria, pizza con prosciutto e rucola, a a couple bottles of the moscato d'asti (DE rotates two or three types). Lot's of food? I guess it sounds like it, but keep in mind these are small plates that are meant to be shared. Overall, the food was awesome. There wasn't anything that anyone said was not good. I'm definitely interested in the rest of the menu, and I'll be back to try it. The wine was great! Sweet, bubbly. The service was great, though the kitchen did forget a couple items. Our server was on top of everything and made sure we got what we ordered. I kinda felt bad because we were so needy, asking him for lots of different things and ordering more and more food. A few tips? Go with a bunch of people. I mean, there's going to be a wait, so you may as well wait and dine with good company. It also allows for you to try as much as possible on this extensive menu. I got lucky with street parking off of Taylor...but BEWARE OF PERMIT PARKING SIGNS!! Come back for a followup visit. It'll [probably] be worth it.
