I was definitely hyping Sunda up waaay too much in my head. It has been at the top of the list of "Places I Want to Go" for quite some time now.... and it was just....ok. Don't get me wrong; the restaurant is gorgeous inside.... decor is unbelievably well done and they whole place is quite the trendy scene. Our meal was really the "just ok" part. It's a bit perplexing to me that Sunda encourages a "shared plates" style of dining. Most of their main dishes do not lend themselves to a tapas type meal. Obviously, the "appetizer" type plates and the sushi rolls are great for sharing (duh); however, the main dishes and choices from the grill are plated as an entree for one person. Starting with drinks.... definitely one of the better Saketinis in town. Muddled with cucumber and was unbelievably smooth. Yum. 1 more, please. My friend had their espresso martini and loved it; I loathe espresso martinis so I didn't sample. A fun drink list overall. We ordered the lemongrass beef lollipops, the duck baos, the atlantic salmon "bundles", and the chilean sea bass with curried cauliflower puree...... Lemongrass Beef Lollipops - by far the highlight of the meal. Almost ordered another plate of them. These are the only thing I'd specifically go back to Sunda for, they are that good. Seasoned so well they don't even need the dipping sauce that is served alongside. Duck Baos - They are good, but I also love Baos. I wouldn't order this again; I can get the exact same thing at Wow Bao. Atlantic Salmon Bundles - Meh. Bland. The salmon itself was fresh and tasty, but the crab salad in the middle of the bundles had zero flavor. Skip it. Chilean Sea Bass with curried cauliflower puree - Very good, but again, was absolutely not plated to be a shared dish. A big, beautiful piece of fish, pan roasted to perfection. The cauliflower side dish was a really nice accompaniment. The flavors were all there and the fish was quite perfectly cooked, it was honestly just hard to eat as a shared plate. Server was fine; frankly the 7 other people that stopped by our table asking how the meal was were nicer and more courteous than our server. If I make it back to Sunda, I would probably try to come with a larger group. It's really a "night out" kind of place that would be a fun group meal.
