It's taking all the energy I can muster to Yelp this place instead of falling asleep at my desk from food-overload. I think I may have just eaten 3 whole cows and 15 pineapples. My boss is awesome for taking us here. My roommate warned me before I went - she said skip the salad bar and just wait for the meat. I don't follow directions very well, and there were lots of delicious treats at the salad bar...I couldn't pass up a trip. The apple salad is phenomenal, there are so many giant (and beautiful!) veggies, and they have all of the ingredients for making your own little caprese salad (or just eat a bunch of mozzarella balls). Post-salad, my coworkers and I munched on fried bananas, polenta, and little fried rolls/puffs of bread while we sipped on champagne. We decided it was time to turn our little buttons over to the orange "go" side, and the meat just started showing up. I tried every red meat available, the chicken, and the pineapple. I'm not really a pork person, but my coworkers loved the parmesan-crusted pork. I think the flank steak and the sirloin won out for best flavor, but everything was delicious. And pineapple goes with more things than you'd ever expect! The server places a small boat of sauces on the table, and I had a hard time deciding whether to use them - the meats are very tasty by themselves, but the sauces aren't so overwhelming, and they complement the meat nicely. The servers are excellent. They can spot a turned-over button from anywhere in the restaurant, and you will not have an empty plate if you don't want to. The guy with the flank steak is SO HAPPY to give you flank steak. He'll tell you every time that it's his favorite. Seriously, it made me happy FOR him that he got to be the flank steak guy, because he was just so into it, and then I ended up getting about 4 lbs of flank steak. The pineapple guy is great, too. He figured out that I was the one at our table that was going to get pineapple every time, even if my button was turned down, and he cracked a joke about getting me some pineapple to go. I don't actually know how I had room for dessert, but I guess my stomach just put up a white flag about 20 minutes in and didn't care how long I was going to keep going. The mango mousse is tasty but light, and it's got pretty pink stripes on the side (I think that was the deciding factor, actually). So yeah, I'm a lot heavier this afternoon than I was before lunch, but it's completely ok. I probably don't even need to eat dinner tonight!
