I'm reviewing this WAY too late to remember the finer details, but figure I'd chip in my two cents. I called in reservations about a month early, so not sure how hard it is to normally get reservations for a Thursday night. They called to confirm the reservations the day before, which is always a nice touch. The restaurant was kind of hard to find, and once we got in the door, seemed like a dead end. Then the door to the left slid open, which was a really nice touch. Everyone was really friendly and we were seated in the usual fancy restaurant manner with the table being pulled out and all that. We had the smaller menu, which was MORE than enough food. Everything was certainly quite good, it seemed like some of it was more for the sake of presentation than flavor. Every course was served by a different waiter, which was a little distracting, but as a result, the waiters were able to expertly explain what each dish was and how to eat it (and for some of the dishes you really need the explanation!). There were also matching breads for all the salty dishes. The butter-themed dish was my favorite, followed by hot/cold potato. The desserts were all good, but I didn't have much appetite left by then. I suppose if you want to enjoy these, you better skip on some of the breads. The service was amazingly attentive and paid a lot of attention to detail. We just had hot water with our meal, and the waiter made sure to keep pouring in more hot water to maintain the right temperature. The decor was simple, and the tables were spaced far enough apart that you couldn't really hear the other tables. However, that doesn't really mean that the place was quiet, as there is still a low hum. My final verdict is that it's a place you HAVE to try once (if you have the budget) if you're in Chicago, and probably only once. Save it for a nice occasion. It'll totally be worth it. Side note: It was raining cats and dogs that night, so I autopilot locked my keys in the car. The valet came in after us and asked if I had the key. Nope... I told them to just call the locksmith, but later on found out that the valet had his own set of tools. No damage to the lock, so I gave him a handsome tip. However, makes you wonder how many people end up in this situation...
