Friday night we went to Schwa. Schwa is a small store front restaurant on Ashland just south of North Ave. From the outside it looks closed down. Upon entering you are greeted by the four chefs as the seat you at on of the 8 tables. Very small and very intimate. There is an open kitchen so you can see most of the prep taking place. The food was phenomenal. There was a choice of a three course meal but we went with the nine course digustation; it tuned out to be 10 or 11 courses. They started us out with the amuse which was a play on the puerto rican jibaro sandwich, it was a tiny sandwich of peaky toe crab in plantain "bread". The sweetness of the plantain work amazingly well with the crab. Second coarse was a beet risotto with some funky cave aged cheese. Very good. Next was a pea soup. You get a shooter of pea soup accompanied with peas, menthol foam and black garlic. The black garlic looked like dark chocolate smeared on the plate and was incredibly tasty. Chef Michael Carlson told us that one person in the world makes this by fermenting the garlic for 60 days. Then we were served two cauliflower tortellinis in a cocoa broth with cocoa nibs. The aroma was all coco but the flavor was wonderfully cauliflower. Then we got his signature quail egg yolk and smoked mozzarella ravioli with aged parmigiana; unbelievably good. Next was a round layering of polenta, shad roe, meyer lemon and coffee gelatin. Some wild flavors here which worked well together. Next was butter poached lobster served with persimmons. Wonderfully tender. Then we got a chicken liver pate coated with tamarind served in a beer broth. Very livery and very rich. Then the last savory dish was a layering of duck with Brussels sprouts dusted with cocoa. The duck was the perfect balance of meat, skin and fat. Next we got a cheese dish which was a bowl or creamy cheese served with a spoonful of honey powder. What a wonderful way to segway from savory to sweet. The first dessert was parsnip custard, homemade peanut brittle and candied sweet breads. You need to have a serious sense of adventure to use thymus glands in a dessert. Then the last course was a red sorbet (not sure of the flavor at this point) served on a great cone and a few drops of bacon juice over the top. Overall it was on the greatest meals in my life. Only Charlie Trotter can match the detail and intensity of Schwa's food. Add to that the atmosphere of feeling like you were invited over to your stoner chef buddy apartment for a meal to end all meals and Schwa become the ultimate dinning experience. Carlson achieves pairing impeccable food with a casual setting by splitting his time being in the dinning room joking with his guests, spinning music, and chugging wine. Schwa is completely in a class of it's own. Plus it is about half the price of Trotter when you consider it is BYOB. I love this place.
