Truly a meat-lover's paradise complete with a tempting variety of meats, a surprising selection of unique treats all along the salad bar, and exceptional service. While you're supposed to save room for all the meat, the salad bar is not to be missed as far as I'm concerned. Really, "salad bar" is such a pathetic term for it because this is likely nothing even close to what the average person would think of when they hear the term. Sure, they have salad, but even it has some unique offerings and overall is a very small fraction of what's offered. Black beans, buttery rice, scalloped potatoes, lobster bisque, cod with red peppers and cilantro, a variety of cheeses including a goat cheese terrine and Grana Padano, cippolini onions, quinoa and orzo salads, maki rolls, roasted vegetables like bell peppers and zucchini, salami and prosciutto--and that's just what I can remember, which is about half of the total selection. The meats are wonderful albeit a bit on the salty side depending on your taste--some more so than others (I thought the pork roast was the saltiest and had trouble finishing my piece because of it). If you're a beef lover, you're in for a treat but the pork ribs, lamb and sausages are so good you'll be missing out if you turn your nose up at them. I don't even know why TdB even bothers with the coin system they use because the gauchos are just as likely to offer their meat regardless of which way your coin is flipped. And while I'm sure you'll want to leave room for all the meat, don't forget to try the mashed potatoes and cinnamon sugar plantains to cleanse your palate between offerings--the plantains alone were addicting. The service is so exceptional that it's really a bit too much for me. Maybe it was because I was seated at a table of 8 or because of where we were sitting, but the servers were constantly hovering around one of us. I think I had at least 3 offers for ground black pepper when I came back from the salad bar, each from a bigger grinder than the last. Walk away and come back to your napkin neatly tented on the table. A sip or two from your water glass and it's topped off. If a gaucho was nearby, I was offered whatever they were carrying even if my coin was flipped to red (which was more often than not). Everyone was incredibly nice but, seriously, let me eat in peace for more than a few minutes without repeatedly being interrupted to say "no thank you"! The only reason I give this 4 stars is because it's my first churrascaria experience so I have nothing to compare it to. I thoroughly enjoyed my experience, though!
