Oh Longman & Eagle, you have seriously swept me off my feet and I am still dreaming of you and your amazing food. It was definitely love at first bite. We arrived on Saturday about 5:50 PM and were greeted with a very busy restaurant, and quoted about 2 hours. We were definitely prepared for this. We snaked our way around the bar to try and position ourselves in the best spot to grab 2 seats if some should become available. With quick thinking, we only had to wait about 10 minutes for 2 seats to open up! We high fived and settled in for our long wait. The bartenders were amazing. We sampled many different cocktails, had a bottle of wine, more cocktails and a few apps. We tried the meatballs, which were delicious, the cheese board, which was ample for 2 people, the sweetbreads, which were covered in a buffalo sauce (you cant go wrong there) and the pretzel. All very good. I had no idea what was to come. We were finally seated and the ordering continued. We were on a mission. We wanted to try as much as possible! We had the Bone Morrow, so succulent and delicious. We had the Pigs Face, we were ohhing and ahhing during this one...no words. We had the Foie Gras, just as delicious as one would expect, and our last small plate was the main lobster with sea urchin and a black pasta. This was by far the best lobster dish I have ever tasted. It was perfect...absolutely perfect. We moved on to the entree's, we had the Cauliflower, Lamb, Pork Belly and Striped bass with Prawns. My favorites were the Cauliflower and Pork Belly. I am not a huge Lamb eater, but everyone loved it. The Striped bass just couldnt compete with the lobster I had just eaten, so not a fair battle in my opinion. The fish was cooked perfectly as were the prawns, but that lobster was still on my mind. We couldnt leave without having dessert of course. We had the donuts, cooked in beef fat with cheese inside and a chocolate dessert. I was partial to the donuts. They were cooked in beef fat. I walked out there on such a food high. I obviously knew this place was going to be delicious, but I didnt realize it was knock me off my feet delicious. I can not wait to go back. I find myself day dreaming about the food and the awesome time we had there. It's everything a restaurant should strive to be. Well executed food at a very reasonable price and a staff that makes your experience that much better. I love you Longman & Eagle and I cant wait to see you again!
