I have been dying to make it over to the Publican. An opportunity finally presented itself for a friend's birthday, so off we went.  We dined on a Sunday evening, which is an interesting night at the Publican. They have a pre-set, family style menu that runs $45 a person. There was an appetizer course, a cheese course, a meat course, and a dessert course. You also get a complimentary beer. There is also an add-on menu that has a few of the dishes on their regular menu, but it's not a huge selection.  We started out with a plate of meats, headcheeses, and sausages for an appetizer. This was one of the highlights of the meal - the meats were all smoky and delicious. When I thought of headcheese, I thought of the rubbery gross stuff served at the deli at Jewel. Not here, though. It was light and delicious and not at all rubbery like I remembered. We also had a side of frites, which were delicious - crispy and served with a nummy aioli.  For the appetizer course, we had a duck liver bruschetta. I thought it was going to be like a pate, but the plump little livers were actually served on toast with greens. And man, were they good. This was the course I was most weary of going in (as I'm not a big pate person), but man, was it yummy. The cheese course was a ricotta cheese served almost like a flan. This fell flat for everyone at the table - it wasn't really flavorful at all.  The meat course was a guinea hen with crawfish that was really, really good. The hen was cooked perfectly and was so incredibly flavorful.  The dessert course was chocolate gelato with bacon brioche. This was my least favorite dish - the bacon brioche just really didn't do it for any of us. It just tasted like smoky, burned toast.  The other big thing that bugged me was the portion sizes. For $45 a person, I don't think I should be leaving and still be hungry, but I was. I'm not a big "ZOMG MY MEAL MUST BE HUGE!" type, but the portions were just tiny.  The beer selection was wonderful, and service was impeccable. I think I'd like to go back on a nite when they didn't have the pre-set dinner and try something on the everyday menu. There's a lot of potential, but it just didn't really hit the spot for me this time - especially at the price point it was at.
