i wouldn't waste my time contributing another review when there's over a 1000, but just have to let my dear chicagoans know. the food was good. boudin blanc and duck hearts, excellent. atmosphere was good, albeit too loud-- i had to SHOUT!! to the ppl sitting next to and across from me. the bar set up makes the restaurant seem lively and crowded, but also makes it difficult to walk around and find your server, which brings me to the purpose of writing this review: service was appalling. after our server sat us down, we never saw her again- we didn't even know her name until i asked for it at the end of the night. despite the fact that we had a large party.  we waited about 30 minutes AFTER we were all ready to order for someone to come and take our orders-- and since then, and throughout the night, i signaled, motioned, and yelled at every passing server to get their attention but i was never even noticed. i don't think they are understaffed bc there are a lot of employees running around. but i guess that's the issue-- that they are running around and too busy to serve. eventually i realized that NO ONE is ever coming to us first. it's going to have to be me chasing after them in order to ask for something. since then i was getting up to ask for -- another menu, for someone to come take our order, for bread-- which we asked for several times and kept getting snubbed-- about BREAD! -- for another seat-- which we had to ask for because they gave us 1 less chair than we reserved for. and of course, the chair never came.  but we had a constant flow non-english speaking (? we would assume bc they couldn't seem to understand us, or maybe the restaurant was so loud that they couldn't- wouldn't?- listen) servers faithfully filling our waters and whisking away our plates before we were finished. i got so fed up that i grabbed a bartender/ server and blurted out all of this and he was very understanding and accommodating. after that, our server started stopping by our table and we finally got enough bread for everyone to have one slice.  but that was at the end of the night and nothing could take back such a frustrating and rude night.  service was bad. my group was frustrated. and after i left the restaurant i felt bad for having been rude. so to sum it up, everyone had a bad time at the publican that night. i would recommend to come here for drinks and get a plate or two. but i would not recommend coming here for dinner or with a group of friends and certainly not to celebrate an occasion. but there are plenty of good restaurants in chicago with food at least this good, so i wouldn't go through all the trouble to go to a restaurant just because it's well known and has over 1000 yelp reviews.
