This was the very, very last place I ate on my trip to Chicago and it was a solid finish to an amazing food-filled weekend. I am a big fan of the tapas trend because it allows me to try lots of different flavors without being too full to roll myself onto an airplane. The Purple Pig does tapas well and has some very interesting dishes on the menu. My absolute favorite was the fried manchego. I love manchego and have never seen it served this way before. The little bites were incredibly rich and flavorful and complemented very nicely by what I think was quince jam. They would be a great bar snack! I also tried two of the "smears" - the roasted bone marrow and the feta with cucumber. I have never had bone marrow and was not sure what to expect. The portion was generous and the marrow gave a rich flavor to the generous portion of bread. I enjoyed the feta with cucumber more - it was light and bright and very seasonal. I asked my server to recommend one additional plate as I wasn't sure what to order and didn't want to end my trip on a sour note. He suggested the chicken thigh kebabs as a popular option. I don't usually like dark meat, but I'm glad I went with this - the chicken was juicy and flavorful and served with an incredible tzatziki sauce. The smashed potatoes were not boring at all. All in all, I feel like I got a nice variety of flavors for a reasonable price. They lose one star for service. Our waiter was inattentive and obnoxiously pretentious when he deigned to stop by our table. He was also unhelpful - not able to answer specific questions about the menu or provide more general guidance. I noted above that he told me the kebabs were a "popular" option, but I asked him specifically to recommend either something that was very good or something that he himself personally would choose. I don't want to know what "everyone" orders, sometimes "everybody" is stupid. I ask what my servers order because they usually are familiar with the food and can speak to things that they've particularly enjoyed. You work in a restaurant and you can't pick one thing off the menu that you like?! Hie thee to corporate America, kiddo, there's tons of unemployed food-loving hipsters out there who will happily take your job and wax rhapsodic about the finer points of charcuterie.
