"ughhhhhhhhh" that's the sound I make when I'm super full and satisfied, and after leaving Shaw's that exactly what sound I was making. My aunt and I decided to have a nice lunch together today and decided to go to Shaw's. I had never been to this place before but my aunt spoke highly of it. It's pretty upscale and the professional crowd definitely are the majority in this restaurant but the service and the food was above and beyond my expectations. The only problem with Shaw's is the parking, if you go during dinner time you may find yourself in a bit of a pickle if you don't want to go via valet or a garage. But during the time we went (around 1 pm) meter parking was easy and service was so fast we were only there for an hour. So my first impressions: 1. The place was packed! You wouldn't of thought so by just passing by the restaurant but it was! A ton of people were having lunch. 2. I loved the decor, very much of a sail boat/fishing feel, there was a huge atleast 8 foot model of a swordfish hanging on the main dining area wall, there were hooks, nets, and spears on the walls. It was all done tastefully. 3. I thought the portions looked pretty big. 4. My only real complaint, some of the bread was super SALTY. I'm not a fan of overly salty bread, but there was a selection of different ones, but eh half of them were salty. So the meal: DELICIOUS! I opted to go with the daily special which I couldn't help myself it was alaskan king crab legs that came with your choice of a small ceasar salad or choice of the daily cup of soup. And it also came with dessert, a mini key lime pie! The salad was really fresh and they dressing was flavorful. The crab legs stuffed me, and I thought they wouldn't! They were steamed to perfection and the butter served made the crab more succulent. The key lime pie was great and perfectly cleansed my palate. I really like this place and would highly recommend it to anyone that had a craving for crab legs or seafood. It is kind of pricey so I wouldn't suggest this as an everyday eatery, unless you were Oprah or Bill Gates...
