This hotel is fantastic for a traveler there on Business or a couple who is planning on being out site seeing most of the day. Yes, the rooms are small, but they are efficient. I have stayed in much smaller rooms. The room didn't feel cramped at all. We booked a room in the River Hotel(floors 3-10) but we got a room in the Club Quarters(11 and up). Since it was as described, I imagine it was the same accommodations I could expect from the River Hotel, just with a better view. Everyone we spoke to was very nice, and accommodating. There is no Iron in the room, but there is one available on one of the other floors. There are water bottles available that you can fill up, which was fantastic. We ended up getting them for my parents too, because water at their hotel was $8. We didn't get a chance to eat in the restaurant, but it looked very nice, and is highly rated. The outdoor tables are super cute. I think the best thing about this hotel though is the location. It's right on the Chicago River near Michigan Avenue. There is so much that is within walking distance. It is also super close to L stops. The closest one is State/Lake, which has the Red line, and a couple others. A block up at Clark/Lake is the Blue Line that will take you to/from O'Hare. It's easy walking distance to the Magnificent Mile, State St, the Art Institute. There are also easy buses to Lincoln Park Zoo and Navy Pier. There is a Corner Bakery Cafe located right next door too for a cheap, good breakfast, or a lite snack. I also felt very safe at this hotel, after midnight you have to be buzzed in, you also have to use your key to access the Elevator. Apparently this is a Historic Building also. At one time, briefly, it was the tallest Building in Chicago, it is also considering the skinniest Sky Scraper in Chicago. It's a beautiful building! If you are someone who is looking for a small, nice, efficient room close to everything, this place is perfect for you. If you are looking for a big, luxurious room with all sorts of amenities, this place probably isn't for you. Considering its about $75 less a night than most of the surrounding hotels though, it's a fantastic deal! I would definitely stay here again.
