As you step into this establishment after your long wait in line, you begin to understand the love and pride the owner has lavished on his premises. The decorations - from the wall detailing the history of encased meats to the wienerized "American Gothic" mural in the woman's bathroom - are eclectic but all paying homage to almighty and adored encased meats. Even there is a considerable line up outside, Doug himself always makes a point of greeting each customer with the same care, energy, enthusiasm as he does for the one prior which is no small feat. He even recognizes the people before us who came the day before for the first time and banters with them as they place their order for the day. He never batted an eye at our mildly insane order of 3 hot dogs each with duck fries on top of that. Seating is plentiful surprisingly given the long line-up around the restaurant so you can relax inside or out in the patio around the corner of the restaurant. 1)Antelope Sausage with Berry-Cherry-Rum Sauce and Sartori Raspberry Cheese - my personal favorite - the rich rum sauce combined with the sweetness of the fruit and meat mixed with a little sharpness of cheese... you can taste the love. 2) Cognac-Infused Lamb and Pork Sausage with Spinach Raita and Pecorino Pepato Cheese - a little disappointing. Not enough lamb flavour in the sausage, personally. The raita is a bit bland. Would have been better if it was a lamb sausage with garlic spinach yogurt sauce or something. 3) Foie Gras and Sauternes Duck Sausage with Truffle Aioli, Foie Gras Mousse and Sel Gris - the king of them all - The foie matched well with the truffled aioli and sausage. Delicious, luxurious - yes... it is as good as all the hype and well worth the wait. My fiance loved this dog! 4) Swiss Cheese Smoked Knackwurst with Smoked Paprika Mayonnaise and Smoked Provolone Cheese - Smoky, earthy matches well with the paprika. Was definitely burping up the smoky flavor many hours after ingestion. 5) The Chicago Dog - classical preparation - delicious - sweet, salty, crunchy. Delectable and less than $2 - a much better deal and better tasting than the dogs you get on the street venders (who charge you $3.50). 6) Elk sausage 7) Duck fat fries (available only Fri/Sat) - not enough duck fat to really get the flavor into the fries. Who cares though - really - the fries are secondary to the real focus here which is the encased meats. So for those of you thinking about braving the 1.5-2hour wait, know that there is a wait here for a very good reason - the food is excellent, the atmosphere is warm and the service is friendly.
