At 343 reviews, my review is likely to be read only by my friends/followers. So let me tell you, friends, that I implore you to book a flight to Chicago just to eat at The Publican. (Unless you live a pork-free lifestyle--then you should stay away.) One of the best meals I've enjoyed in a while. Certainly the best meal I had during my stay in Chicago. Despite my apprehension as a Jersey girl who grew up on pork-roll-and-egg sandwiches, I ordered just that when I learned it was house-made. Simply delicious, with that good pork roll tang. The house pickle chips were also delicious. Even the egg was special. Somehow, they made a sunny side up egg that didn't have a runny white. And the frites--oh, the frites! so good and fresh and crispy and better than any home fries I could have imagined. We all shared, so I tried the excellent and flaky scone and the moist, flavorful prune coffee cake. The pork confit hash was also a standout and might have beaten my amazing sandwich in the flavor department. The bacon should be named something else, because to call it the same thing as the stuff you get at the supermarket is criminal. It was thick slices of meaty pork belly with a maple glaze that was subtle and not overpowering. I normally avoid bacon, but this was a great pork dish. Intelligentsia coffee was always topped off, and the brown sugar cubes offered were a nice touch. My SO got a bloody mary that was so different and amazing that it was like eating a salad in a glass. There were pickled veggies (nice was to add salty flavor) and some chopped fresh veggies in the mix, with celery bitters instead of a big stalk. The beer served alongside it might be a throwback to the old days, or may be their own invention. Either way, it was an inspired beverage. Service was excellent. Our server heard us waffling about ordering one more thing (pork rinds) and brought them to us gratis because he wanted to be sure we got to try them. Wow. They were attentive but not intrusive, and they let us catch up and chat as long as we liked despite the line for a table. We, of course, went for a walk in order to keep chatting so that more people could enjoy this excellent food.
