I had a WONDERFUL experience at Shaw's saturday night. My dad, sister, bro and I had a last minute hankering for some good seafood... and what do you know, it was my birthday! I was thinking more chinatown seafood, but my dad mentioned Shaw's and I definitely didn't complain. :) We made reservations and got there early, but were seated immediately. Our waiter, Jason, was GREAT. My family asked tons of questions and he was super patient, describing everything in detail and giving us a full and wonderful idea of how things would taste, what we would like, etc. He left no stone unturned. We went with the oyster appetizer (a dozen) sampler to start. My bro was all about the oysters, and my sis had never tried any before. We each enjoyed the oysters, they were SO FRESH and DELICIOUS. It was almost as if I had a really long snake-like tongue and stuck it into the ocean and ate the oysters straight out of the ocean. YES. That fresh. Yum. I ended up ordering scallops, my dad the steamed crab, and my brother the lobster. Since we all shared, my sis ordered the michigan sweet pea/bacon side and it was a perfect finish!... My scallops (I got the butter on the side, and didn't even USE it) were sooo delicious, I'd seriously recommend the sauce on the side, or no sauce at all. They are perfect without it and it's just added fat. My bro's lobster tasted great... but the belle of the ball was my dad's CRAB.  HOLY CRAB! it was good. He had enough to share with all of us, and it was soooo meaty and delicious, and the crab legs were so easy to get meat from. I hate it when you're picking out little slivers of meat from crab legs. They were sooo fresh tasting, I think the best crab I've ever had. After we were all done, and despite our numerous requests and questions for our waiter, my dad complimented him on his amazing knowledge and service... then the waiter said "I'll let you in on a little secret... you guys were my first table here!" we were astonished!! Great job Jason. :) and Shaw's.
