It's hard for me to rate this place. The food was really tasty, but the attitude of one of the servers really turned me off. I went with a friend on a busy Saturday night but didn't have to wait more than 20-25 minutes (yep, we got the early bird...arrived around 5:20ish). Things started off pleasantly enough; we ordered cocktails (which were really great, by the way) and decided to get about 4 items from the tasting menu instead of entrees. Here's a rundown of the food we ordered: The cheese plate was good, but I wish they would have included more cheese that kicked my ass a little bit. Everything was very safe and fairly mild. The marrow bones were great - fatty, delicious goodness. The red onion jam really elevated the dish. The seared scallops were perfectly prepared and the gnocchi with which they were served was very light. The sweetbreads - yum! There was a lot going on with this dish, but it tasted great. So that's the food - 4.5 to 5 stars. Now for the service... Like I said, everything started out well. The first problem occurred once our marrow bones came out. My friend and I were both mixing the red onion jam into the marrow while still in the bone. Our server came over with a "helpful" tip: did you know that marrow bones have holes on both sides? And that everything would work out way better if we were to just push it through out onto our plate and mix it there? And that he has a lot of experience with these sorts of things, so...? The condescension was awesome! Dear server whose name I have already blocked from my memory: a) yes, I'm well aware that marrow bones have holes on either side b) the bone was friggin HOT. I didn't exactly want to pick it up and give myself second degree burns while I scraped all of the fatty goodness out from the inside walls c) i'm glad you have experience eating bone marrow. me too. The second problem happened when I decided to order some bourbon. I like bourbon. I LOVE bourbon. I grew up in KY, where they basically mainline it into you from infancy. When I looked at the menu online before my trip to Chicago, I was outrageously excited to see that they had Pappy Van Winkle 20 and 23 year on their whiskey menu. It's expensive, but I wanted a treat. Unfortunately, they didn't have it on their menu once we arrived. No problem; there were a ton of other awesome things to choose from. I decided on the Van Winkle Special reserve12 year. When I ordered it, I said "Pappy Van Winkle special reserve 12 year" by mistake, just because I had Pappy on my mind. About five minutes go by, and he comes back, asking me to point to the item I wanted on the drink menu, because they don't know what I'm talking about. Keep in mind that there is no Pappy Van Winkle, no Old Rip Van Winkle, no Van Winkle anything else on the menu. By the power of deductive reasoning and all that is logical and good, shouldn't one assume that I ordered the Van Winkle? I get maybe coming back to double check that's what I meant, but to go through the whole "point to it on the menu" and then lecture me about how they're not the same thing (yes - LECTURE ME about how "there are about a million different kinds" of Van Winkle and they're not at all the same) just seems excessive. I like to learn new things about my food and drinks, but I don't like to be talked down to. The best part was when he had to come back and tell me that they didn't have any Van Winkle left. That ruled.  So moral of the Longman & Eagle story: food is good - great, even - but watch out for the awesome condescending servers who obviously know more (and are cooler) than you.
