My family LOVES Chicago style deep dish pizza, but Lou's is still BY FAR our favorite. I'd rate the pizza at Giordano's a 3.5, but I cannot give this location more than 1 star due to the terribly rude and/or incompetent service we received by more than 1 employee (and I am normally a very tolerant person!). I guess since their location is so good and so many of their patrons are tourists, they feel they don't need to worry about providing a pleasant experience and good customer service or treating people with respect, as they probably get enough volume to be profitable!We were there in the afternoon between the lunch and dinner rush, so hardly any customers were there. We were hoping for a couple slices to go just to get a taste, but since they didn't sell slices, we ordered a small plain cheese pizza. I right away got the impression that something seemed off...the employees did not cheerfully greet us and seemed to have a bit of an attitude when we placed our order. They were not directly rude then, but just didn't show any hospitality or smile. Once we paid, they said it would take 30 - 35 minutes, which we had not realized. So we decided to see if we could get a table and order some drinks while we waited.Though the restaurant was pretty much empty, they told us we could not sit down because we had already ordered our pizza carryout. We asked if we could change to dine in then, and they said no...that it would be too complicated because we had already paid. While this made no sense to us whatsoever, as they could have just done a separate dine in bill for our drinks (and we would have still tipped on the carryout part too because we are nice and decent people!), the manager did at least allow us to go sit by the bar in the room next to the carryout counter and said we could eat there and order drinks from the bar. In the bar room, there was not comfortable seating for all of us to sit together, but we managed to squeeze into a couple separate tiny tables and didn't push the issue...a couple of us just got a beer while waiting. We ended up waiting over 50 minutes for our small pizza, received no apologies for the delay, and no one checked on us the entire time we waited to see if we needed anything else. None of this was a big deal in and of itself, but compounded with everything else, just made for an overall negative experience. We figured we would just use our paper plates we got with the take-out (since they were not willing to give us real plates and silverware), clean up our own mess, and be on our way. Next thing we knew, one of the carryout employees walked over and extremely rudely told us we could not eat there because we had gotten carryout. We were midway through eating and were going to be done in less than 5 minutes, and we told her the manager had told us we could eat there, as he wouldn't allow us to change to dine in. We also pointed out that even employees were eating in there on their breaks, as well as a couple other guests. Rather than apologizing at that point, she kept insisting that we could not eat there and that we would have to ask the bartender if it was OK to do so. How humiliating it was to be treated like this!Since the experience was still bothering all of us, we decided not to make a huge deal out of it, but wanted to at least speak to a manager and let them know what had happened and how it had made us feel. When the manager from carryout came over to us, I made an effort to be extremely polite and complimented their pizza. I then went on to tell him about our experience that had then led up to this employee treating us so rudely. I apologized for even calling him over to us and said that we just wanted to voice our concerns, so they were aware. Instead of apologizing, this manager was very nonchalant and backed up his employee by saying she was actually correct and was doing what she was trained to, as only "dine in" people can eat at the bar or restaurant. I told him regardless, there was no need for her to be so rude to us and make us feel so unwelcome. I also told him that when we tried to switch to officially be "dine in" per their "rules," we were told we could not because we had already paid. The manager just said that is the policy rather than identifying with us at all. The main point is that those "policies" are all logistics on the side of the restaurant. What difference does it make if we are dine in or carry out, if we paid or didn't pay yet, etc., for the actual physical use of a table when a restaurant is mostly empty? Starbucks and book stores allow people who order one drink (or even nothing!) to sit at a table for hours and hours, even when they are busy! Unfortunately, though the manager at least listened to us and was not rude per se, he didn't do a good job at all of addressing our concerns or think outside the box and take the common sense approach to try and understand and make us feel like valued customers.
