OK. About 15 minutes ago, I was all sorts of ready to write a 2-star review for Irazu. Yes, fans...you heard that right. 2 stars. And here's why... A dozen of us were looking to check in on the hype surrounding this place, and decided to head on down to Bucktown for Saturday dinner. Because we're courteous diners, we made a reservation for 7pm. We were sternly warned; were we to be late or not have our entire party present at 7pm on the dot, we would lose our table.  Rules is rules, so we gathered the troops and were there at quarter to 7.  Since we were early, we expected a little bit of a wait. So we waited....and waited...and waited...and waited... And waited. We waited for nearly an hour. The hostess told us, oh, about every 20 minutes that our table would be ready soon...she was just waiting for the people there to finish up. That they had been there for two hours and she expected them to leave any minute. That she had taken away their plates and water and she expected them to leave any minute...but that, under no circumstances, could she tell them that there was another party that had reserved the table (Heavens! Imagine turning a table on a busy Saturday night!). Finally...finally...the table cleared. At this point, totally ravenous with hunger, we sat down.  With the exception of having to ask 3 times for wine glasses (they had run out, apparently) we were served quickly.  The food was delicious! I had the chicken mixed with rice (spicy) and everything was moist and flavorful. When the bill arrived, we were slightly surprised that none of the appetizers had be comped as a gesture of goodwill. It's not the biggest deal, but getting a free guacamole would have cost them nothing and gone a long way towards any one of us wanting to visit Irazu on a weekend again. We all left shaking our heads..."never again" we vowed. And I, personally, was composing my Yelp review. Then, just 15 minutes ago, the friend who made the reservation sent me a message. The manager of Irazu called her personally and apologized for our experience. He gave her his personal phone number and asked that she call him directly ahead of her next visit. And that's all it took to turn this from a 2 star into a 3 star review. That's what being in the restaurant business is about. Restaurant patrons understand that things can get busy and people can get overwhelmed - but when minor inconveniences turn into less minor inconveniences, small courtesies can make all the difference.
