My fiance and I had dinner here with another couple last weekend and it was okay... it was fun to try it but I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon. Ambiance was fun , vibrant, loud. The walls are covered in bright colors that makes it feel very warm. We didn't have to wait very long for our table since we had a reservation. Now the important part - the food. We started with guacomole, braised short ribs, and ceviche as starters. The guacomole was simple and had a very strong lime flavor to it. I enjoyed it because I love lime but people at the table did not enjoy it too much so beware if you're not a lime fan. Braised short ribs were sweet and melted in your mouth (as they should). We had fish ceviche and it was okay... it's what I would expect from ceviche. Entrees - my fiance had the beef tenderloin with goat cheese puree as it came highly recommended from the waiter. It was cooked perfectly (rare) but the flavors were not a fun party in my mouth. I was not a big fan of the spicy beet salsa or the arugula chimichurri. The flavors were overpowering for me. I had the wood grilled porkchop which was pretty good.. but not a fan of the bacon-plantain fufu. But thats okay, it saved me calories (because I totally was watching my calorie count with the 5,000 calories I ate that evening)! Dessert - both couples ordered their special sorbet for the night. It came in a trio of plum, peach, and raspberry. Raspberry was our fave by far. The other 2 were okay but the raspberry was the most refreshing. On a side note, we had to tune our waiter out because he reminded us of a used car salesman. He tried to push us to order everything... there was only 4 of us, not 14! And on top of that, he had no clue what he was talking about. He recommended the salmon and claimed that it was specific type of salmon (i dont remember which one) but that got my fiance VERY excited because he's had it once when it was in season in Seattle. He asked, "Wow, how did you guys get those? Aren't they only in season in the spring? Where did you get them from?" and the waiter looked a little taken back and said, "Oh. It might not be that one, I can be wrong. We have a different fish of the day so I may be incorrect." Uhm, don't they tell you what the fish of the day is specifically? I don't think it's that difficult.... I think it's fun to try once but I don't see myself as a regular here.
