Maybe the idea of an inebriated swine doesn't totally correspond to your idea of romance. And believe me - I don't judge. But as long as the pig in question is just intoxicated and not toxic, and willing to share the source of its daze - I am game. Even on Valentine's Day. Especially on Valentine's Day if you are like me. The space tucked away from the hustle and bustle of Michigan Avenue doesn't breathe date, passion and intrigue. For sure. There are long communal tables, bar seats and a few tables which share a red vinyl bench. It's open, quite loud and vibrant. But boy - does it breathe Europe!!! With its gorgeous painted tiles The Purple Pig is the wonderful and American love child of a Spanish tapas bar, a Danish bodega, an Italian osteria and a French 'bistrot de campagne'. Just. Delightful. Was immediately transported back home thanks to the wine jug/pitcher...such a nice little touch. The 'quartino' (a quarter of a liter, a third of a bottle) is the perfect amount to share. And for the suspicious minds they make you try your selection out of the bottle first. So quiet down, winy(!) hearts... As for the food....delicious, fresh, classic but still inventive. We had a selection of three cheeses, the special smear of the day (ricotta and shredded pork neck cooked down in a scrumptious tomato sauce), the fried sardines with fennel and lemon vinaigrette. The highlights: - the mortedella/balsamic/pistachio smear served on crostini: described as porky by another food writer but it doesn't make it justice. It's rich, salty, creamy and just perfect. $6 for four pieces of heaven. - the butternut squash served with pumpkin seeds, fried sage, ricotta salata and brown butter: sounds simple and it is, but the flavors once again marry so well that you forget that you can easily do the same at home. $4 bring you a nice cup of it. - the farro/ricotta dessert served with a bitter chocolate sauce: unique and delicious. Just try it. Disappointments: They were out of many items - including the pork ears and their already famous fried deviled egg, as well as half their cheeses. A little tough. And sad. But munching on all these goodies in the heart of Chicago is such a treat that I will be back soon to give them a try. It's just that good.
