Since The Purple Pig takes no reservations, I wasted no time and dropped my bags off in my hotel room and headed straight to the restaurant. We were lucky, got there on a Wednesday night and was immediately offered seats either inside or out. It was a perfect July evening so sitting outside was much more preferable over the very noisy indoor section. Since it was our first time, our waitress let us know that it's a sharing menu of small plates and that a guideline is 2-3 plates a person, but certainly not a rule. A "pig's ear" is a British slang for a mess, and at first blush you might think the dish of Pig's Ear with Crispy Kale, Pickled Cherry Peppers and Fried Egg can't work, but nothing could be further from the truth. The ear is cut into thin strips and fried, and looked like tortilla strips. As the chef recommended, we broke up the egg and mixed it all together. It was our favorite dish of the night. The textures and flavors were unique, yet perfectly harmonious - just amazing! I love bone marrow so an easy pick was the Roasted Bone Marrow with Herbs. I was so looking forward to a luscious nugget of quivering marrow on a toasted baguette. But it was not to be had, it was overdone, turning the marrow into liquid and losing it's flavor (heavy sigh.....). Fried Sardines with Shaved Fennel Salad and Lemon Vinaigrette was excellent. The strong flavor of the sardine and it's crispy outside was perfect with the bright lemon vinaigrette. Milk Braised Pork Shoulder with Mashed Potatoes was a wonderfully tender and comforting dish. Couldn't detect any dairy, but no matter, it was delicious. Never tried pig jowl so we ordered the Seared Pig Jowl with carrot and peas. When it first came to the table it looked to be like very little food, about 3x5 and the thickness of Canadian bacon. It was delicious and purposely small because it was also very rich. The richness was cut perfectly with the sweetness and freshness of the peas and puree of carrots. The Razor Clams with Oregano, Lemon & Olive Oil was awesome! "Less is more" and this preparation allows the eight perfectly roasted clams to shine through. I still dream about this dish! At this point we were full, but I couldn't help but think about the Soft Scrambled Egg with Uni that I saw on the menu. I was so intrigued I had to order it. The dish struck a delicate balance; for the uni lovers it doesn't hit you over the head but gives you subtle hints of it's briny goodness, and for my non-uni eater it was still enjoyable. I've never had the Sicilian Iris (Ricotta & Chocolate Chip filled Fried Brioche) before, but at the same time it was very familiar in a good way. The ricotta was great as it added body and depth to the chocolate, and you can't go wrong deep frying a brioche and covering it with sugar! If you're keeping score, our happy bellies were filled with a total of eight dishes between the two of us, (hey, our server said 2-3 dishes per person was just a guideline...OINK!). Overall we loved The Purple Pig, even though the bone marrow fell way short (deducted one star). The next time, no doubt we will order the clams and pigs ear again along with other new dishes, and will pray that if we take a chance with the bone marrow again, the chef will give it the attention it deserves.
