Ya know, I didn't love this place the first time I went, but they make some great beer and I've found myself going back a few times since. The general consensus is that Revolution is awesome. I wish I agreed. I yearn for more places like it in this city. Let's get the easy stuff out of the way. The food is good, but nothing spectacular in the world of brewpubs or snazzy bars. I'd take a Bad Apple burger any day. Some of the beer is solid, but I want to see more from them. I generally hate Logan Square, but that's not specific to this review.  On my most recent two trips: - My group and I who had fought the throngs of people and waited for over an hour for a table got moved a few feet by at least five different people as they were setting up for a birthday party upstairs. I've never seen such a lack of coordination. Tables were moved. Another staff member would move them again. Maybe those same tables got moved to the original spot. It was silly to watch, but it was even more obnoxious to be pushed back like some sort of untouchable class. We really weren't in anyone's way and we were seated long before the stupid party even started. - Just yesterday, we were seated upstairs by a very pouty hostess. After a minute of sitting at our table that appeared to be in the center of the sun, I asked if we could move to another open 4 top as our table was really uncomfortable. She looked at me like I was out of my mind and said "give me a minute." When she came to our table at the heart of the solar system, she angrily snatched all the menus and took us to our other table. This had clearly been one of the more difficult things she had ever been asked to do. The attitude was so absurd and so incredibly incongruous with our request that we all looked at each other and laughed.  The rest of the meal was fine enough. It's a pleasant enough spot and each of our beers was very solid. It's a little strange that the upstairs has a "last call for food" at 2:30 in the afternoon, but whatever.  The real moral of the story is that if your bar management is too stupid to recognize that you face west and the sun is going to be obnoxious, then you can't seat people at those tables. A simple solution would be some pull down shades. You can thank me later for that genius-ness.
