What a fun place! Approachable, interesting fine dining with a sense of humor. I'd definitely recommend this to anyone who hasn't tried this kind of food before. It's inventive, surprising and I laughed out loud in happy surprise more than once. The atmosphere is relaxed and the music is great! Very fun. We drew a bad pick with our waiter, I think since many of the others seemed more relaxed and fun. Still, he was fine and polite, though a little pushy with the alcohol. If you ask me 4 times if I'd like another drink and I say no each time, why do you feel the need to keep asking? The tables are much closer together than I thought as well. We could hear the people at both tables next to us quite clearly though we had a bit of trouble hearing each other. We started with the caesar salad which might've been my favorite thing. The brioche "twinkie" with parmesan fluff was tasty as well as fun. The dressing was the best caesar dressing I've ever had. We also had the sweet corn soup (delicious and so fun with the marshmallow and corn nuts!) and the kung pao sweetbreads (pretty good, and I liked the peanut brittle addition). At this point, we were really looking forward to the scallops and the bison with rootbeer bbq sauce. The bison was our least favorite, but it had my boyfriend's favorite component (root beer bbq sauce). It was pretty tasty, but we even left some on the plate. The onion ring and slaw were pretty good, but nothing seemed very interesting, and the onion ring didn't have much onion flavor. The scallops were much better and cooked perfectly. The potato salad they were served on was tasty and the fried pickles were a great touch. I'm still not positive they were my favorite combination, but I definitely liked trying something new! Despite my feeling that our server wasn't too happy with us, he brought us complimentary half glasses of bubbly and foie-lipops (foie gras mousse with pop rocks). These were definitely interesting and another instance where I laughed aloud at the quirkiness, but it might've been too rich for me since I left half of one on the plate. For dessert we went for interesting rather than creative with the halva (supposed to taste like peanut butter, jelly and banana sandwich, GEB's favorite dessert). It was interesting and kind of fun, but at this point, maybe I was just getting tired of trying to get all the components on the plate in one bite, but it wasn't spectacular. I really enjoyed the place and love the idea behind GEB's philosophy of relaxed fine dining. I'm really glad we went, and though we probably won't be back (too many other places on our list to try!), I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a food adventure. Oh, and because I was trying to get an idea of prices and couldn't find them anywhere, appetizers are $10-16, entrees $30-40ish and dessert $10. Specialty cocktails are $10-15.
