We chose this spot because it was one of the highest rated on Yelp & you guys were on point with this one. I had never before been to one of the fancier sit down places in Greektown but Greek Islands will see me again. Inside is pretty spacious and has a full bar attached. Its not a particularly romantic spot but we came for the food. We arrived around 10:45 ish late on a Thursday night and the place was a little less than half full with a full table of about 10 people celebrating a birthday, couples- old and young and plenty of Greeks (always a good sign in my opinion). Upon seating, you get the traditional olive oil and bread to nibble on. (We didn't nibbled, we gobbled.) We ordered the Saganaki (flaming cheese) and it came before I knew it and shocked the crap out of me. In the corner of my eye, all I see is a big fire. I thought I was having a Michael Jackson moment before I realized what was going on. The firestarter said "Opa!", squeezed some fresh lemon juice over the firey cheese and was gone. Anyway, we ate our hot cheese with the bread & olive oil. Yum. The Saganaki cheese reminded me of mozzarella but not as smooth. Its also NOT a crumbly cheese just in case you were wondering. For dinner I ordered from the "Create A Combo" side and got the Spinach & Cheese Pie and the Roast Leg of Lamb. The lamb was tender and juicy, great cuts. The spinach pie was good as well but not enough filo pastry for my liking and it was a bit soggy. I usually order these things for the flaky filo pastry experience but there was plenty 'nuff spinach and cheese to eat. I had some of my date's gyro and it was the best gyro meat I've ever had. Hands down. Seasoned just right, tender and not dry at all. The cucumber sauce was perfect as well. Next time I go, I am ordering the gyro plate. Also, they give you enough food to feed 2 people. We both took food home and for some reason it all tasted better the next day. We drank one small bottle (1/2 liter) of Malamatina Retsina. This is a dry white wine. My date enjoyed but but I didn't like the after taste. Granted I am used to reds and a sweeter, fruitier wine. My taste buds told me I was drinking Riesling with a tainch of Lysol but that's just my palate . We didn't get dessert because no one was in the mood for it. The wait staff were very quick and clean. No real complaints with our waiter, Robert. He gets 2 thumbs up especially because he gave my date an extra pita and sauce to take home for the rest of his gyro.
