I took two of my friends out to eat. Since I have heard so much buzz thru friends about this place I figure we would just check it out. We were impress with this place at first, They advertise that they are BYOB so we brought our own bottle of wine and before we even finish sitting one of the girl was telling us about the cork fee they charge, mind you our coats were still on us. Then we were looking over the menu and since no of us have been there before there was a lot to take in. One of the waitress came over and asked if we were ready to order and we told her we are looking thru the menu give us a minute and just as she left our table about a minute later a different waitress came to ask the same question "are you ready to order" we notify her of the same we still looking. So they left us alone and about 3 minutes later they came and we order appetizers a total of three to start and once they brought us the first one they were back in attack mode ready to order? Mind you there was no line and it was slow it was a Monday. So finally we order a total of $94.00 total worth of food of wait deduct $5 for the cork fee. So $89 in food for just three of us. We are sipping on the last glass of wine and they bring us the bill. We didn't even have the chance to look at it when waitress are back in attack mode about is it ready? And I replied no , them my friends did that a few times. so finally after the five try I asked her do you have to go somewhere and she look at me funny and say no , them I told her so what is the rush??? They left us alone after that. We paid our bill but I got to tell you , I liked the food but for the money I spend I believe we some got shitty service not worth putting up with and especially under this economy they should be grateful we are still spending money in their establishment. In just a nut shell DO NOT go to this place if you don't want to be rush.... There are too many sushi places to pick from and friendlier in the city.CC: Corporate Address BookCC: Personal Address Book
