The Purple Pig is all the buzz in Chicago lately. I've been wanting to go since they opened, and finally stopped by yesterday afternoon for a late afternoon "snack". The place itself is small, but cozy. Very much as if you're sitting in someone's country-style kitchen. They have a great wine list, as well as an interesting (and pork heaven) menu. We each ordered a glass or two of wine (Moscato for two of us, Cava for the third). The Moscato.... can I get a bottle? Next time I think we will get a bottle. We didn't look at the menu when we ordered it, but would've asked for at least a half bottle if we saw those options. Next time. :) We got the Eggplant Caponnata, Pork-fried Almonds, Rock Shrimp and Fried Mussels. Eggplant Caponnata - Yum! Warm toast with goat cheese, to be topped with the eggplant (cold). A delicious combination of flavors and temperature. We really, really enjoyed these and I think it'll be a staple part of our order each time. Pork-fried Almonds - Yhey were ok. I guess I was expected some saltiness, and only a few almonds were in fact salty. Rock Shrimp - This was a cold small salad, with shrimp, snap peas and sweet peas; in a really tart, fresh dressing. I'm not a huge fan of cold shrimp, but this was surprisingly refreshing. I love peas though, and those gave a nice sweetness to the dish. Fried Mussels - Besides the Eggplant dish, this was my fave! Smoked mussels, lightly breaded and fried, served atop a small salad. The salad was good too, but wow, they need to serve these as a bowl of only mussels. So good! Overall, loved the cozy vibe and cozy food here. It's a great spot to stop by for small bites and delicious wine to match. We got to meet the chef/owner as well, and he was friendly and welcoming. Great customer service! We'll definitely be back, and I'm bringing others with me too. The Moscato and Mussels are calling my name. :) P.S. This should realistically be a 4.5 star review... I'm taking a 1/2 point off because I didn't see the Lardo Crostini on the menu (the thing I specifically wanted here), and the Chef said they did serve it. But, more reason for me to go back!
