Talk about Atkins to the extreme! This was my first experience at a Brazilian Steakhouse - so I will try not to review the concept, but more along the service line instead. Before I hit the service line, the concept of a Brazilian Steakhouse is amazing. Obviously from all of the reviews below, you better come hungry. I was taken away by the sheer amount of food that was available to us. Not just the amount, but also the quality. USDA Prime - that stuff is NOT cheap. We made reservations a few days in advance, though I was surprised that we were able to get in - this is a pretty popular place. You can make reservations through their website as well - pretty easy and accurate. I read the reviews before our visit and knew ahead of time that it wouldn't be a good idea to come in shorts, flip flops and a t shirt. I did see a few people there - there's no dress code here, but you can tell that this is more of an upscale place. I went with a pair of Dockers and polo - nothing crazy. I saw people decked out in trampy dresses - all the power to them, I'm not here to drool over you - just the food. Our server was pretty sharp - though he really pushed drinks. Most drinks are $3 a glass (pop included). No free refills here. Don't worry, no charge for water or even the lemon slices to go with it. They don't kid around when it comes to food - I hit the salad bar for a small side dish, but other than that it was all meat. I saw people load up on salad. WTF is that all about? You go to a Brazilian steakhouse and eat salad? Really? I paid 50 bucks here and am not wasting my time with salad. The meat was fantastic - no matter what you try, you will likely enjoy it all. Don't go here expecting one type of meat, you really should try it all. Granted there were some that I didn't like, but I still gave it a shot. I'm not a fan of pork loin - tried it, didn't go back for seconds. Don't discount the ribs - I thought they were BBQ. Not the case. Fan F*&^in' tastic. Drawbacks - cramped seating... pushy servers for drinks. That's it! Nothing terrible - just enough to not deserve a 5 star rating. I'll come back any day.
