I stayed in Hotel71 for two weeks over the holidays, and it turned out to be a pretty nice place. My boyfriend and I booked the queen double room with a city view. We chose the double room because it was considerably larger than the single bed rooms and was almost the same price on http://hotels.com. Our room came with two beds, a desk area, a chaise lounge, and a two-part bathroom (one room held the marbled sinks and mirrors, while the adjoining room had the rain shower and bathtub). Our room had plenty of storage space, a huge closet, and plenty of cabinets and drawers to store our belongings. The staff was very welcoming and helpful. We requested a mini fridge and microwave, which were both placed in our room by the time we checked in. The gym in the hotel is very nice with a ton of different machines. The gym also has an amazing view of the city, definitely a bonus while working out. My only complaints have to do with the cable and phone service in the hotel. The cable had a VERY limited amount of channels, about 20. If you're visiting the city for the first time, this won't be a problem since I assume you'll want to go out and about in Chicago and not sit in the hotel and watch tv., but since I am native to the city and stayed in the hotel for 2 weeks, I definitely had down time in the hotel. The no tv. situation was a big letdown for me. Lastly, the biggest problem we experienced was the phone service. The area code for downtown Chicago is 312, while the rest of Chicago is 773. We made a few phone calls to 773 numbers, believing that they would be considered "local" and thus be free. This is not the case, upon check out we were handed a bill for over $80 in phone charges. We checked everywhere in the room and welcome book, NOWHERE does it say anything about exorbitant charges for phone service. We called the front desk and explained that they should have posted somewhere about the fees and that we felt misled. They gave us a $40 credit and apologized, blamed the fees on some new phone provider that they are switching to. The credit was ok, but I definitely still feel taken advantage of. My advice if you stay at Hotel71, get a bigger room, it's worth it, and DO NOT touch the phone unless you want a huge bill waiting for you at check out.
