Birthday dinner, take two. I knew this place had some big ... scratch that huge, Godzilla-like shoes to fill after my dad's birthday dinner a few weeks prior. Actually, I don't think Godzilla wears shoes, but that's neither here nor there. Ever since that dinner at La Gondola my mom has been like a one-woman version of a six degrees game; you only have to tangentially mention something Italian for her to make the connection and start raving about that dinner and her plans to return. We could've made a return appearance, but I wanted to try something different for my birthday. Unfortunately, neither the food nor service came close to the bar La Gondola had set so high with my family. Pluses: + You can make reservations through Open Table. + They have a dining club and http://restaurant.com gift certificates with few restrictions. + The space is intimate and romantic; cloth tablecloths and napkins, votives on the tables, and exposed brick walls. + The portions are generous, all three of us ended up taking some of our meals home. + The food is very good; you could definitely tell the pasta was homemade. All three of us were happy with our meals, but not in an orgasmic, I'd sell my first born for another bite, or touch my plate and you'll be walking with a limp, sort of way. Minuses: - We were seated at one of two high top tables near the bar. The table was very narrow across, had there been 4 in our party it would've felt really cramped. The tall chairs were very difficult to scoot closer to the table too, causing my parents problems. - Service was inattentive; friendly, but inattentive. We had big lulls in our meal - our meals took a long time to arrive; we got the wrong dishes brought to our table; and we had to request our bread and drinks be replenished. Maybe our server was also covering the back of the place, because most times we couldn't even find her on the floor to get her attention. - Meals are expensive. Pasta entrees range between $20-22 and are a la carte. First, I think there should be more than a $1-2 price disparity between a simple pasta with red sauce and something like lobster ravioli, linguine and clams, or pasta with veal meatballs. Second, I think at that price point a choice of soup or salad is appropriate. - The TV in the "bar area" is unnecessary, if not inappropriate for the setting, even with the sound off. My parents, who were facing the TV, were visibly distracted by the Chargers-Giants game. Bottom line: The food was good, but I think there are other places in town where I can get more bang for my buck. I'll definitely give this place another chance, I'll just make sure I had some sort of coupon first.
