I usually travel on a budget, but this Red Roof really drops the ball. Strike one: The rooms are not clean!! That's the most important quality about a hotel. Wouldn't you rather sleep on a slab on concrete in an immaculately clean room than a soft mattress in a room full of dust and dirt? There were large piles of dust in the corners in the bathroom, and the corners of the sink had caked on dirt. The grout on the floor was cracked and stained different colors. Most Motel 6s that I've been in are better maintained/cleaner than this room. Strike two: One of the elevators was broken. According to previous reviews, this is something that happens pretty frequently. For a hotel with 16 floors, you would think that they would have people on call for repairs like this, especially for a spring weekend when there are lots of guests. The rooms are a tight fit, but most rooms in metropolitan areas are going to be small. The mattress was nearing the end of its life, and yes, the bedspreads are icky. Our toilet tank was a little leaky, so the toilet would spontaneously flush itself when no one was in the bathroom. This place would have gotten one star if it hadn't been for the EXCELLENT customer service from the front desk. The people working there were patient and polite, even with a constant stream of guests arriving at the desk. We had booked the room through a third-party site, and the woman at the desk made sure that we had two non-smoking rooms next to each other and let us check-in early. They sent up extra pillows to the room when we asked. I was really happy with the service we received. The valet parking guys were really nice, too. Parking was $36 with in/out privileges, which was a better deal than parking in the garage across the street. TIP: If you park at that parking garage, the Courtyard Mariott gives out blue parking tickets to give you a discount on the daily rate. It may be a little dishonest since you are not staying at that hotel, but if you're checking out a review for a Red Roof, then I have a feeling you don't have extra cash burning a hole in your pocket. Even though this is a great location at a good price, I would try to use Priceline or Hotwire to get a better room at a nicer hotel for the same price.
