It has been a year since my one and (sadly) only trip to Hot Doug's, but I continue to proselytize to everyone and anyone that I can corral into conversation, regardless of the topic. I came down from Madison last year around this time to experience May Fest with my old college friends as a reciprocal to Bockfest at the Capital Brewery. Friday night was a tour of the bars in Bucktown, and Saturday morning was not the best I've ever felt. My friend tells me to get dressed because we're driving to a hot dog restaurant and we'll likely have to wait for a half hour or more. I frankly wasn't too excited, because my opinion was that nothing is worth waiting that long, let alone a frickin' hot dog. Obviously, I stand corrected. We picked up a few people on the way and parked near some nondescript bungalows and low-slung industrial buildings. I thought we were in the wrong place, but there at the corner was a small building with a line of people out the door and around the side. It took us about 45 minutes to get up to the counter, all the while my friends and other people in line kept telling me how great of an experience I was in for. Against this kind of build-up I figured there would be a bit of a come-down. It turns out this was not the case at all. At first I had planned on being conservative in what I chose, but as I waited in line my courage grew and I ended up with the Game of the Week, which was an elk sausage with a smooth French cheese made with bacon and topped with a spicy Dijon mustard. As my conservative "back-up" I went with a steamed Chicago dog, and we all split an order of the duck fat fries. Since I was going all out, I got a can of the Dr. Brown's Cel-Ray celery soda. It was, without exaggeration, one of the most enjoyable meals of life. The elk sausage with the bacon-flavored cheese and mustard was the perfect combination of spicy and savory, and the texture of the sausage was exactly right, balanced by the smoothness of the cheese. The duck fat fries were exemplary - perfectly fried and salted, hot right out of the fryer. The Chicago dog was last, and honestly I can't say that I really remember it other than being very good. At that point I was a bit mind-blown, since despite everyone touting the praises of this place my expectations were actually exceeded.  Oh, and it turns out that I really like Cel-Ray too. A year later I still find myself raving about the place. Yeah, it's as great as everyone says. Obviously everyone knows this, hence the number of reviews. But I still think about detouring there every time I come down the Kennedy, and I have determined that, if anyone wants to go, we could leave Madison by 9 and be there by lunch.
