Chicago Q is a decent restaurant that, in my mind, originally had the potential to be rated as a 4 star restaurant. My husband and I have been there together twice. The first time was in July when we were in town visiting before we moved here. We went to the restaurant early on a weekday for lunch and at first, we were the only people in the restaurant. The food was out of this world! I had the pulled pork sandwich and it was so juicy and delicious. The bread was pretty amazing too...especially because the juice had seeped into it. I remember thinking the mac 'n cheese and hush puppies were awesome too. The only part of the meal that I could have gone without was the cornbread. However, we still could not wait to go back once we moved to Chicago. After being here for about a month and having time to check out some other restaurants, my husband was craving BBQ the other night, so we decided to return to Chicago Q. It was a Friday night and the restaurant was pretty busy. Once we were seated, we quickly glanced over the menu since we already knew what we wanted to get. The pickles and chips were both good, just like we remembered them. That may have been the highlight of the meal... Again, I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and my husband got the half chicken/half pulled pork meal. Additionally, we ordered the hush puppies and the mac' n cheese. The hush puppies were okay - not as delicious as I had remember them being and the mac 'n cheese was a let down. Both of our meals were disappointing. The pulled pork sandwich was not as special since it had zero juice. It was so dry and therefore the bread wasn't as tasty this time around either. My husband's meal lacked flavor. For dessert, I ordered the milk and cookies. I figured the cookies would have been pretty awesome, however, they were mediocre and barely warmed up. I could've gotten better cookies at Mrs. Fields at the mall. I didn't feel like they were worth the calories. All in all, I would still go back to Chicago Q at a less busy time. My husband on the other hand said that he would first search for a better BBQ place in Chicago before returning the Chicago Q. Ouch!
