I have to say, I was so excited to see a BBQ restaurant in Gold Coast of all places but it was a disappointment... (they took over Tsunami! I was shocked that they were gone!) Here's how it went down. Make sure to make a reservation because even on a Thursday night, the entire restaurant was packed! I noticed that there were a lot of business people, probably headed there right after work or something. It was however super loud with the place being packed and all. It was very hard to carry on a conversation with normal voice. Service was just okay. Not great and not bad... Let's get to the FOOD! The complimentary home made potato chips and pickles were tasty! Actually, I couldn't stop eating the potato chips! The disappointment came with my Kobe chopped brisket sandwich... Again, I have to compare the brisket to Smoque. I have yet to taste another melt in your mouth type of brisket. I've only had this at Smoque so far... So the Kobe chopped brisket sandwich that I got was on the drier side and not to mention it was a bit hard to chew with not much flavoring going on. If you are going to emphasize that you are serving not just any beef but Kobe beef, then it should taste a little more special, don't you think? Thank goodness for their 4 sauces that they give you. I had to just smear the sauce on my meat and so did my friend. She had the pulled pork shoulder and she said it wasn't much without the sauce. The SIDES: My friend enjoyed her coleslaw. She liked that it didn't have mayo and it was more vinegar based. For me the slaw needed some more kick. To my surprise, the cornbread was actually pretty darn good! Another disappointment of the night was the Broiled Macaroni and Cheese. I actually read some reviews beforehand and I read that the Mac and Cheese was suppose to be amazing. So I convinced my friend to order the Mac and Cheese with me. After all, it was just "mac and cheese" but "Broiled macaroni and cheese"! It was just mediocre. Nothing amazing and nothing you haven't already tasted before. Don't need to order this here. You wont' be missing much! We didn't get to the dessert. From our meal, I don't think that we missed much. I did end up taking half of my sandwich home though... This place isn't cheap. In fact, a bit overpriced for the quality of food we got but I guess you are playing for Gold Coast and the ambiance. We had 2 glasses of wine, 2 entrees, 1 side and the total was over $60. On a side note, I noticed that their lunch and dinner prices are the same. Not sure that I'll be back but I did like the location. I do have to give kudos to the hostess party. Very friendly and approachable!
