My husband and I were very excited to try Frontera Grill. So, we wanted to make reservations but after reading that they had to be made so far ahead of time, we decided to just get there a little bit early and hope to be seated early. So, on a cold, rainy Saturday morning, we took a cab from our hotel and arrived at the restaurant at 10:15AM and there was already a line of about 20 people ahead of us. We were so excited for the food. The decor inside is cute--lots of oranges, purples and nothing too fancy. As soon as we sat down, we realized how quickly the restaurant filled up. The ambiance was ok--there was a lot of background noise-- but then again, the tables are so close to each other you can hear other couples' conversations. Our waitress seemed to have grown up in Mexico but spoke English fluently. However, she seemed overwhelmed. We asked fo hot sauce but it never got to our table. Now, for the food... we ordered the taquitos for appetizer; I ordered the tacos al carbon with the grilled skirt steak; my husband, the egg and sausage enthusiast, got the Huevos Estilo El Bajo. The taquitos were forgettable. My husband'sdish was submerged in a green sauce and was "sprinkled" with the chorizo. He also said there was some pungent cheese in the dish and he honestly did not enjoy it that much. As for the tacos, however, the meat was grilled perfectly, the tortilla was amazing and again, the red hot sauce is amazing. Lastly, we ordered dessert. I never get dessert and my husband only gets flan when he does, but, we decided that we wanted to try the dessert yesterday and honestly, it was by far the best dessert we've ever had. We had the chocolate cake with brownie chunk ice cream and raspberry cream. The cake was really very very light and fluffy and not too sweet. It was absolutely delicious and everything on the plate--from the ice cream to the raspberries were just as good. So, in summary, I would only give it 3 stars if it were just based on the appetizer and the entrees but seriously, the cake is worth an entire whole star by itself. Since my husband and I both liked the tacos so much, we figure that dinner might actually be more palatable for our tongues.
