Just dined here tonight with a good friend after it came highly recommended by a few co-workers. I had youtubed a video on it which really stirred my interest. It's all in tagalog, which I speak, so for non-speakers you might find it hard to follow. But of course, it's all about the food, and that needs no words. http://www.youtube.com/w Here's what we ordered: Mizu Martini (Watermelon) Lychee Luxury Drop Martini Appetizers: Ox Tail Pot Stickers Adobo Flake Fried Rice Main Dishes: Crispy Pata Honey-Ginger Braised Beef Shortrib Congee Review: The drinks were to be expected, a bit on the sweet side for the Lychee, but very good. We found the appetizers to be well-balanced. I particularly liked the Ox Tail pot stickers. They were truly different and the ox tail had good flavor. The sauce was similar to Toyo-mansi (for those familar with filipino sauces) maybe leaning more towards a citrus mirin/ponzu sauce. The Adobo Flake Fried Rice was also very good. It was a little reminiscent of the filipino-style breakfast rice dishes (Tapsilog, Longsilog, Tocilog) It was quite garlicky so for those who are put off by that, beware. I'm always a sucker for a fried egg atop rice, it makes me feel at home. Not too sweet, not to sour and definitely not too vinegary as some Adobo-infused dishes can be. Overall a well-balanced dish and flavorful dish. The main courses we found to be quite exquisite. The Crispy Pata was very tender and will be well received for those Lechon (roasted pig) lovers. The sauce it came with was very similar to the Sarsa Lechon that is always served with filipino style roasted pork, but with a slight hint of chili. It also came with some picked radish salad that was decent. We both really enjoyed the Honey-Ginger Beef Shortrib and Congee combination. I'm not a fan of arroz caldo only because I had overkill growing up. My mom would always make it when someone was sick and in large quantities, but this was something else. After watching the youtube video on this, I had to try it. The large quantity of beef was literally falling off the bone, spoon and fork tender, nicely seasoned. Literally, to-die-for style beef. The congee was good, could've used a bit more of it, but its taste complimented the beef well. They make the congee with butter and the drippings from the beef so it is overall a rich dish. Easily enough for two, but some/most will not want to share. Our bill came out to $106 before tip and valet ($11.99+tip). While it is on the pricey end, the food experience was well worth it. We left happy and will gladly come back. I'm actually planning on scheduling a group/family dinner here for my college grad in a few months.
