My boyfriend and I have been wanting to hit up Sunda forever! We are huge sushi buffs and heard this place was extremely unique and interesting. Our server recommended the Peared Sake to drink. I like sake but I wasn't sure how this would taste. I ordered it and man was it good, I could have had five or six. Made with Grey Goose La Poire, Zipang Sparking Sake, pineapple juice, ginger syrup, and a cinnamon rim it was a fantastic mix of flavors. At $13 it was a little expensive but hey, it was my first time here. My boyfriend stuck with a good glass of Cloudy Bay Sauvignon Blanc. We started with Rock Shrimp Tempura made with glazed walnuts and glazed honey aioli. We love the rock shrimp at FIsh Bar and this did not disappoint. The serving was quite large and I was pleasantly surprised with the result. The star of the evening? The Lobster Wagyu Roll. Outstanding doesn't even come close to describing how amazing this roll is! I have never tasted anything like it and probably never will again! I've had Wagyu beaf at Roka Akor but when paired with lobster it was like nothing I have ever tasted. The scallions, jalapeo, wagyu sashimi, creamy lobster, and truffle-foire aioli was the perfect combination of excellence. We also tried the Escolar which was under the category "Topped Nigiri Sunda Style". The Great White Tuna came with truffle shavings, a potato chip, and chives. Was it good? Yes. $9 for two pieces? Unacceptable. Macku does better topped nigiri for less and for bigger pieces at that with more creative toppings. I wasn't impressed with The Number Ten roll. It was a tempura roll with shrimp roe, avocado, scallions, cream cheese, unagi sauce, and wasabi aioli. I just wasn't too impressed overall but my boyfriend loved it and I trust his judgement. We also had some signature sticky rice with beef on top. I'm not sure the exact name but the server made sure to point them out. The rice comes with other types of meat and fish on top as well. Generally, try what the server recommends but be prepared to pay. Nothing is cheap here but it's worth a shot. Dessert was also great. We had a wonderful dessert martini made with Effen vodka that our server so kindly split for us without our asking. For dessert we had vanilla bean ice-cream basked into a slice of carrot cake. Absolutely outstanding! Four stars for some amazing signature dishes and drinks. The service was great and attentive and I appreciated the speed at which the dishes were paced. One star reduction for the price and quality of some dishes.
