I've been to Sunda twice and both times have had a fabulous experience. The first time was with a few friends for dinner. The menu is huge and all the dishes are made to share. We started with sushi, rock shrimp, and the longevity garlic noodles. Round 2 we ordered another round of the noodles and sushi and also the adobo braised pork belly and a sea bass dish. The girls I was with ordered the sea bass thinking it was the sea bass toban, but when it arrived we realized that the toban was a special the last time they were there. The server was so accommodating and offered to take the sea bass back and give us something else. We were fine with keeping it, but the next thing you know, the manager on duty (Brian Cummings) came up to our table to tell us that he's having the chef whip us up a special sea bass toban just for us. We were shocked (and of course after the toban came out completely amazed by how delish it was). Talk about outstanding service! Everything we ordered was delish, cooked perfectly, and the sushi was very fresh. We had a few of the specialty drinks also. After such a great experience, I decided to go back a few weeks later with my husband for our anniversary. Once again, we were treated with the same fabulous service we got last time. Our server, Rachel, was so friendly and nice. We started off with the tuna and white tuna sushi, edamame, and the chicken sui mai. All delish and again the sushi was very fresh. For dinner we shared the duck breast (it was wrapped around a pepper with an amazing sauce) and once again the adobo braised pork belly (officially one of my favorite dishes ever). We were stuffed by the end of the meal and wouldn't have gotten a dessert, but to our surprise, we got a complimentary dessert since we were celebrating our anniversary! Vanilla ice cream with a tempura batter and caramel - so so yummy. The drink menu is pretty reasonable for Chicago - a glass of champagne ranges about $10+, their specialty drinks anywhere between $10-15, and bottles of wine. I've been scouring asian restaurants around country for a Lychee martini and I finally found one I love at Sunda. The Divine Lychee is by far one of the best lychee martinis I've had and would go back for that alone! I don't know if my words can really do the food justice, all I can say is Sunda is definitely a must try. Impeccable service paired with outstanding food and a chic atmosphere.
