went for lunch on a thursday afternoon at 11:45 (opens at 11:30) thinking there would be no wait, because seriously, who would wait an hour for lunch when they have work?? apparently EVERYONE, bc it was PACKED. there was an hour wait for the dining area, luckily my friend and i scored a teeny tiny table in the bar area.  we shared three things. the guacamole was adequate -- fresh and filled with lime juice and possibly sun dried tomatoes (nothing wrong here!), but also nothing spectacular. however their freshly fried corn chips were most enjoyable. next were the sopes rancheros -- the roasted tomato sauce was DELICIOUS, i wanted a whole bowl of it to dip the little corn masa boats in. the flavors of the dish worked well together, but the shredded beef was a little salty for my taste. also i felt the proportion of corn:beef:avocado:sauce was a bit off -- too much beef, but otherwise a pretty good app. finally we shared the milanesa de puerco. this was disappointing. though everything on the dish was made well and was very fresh, it did not wow me. in fact it kinda reminded me of a chicken parmigiano dish type flavoring. meh. i should have tried one of bayless' famous mole dishes, or the thursday ribeye special that the dude next to me ordered. it looked SO GOOD. his table also ordered a soup that looked awesome -- some tortilla strips and an avocado wedge in a bowl, then drowned in a small pot of hot, piping broth. but they seemed to be regulars -- we overheard them asking for ONLY the green salsa and they raved to us about the topolo margarita. lesson learned: order the same dishes as the frontera groupies next to you. OH the BIGGEST disappointment was that the service here was awful, awful, awful!!! for such a well known restaurant, i would expect the service here to be close to impeccable. the food came out slowly and it took forever and a half to get the check. i cannot imagine what it's like for dinner. overall, the highlights of the food were interesting enough to have me coming back to try some other dishes. i also love restaurants that change up their menu. but i think i'll wait a few more months to see if the hoopla/long wait dies down, and then maybe i'll up the star-age on this one.
