We had a lovely experience at the Ritz-Carlton Chicago. LOCATION: Very conveniently located to major attractions, Michigan Ave, & Rush St. STAFF: Haven't encountered one sour puss. Everyone from door man to front desk & concierege to housekeeping has been perfectly pleasant and acccomodating. QUIRKS: You take one set of elevators from street level to the lobby (12th floor). You take a different set of elevators from the lobby (12th floor) up to the guest rooms. And a third elevator takes you from the lobby down to the next level (11th floor) where the pool, exercise room and spa are located. The pool is one of the only amenities that appears in need of a renovation. It seems dark, uninviting and a throw-back to hotel pools of yesteryear. After a day of sightseeing and shopping, we mistakenly thought we'd chill poolside, take a dip, enjoy a beverage (avec tiny paper umbrella) and read a book. To our dismay, the room was dark and cavelike, the seating was sparse, and the pool was roped off into 4 lanes making it more of a lap pool than a place to unwind. And, there was no tiki bar. ROOM: Quite comfortable. Large window across far end of room looks out over city. Comfortable couch. Spacious dresser with in-room safe and plenty of drawer space. Comfortable bed, soft linens. Two night stands. Stylish furnishing - not too edgy and not too "starving artists sale out at the airport." Nice sized flat screen TV on swivel stand on dresser. Large desk with office chair. Plenty of lighting and lamps. Nice sized closet with plenty of hangers. Separate bar/fridge area. BATH: Spacious. Double sinks/vanities. Separate room with toilet and shower. 2 robes and 2 slippers provided for use during stay. Towels soft but still confident in structure and oversized. L'OCCITANE products including: 3 bar soaps, hand lotion, shower gel, shampoo & conditioner. Small canister on vanity with cotton balls, cotton pads and Q-tips). Bath mats in front of toilet/shower and in front of sinks. Hair dryer. OTHER:  A little bar appears in the morning near the front desk area in the lobby with coffee, tea, espresso and a small assortment of pastries. It's adjacent to the hotel's business center, where I sit at this moment, composing this review. It's open 24 hours/day and offers a Mac and two PCs for guests' use. A fine place to slip away should one of you be an early bird and want to allow your other to sleep, hypothetically.
