IMAGINE THIS a handful of bearded, inebriated Chicago hipsters cooking for you, pouring your wine, and dishing out impeccable plates (ex: shaved truffle over raw quail egg ravioli complete with shaving and thoughtful/big-word explanation) over and over again to your sparkly white tablecloth table while the latest underground house mixes are thumping over honestly, ghetto speakers... If you can picture all that, then you can imagine Schwa.  I mean this endearingly of course, as I loved it here. It's like the antithesis of fine dining, a big middle finger to Alinea; the long haired Andre Agassi at Wimbledon; A Ricky "wild thing" Vaughn; a five year old brat running around and messing up all this nice shit at Tru The guys, as I'll call Michael Carlson and his crew, (which includes at least his brother, I figured out) are laid back, KNOW their food and are very polite and attentive in their service, sure - but you figure out quickly that this is not a place where you're gonna care (you shouldn't) if your glass of water /wine has been empty for longer than 2 minutes (it probably won't be, in fact) or your napkin wasn't folded into a swan while you were in the bathroom.  If you want formal, they'll give you formal, if you wanna laugh and joke and toast, that's where they're at! I got their attitude as Food first, Drink second, Be happy third. Simple easy stuff.  Sure you can come to Schwa, having dined at Trotter's last week in your navy blazer and bring in your 200 dollar of wine, just learn that they're not gonna turn that Gangsta Rap down... Ignore that table of drunk rowdy people, because that is gonna be you shortly my friend... And finally yes, you did just see your chefs/waiters take shots of Jameson through their kitchen window, you might be shocked at first, but you'll get used to it buddy. Just enjoy your food. And onto the food. Some Notes: 1. 10 courses + plate change + bonus - Quail egg ravioli, dumb luck I'm sure :) 2. Incredibly complex dishes - continent to continent explored, Total Avante Garde Cuisine.. not necessarily a lot of molecular gastronomy stuff, but trust me when you hear the explanations you'll be impressed. 3. Immaculate presentations, colors, textures, plating, balance, abstract, playful - really amazing 4. It may have been the wine, but I actually was hungry after the dinner. Point being portion sizes are very small, probably not a good idea to fast all day and eat here. 5. Taste - I find its best you open your palates/mind (as best you can) prior to eating at these kinds of places... get kind of mentally psyched up for stuff you wont be used to.. That being done, I think you'll enjoy your meal much more. I wasn't afraid to say at the end of a dish, "hey I didn't like it too much" But you usually appreciate what was trying to be done. My meal was mostly on the sweet side and I'm more of a savory guy, but still enjoyed it nonetheless. Here were my standouts: Tagliatelle - hand made, spiraled into a cone, topped with diced veal hearts, shaved truffle, huckleberries, cheese - savory + sweet = superb Quail egg ravioli - their signature I suppose.. Warm liquid egg, butter, fresh pasta, Parmesan reggiano, solid piece of shaved truffle. Maki - My favorite. homemade fish maki rolled in Hoja Santa leaves instead of Nori, topped with fresh and dried (read: crunchy) roe, curry pickled carrots and housemade root beer. The Hoja Santa leaves have Sassafras in them... like root beer Tiger Fish - beautiful plating. South american firm fish, with pickled watermelon, red pepper accents, served on Israeli couscous Sweetbreads - See, I've been kind of tricked into thinking sweetbreads are the greatest food on the planet because I've only had them at outstanding restaurants where they turn what I know to be frigging disgusting and turn it into food crack... so of course this was delicious: Candied sweetbreads, roasted corn, banana puree, Patron gelee, Carmel, micro cilantro, popcorn. One day I'm gonna buy a bag of them, attempt to cook them at home and scar myself for life, I'm sure Pork - Collar cut Pata Negra Jamon de Espana, borage flowers, fermented black bean sauce Cheese - Cheese filled pretzel bites with beer foam - mmmm I agree with those saying it might be worth calling randomly to see if they have a table. I made reservations a few weeks in advance but heard nothing until the day OF. Final Note, Michael Carlson is cool.
