Am I now ruined for life? Have I peaked too early? I feel I just defeated the hardest boss in the game in the first level. What's all this nonsense I'm trying to convey? It's simple, this is the best meal I think I have ever had. And Schwa had a lot to overcome. Long story...be warned. So a friend of mine went here and told us it was the best meal they ever had. I considered myself in the know on food and felt lost when I had never even heard of the place. I then did some research and learned all about the famous dinner that caused them to close and their subsequent reopening and apparently impossible reservation system. So my wife and I's anniversary was in October. We decide to try and go here. I give a call in mid-September and to my surprise get someone on the phone right away. I get the date and time I want and I'm thinking "This isn't so bad" The day before my reservation I get a call just confirming my reservation. I'm feeling pumped. The day arrives, my wife and I are ready to head over and at 4pm I get a call. One of the chefs is sick. They can't run if they're not at full staff. They apologize and say to mention this cancellation if/when we want to come back. Ok. Nothing I can do about this but it definitely didn't make me feel too happy. My wife's birthday is in February so we decide to try again then. I call back in January, get the voicemail, and this time leave a message mentioning the cancellation. I get a call back about a week later and I get a reservation. Day before we get the call about the confirmation, but I'm still nervous (actually had a backup reservation at another restaurant). By 3pm on the day of I haven't heard anything so I call to cancel the backup and then at 4pm I get a call saying their fridge is broken. This time they offer to schedule something right away, so we get a reservation for a week later. The day comes and this time no cancellations and we're actually going to eat! So, as you can imagine, there was a lot to live up to. And they did. I think there are enough reviews here about the food, decor, staff that I would just be adding to the line of compliments. Let me just say every single dish I had there was outstanding. There was nothing I would not eat again. And if you're wondering, yes we did get a nice discount on the bill but I would've been happy to pay the full price. Love this place and I'm nervous that every place I go to after is going to pale in comparison.
