Rate, location, security and staff were better than the vast majority of hotels I've stayed - which is bunches - I travel for business A LOT. For those that base their vacations on room decor, we may not see eye to eye. I couldn't care less about it, but to describe the room best I'd say the decor was far from cutting edge (just shy of tacky yet nondescript), the room itself was big and comfortable. It could use new carpet and updated bedding but it had a nice desk, couch, king bed, 3 closets (seemed odd, but whatever) and a kitchenette that was really cutely tucked away within the room. I was very surprised to find a full size fridge, small sized stovetop oven (not that I needed it, but if I were coming over from Europe or anywhere else I'd be very psyched for that as a bonus). We did hear about other people with air conditioning issues with their room; we were totally uneffected. Just in case the room influences that, #1012 is a safe bet. At 129/night, I felt it was a bit of a gamble given this hotel's prime location literally behind the Hancock and kitty corner from Water Tower. You could practically throw a rock at either. I'm originally from Chicago and recently moved out east and was back on business for a week. Trust me, hotels in that location cost at least double. People who live on that block spend more money on their dogs than I will make in my lifetime. This hotel is easily 100/night less than counterparts in this neighborhood. Shopping is pinnacle Michigan Ave, and Oak Street beach is easily walked (a couple blocks). A few things you might not know (if you aren't from there): A neat place to grab a drink is the Hancock. Instead of the observation deck, go up for a cocktail and have the same view while having a nip. Also, on the 600 N. block of St. Clair (about 3 blocks South) is a great little italian place called Coco Pazzo Cafe. Reasonable prices, outdoor seating and outstanding food. If you ask the concierge about it, be sure they direct you to the St. Clair location and not Hubbard (though I'm sure it's just as good, it's not within walking distance). Two more things! Something that really caught me was the security. Nowhere that I've stayed in Chicago has had key entrances near the elevator bank. I thought this feature was a cupcake. Something all the downtown hotels should have everywhere! It gave me an extra bonus sense of security. Lastly, the staff was super friendly and efficient. We left the "do not disturb" sign on our room when we went out for the day and when we got back to the room we had a message on our phone from the head of the cleaning staff letting us know, in the most pleasant tone ever, that they had not cleaned our room so as not to disturb us and to call them if we needed anything(!). In fact, from arrival at the valet, through checkin and at checkout, all staff members were just that - super friendly, and most importantly, efficient. I agree with another reviewer that said this hotel was neither romantic nor trendy, but if you're looking for an attentive, quality hotel experience while adventuring into Chicago (especially if you're interested in the "mag mile"), don't hesitate.
