A visit in Chicago and a search for a restaurant near my hotel on yelp lead me to Le Colonial. I'm not sure why I picked this place. I guess I was expecting it to be a mix between French and Vietnamese cuisine (like a fusion restaurant). It was a quick cab ride (5mins) to this joint. It was Friday night so the area was busy with lots of people walking around. We were greeted by very cute hostess with a huge smile. After some small banter about the weather and nightlife, we were lead to our table. The dcor of this restaurant was very soothing and relaxing due to the dim lighting, wicker and host of Vietnamese/French decorations. It makes this place ideal for a romantic date-ish restaurant. I open the menu to see what the restaurant would offer. Going through the menu, all I could think about is my mom. I pictured her first almost having a heart attached due to the high prices (for Vietnamese food) then slapping me on the head for going to this restaurant then finally giving me a long lecture about how I should save money. I had to try to erase this mental picture so I order vodka on the rocks (total of 3 before we left). I proceed to order the soup which was the Pho and Mi Xao Do Bien entre. My date ordered the soup Sup Man Cua and Bo Sate entre. The soups came out first and both were very small bowls with adequate taste and flavors. When my entre came out, it seemed like the noodles were over cooked. I didn't finish my entre because it just didn't taste great. I tried the Bo Sate and the meat was cooked perfectly but again it wasn't anything to go crazy over. I was quite perplexed about the high rating of this restaurant. The food here is mediocre at best. In general, I was expecting more of a French style restaurant and for the price I was expecting even more from the food. If you're a connoisseur of Vietnamese food as I am (eaten it all my life with the combo of home cooking and eating out), I would NOT suggest you going to this place for the food. For the price of this dinner for two, I could have taken a family of 8 to your local Vietnamese restaurant for a feast and better food! This restaurant is more for your NOVICE Vietnamese food eater. The service was exceptional but that couldn't make up for the lack luster food. =( I'll leave you with this "GOooooooooooooooood Morning, Vietnam! Hey this is not a test! This is rock and roll! Time to rock it from the Delta to D.M.Z!". I'm sure Robin Williams had better Vietnamese food while filming this movie. Sad but true!
