Everyone has heard the myth about the magic duck. You know, the duck that with its throbbing flavor and juicy succulence can turn even the militant vegetarian into a meat eater. It just makes herbivores want to wrap their mouth around it and then put it inside of them - giving up their culture in the process (no more waving those broccoli colored flags!). Well, this duck actually exists and it's at Sun Wah. Yes, I couldn't help but indulge in a *small piece* of duck as a group of us gathered on Christmas day. And, while I still prefer the company of a good veggie (maybe a carrot), it was the best thing I've tasted in a while. I salved my guilt of indulging in the flesh by the fact that Sun Wah doesn't waste an iota of the animal. After a brilliant display of knife wielding by a chef at the table to come up with a plate of wings and thighs, the meat closer to the bone is taken back to the kitchen and made into soup and fried rice. To see the look of glee on my meat eating companion's eyes as they ducked in was both scary and warm holiday glowy! The orgy of duck is actually very decently priced, as was my dish for the evening - Lo Mein with ginger and scallions (which is apparently a native dish to Hong Kong). I was surprised by the amount of spice it contained though. It was one of the few vegetarian dishes on the menu (and just a warning, many of the ones that appear vegetarian contain fish sauce) but it was filling and just $4.00! And pretty good so it fulfilled the old saying, "good things come to those who wait." And wait we did. I understand that it was a holiday and packed (as one of the few things open) but our server would disappear for 20-30 minutes at a time. Waters would not get refilled and the dishes for those who didn't get duck would trickle in one by one. In short, and I know this isn't in the Christmas spirit of that day, the service sucked! And I've heard this lack of attention isn't limited to the holiday season. I mean, if they really want to convert me to the ways of the meat eater, they need to work on that. Wait. You know, come to think of it, it's not the myth of the magic duck is it? "I" can't remember what the "magic d" thing is really about though, so let's just stick with the duck.
