I swear I wrote a review of this place a while but a I can't find it. It was much wittier than this one will be since I don't want to take much time to write this. So, this place is cool. Nice space, it's hip and crowded all the time. But, I'm not sure why cuz the food is mediocre to good. First off, the whole "retail wine shop" thing they have were you pay the wholesale price and then a $7 corkage fee so you supposedly pay less for a bottle and the restaurant only makes a small profit seems a bit confusing a maybe a bit misleading but have them explain it and do some price comparison. I guess you can come in and just buy a bottle too, or when you dine, go to the back room that has table and try and not bother anyone and pick out a bottle from the ornate wall rack. After a bit of a wait we finally sat down and ordered things we heard about. We had to get the truffle egg toast cuz we had it in New York and it was redonkulous. Here? Not so much. A bit bland and the toast a bit bready and not eggy and truffly like we expected. Not worth the price. The honey ricotta dish was amazing, I'll give them that. Honeycomb on the side with a really really good homemade ricotta that comes in a mason jar with nice toasted bread. Yum, this was the best part of the meal.  We had some prosciutto as well as a side and it was fine but not enough for $8 and I've had better. We then ordered the spaghetti which was pretty nice and a decent enough small-plate version (I'm so sick of everything being small plates now, you end up paying more for food and getting less, but I guess you get to try more, I digress). The sgetti was creamy with peppercorns and some cheese. I liked but did not love. We skipped the pizza and went for the burger as our last dish. Bad choice. My fiancee really liked it and it didn't lack for flavor but the burger was beyond greasy. The bottom bun was soaked beyond soaked in grease. There was plenty of nice taste but it was almost overpowering. The bun was slathered in some greasy tart chesse and bacon fig jam. I'm not sure if it was the combo of all this or what but I felt like I had a film of grease on me after finishing the burger. Oh, and it was accompanied by some ok-whatever fries. We were stuffed so we skipped desert (desert menu was seen there done that). The wine we had was good (big selection from moderately-priced to expensive) and I had a standard moretti beer. and we bounced with a somewhat pricey bill for what we got but not terrible. Oh, and the service was good. That does count.
