My wife and I went to Revolution with the same beer loving couple that hit up Haymarket Brewery with us last month. Here's the visit. Ambience: The decor is great. Kinda rustic and hip. Loved the portraits hanging on the wall of distinguished fictional celebrities like Frankstein's Monster and Richie Tenebaums. Very warm and comfortable. Even though they did have double doors a draft would get in every now and then that affected my wife, but for me it was no biggie. Yes. They did have some televisions showing Sunday Night Football, which I liked, but it was easily ignored if one wished to and it didn't hinder the enjoyment of the nice atmosphere. The Service: I was warned by Yelp to expect not to be seated until our full party had arrived so when the hostess asked us to sit at the bar to wait for the rest of our group I was fine. I chatted with the friendly bartender about their homebrews and even though she pretty much told me "everything is good", which isn't what I wanted, I orderd their Bottom Up Wit to start things off. Good. Light. A little hoppy with a citrus finish. I could drink several of these. Our server Katie was fine. The restaurant was pretty much full and she had no problem checking up on us throughout the night and making sure we were content. Though there was a mix up on our bill that took some time to get remedied, she handled it fine and there was no drama. But oddly, like the bartender, she didn't really have an opinion on the food and drink when we were ordering. She went with the "everything is good" route as well. Maybe it's restaurant policy that employees must say that everything is good but I just wanted some opinions straight from the horses mouth especially since the restuarant is new to me. Oh well. Maybe everything is good. Or. Maybe not. The Food: I might be becoming a wing snob because even though their wings had good flavor and some good blue cheese sauce for dipping, I just wasn't crazy about them and probably wouldn't order them again. I think for the most part it was the texture. The wing was limp, not soggy or undercooked, but it just didn't have any real bite to it. The wing, though tasty, kind of seemed liked they were microwaved instead of fried. The blue cheese potato salad, that a co-worker of mine raved about, tasted like a blan potato salad and nothing special whatsoever. I didn't even taste any blue cheese. Kind of sad. My other appetizer I tried was the popcorn. Now I read a review that said that it was something I could have made at home and that it was medicore, but I'll disagree. The popcorn was great. A salty snack with just the right amount of bacon and thinly grated cheese that went awesome with my brew. Simple ingredients and certainly something worth spending $4 on. My Workingman Burger at first glance seemed like a clear winner. Large burger with onions, cheese, and bacon on a nice bun. What could go wrong? Well, for the most part it doesn't come with any sauce. Not that no sauce was the nail in the coffin for me but sauces are wonderful. Why not have one? So I took a bite of my big burger that I applied ketchup to and a few things hit me. Good bun. Great onions. Crispy bacon. So-so beef patty. Even though the beef was juicy and thick and looked wonderful, there wasn't much flavor to the meat and alas toppings can carry a burger only so far and I struggled towards the end to finish the thing. It was probably the beer talking but I ordered their Cinnamon Roll for a little dessert. Homemade Cinnamon Roll with bacon baked inside. Sounded awesome. I like bacon. Sadly the Cinnamon Roll tasted like it came from a grocery store and the bacon bites, though adding some fun and flavor, couldn't save the treat. Very passable. Beer: Clearly the winner here is the alcohol. Out of the homebrews I tried, the Coming Up Wit and Fistmas, were my favorite. Even though I'm not a huge pale ale fan the Fistmas had just the right amount of hoppiness to me and was quite good making me prefer it over the other IPA I tried, their Anti-Hero. If one doesn't want to go the homebrew way then they have a rotating selection of guest draft beers on tap and a pretty big bottled beer list. Win win. Conclusion: It's good. I would come back. There are plenty of positives here. But I wasn't wowed like i wanted to be and if I was forced to choose between Revolution or Haymarket I would have to go with Haymarket. Though both places have great beer the quality of the food tips the scale away from Revolution.
