Third time's a charm. After trying and being disappointed with two of Chicago's most famous pizza establishments -- Lou Malnati's and Giordano's -- I was beginning to think that a "to-die-for Chicago-style deep-dish pizza" was on the same level as the tooth fairy, the Easter bunny and Santa Claus...myth. Pequod's changed all that. Upon arriving we placed our names on the wait list, grabbed a menu and took a seat at one of the four benches outside of the restaurant. We decided on the large (14") pan pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms. After about 20 minutes our party was called, we were taken through the first floor of the restaurant, up the stairs and into the massive second level. Once seated we were given menus for a second time to see if we wanted to add appetizers, salads, etc. We decided on the Pequod Salad for our party of four with their homemade Italian dressing. The Pequod Salad came out a few minutes later -- Romaine lettuce with mozzarella cheese, peperoni, pepperoncini, black olives, green peppers, mushrooms, carrots, tomato and onion. Definitely a good choice. It was the perfect size for us to split. They didn't skimp on the toppings. And, the homemade Italian dressing as suggested by our server was delicious. As good as it was, you don't go to a place like Pequod's for the salad. A few minutes our pizza arrived -- 154 square inches (yes, I used an online calculator) of piping-hot pizza goodness. To save us from burning ourselves and making a mess of of the pizza, the server plated the first half of the pizza for us, using the square spatula to pick up the pizza and cut off the strings of melted cheese crawling from the pan onto our plates. Now the toppings on the pizza were, for the most part, comparable to both Lou Malnati's and Giordano's -- loads of pepperoni, thinly sliced mushrooms crisped by the oven, thick homemade tomato sauce and bubbling cheese. The difference, however, was found in the crust. At Lou Malnati's and Giordano's, the crust was too bready and even soggy because of all the sauce. But crust at Pequod's was heaven. They call it their "famous caramelized crust", an apt description. The crust was the perfect balance of buttery, chewy, crunchy, crispy, slightly-burned goodness. And at the edges, the cheese had melted to the side of the crust/pan to form a "halo" (their word, not mine) of caramelized cheesy/crusty deliciousness. In the end, that crust and that "halo" single-handedly saved Chicago's reputation for having a "to-die-for deep-dish pizza." For that all Chicago natives should be thankful. And, they should show their thankfulness by going to Pequod's. That's where we'll be next time we visit the Windy City.
