Went here the middle of July of this year for the first time but are just getting into the whole yelping thing so are playing catch up to review the places we've been. A bit of background: We watched "Throw Down" on FoodNetwork and saw a pulled pork duel. We decided that we HAD to have it. Not really having ventured in to the BBQ arena, bar some back yard jobbies, we yelped to find THE BEST BBQ in Chicago. Chicago q was high on the list, and close to home, but we first ventured to another place even closer to home, only to find it closed at 430 in the afternoon on a weekend (strike for them!). We went home and started looking at Chicago q's site and deciding if we should venture out again and try to get our dinner on there, and low and behold, the chick that beat Bobby Flay was the restauranteur at q! So we tried to go to Chicago q, only to find the only table available was for 1015pm (we had called at just around 6pm)! No go, cause we're STARVING! Fast forward to a month later, and we finally got to go! It was worth the wait in our opinion. Very nicely decorated. Posh-y but not stuffy; people wearing everything from a little black dress for a night on the town, to frat-type boys in shorts and collared shirts. We were seated upstairs next to the living room (VERY nice indeed...very homey!) Service was great. Our waitress was very helpful and attentive, as were the others that circulated around to fill our glasses and clean away our plates. The complimentary pickles and potato chips were fantastic! Andy had the onion rings as an appetizer and I had the hush puppies. Both were decent and large portions. The chipotle mayo they served with the hush puppies I could have eaten on it's own. We both had pulled pork sandwiches with fries as our mains (pork was amazing on it's own! and we eventually ditched the bun and had a go on it's own). The fries left a lot to be desired sadly (myself being a connoisseur of all things potato). The sauces were nice but we preferred the tomato based ones (I don't think Andy used any (although sampled them), and I used the spicy one (the others were okay, but I'm not a fan of the more vinegary ones). We also ordered a side of mac n cheese, but couldn't even attempt it, so we took it home for lunch the next day; it was okay (sounded better on the menu than actually was, but was not bad by any means). For dessert we shared the rhubarb and strawberry cobbler with cinnamon ice cream. It was very nice indeed. Very refreshing. I think for what you get here, it's quite reasonably priced. For two appetizers, two mains, one side, one dessert, two alcoholic beverages, and one cup o coffee, our total was under $80. Hoping to go back and try the ribs, as we saw someone getting them and they looked amazing. In the meantime, we continue our journey through Chicago's BBQ offerings.
