The Publican reminded me of places like Pastis in NYC... or anything that might pop up in the Meatpacking District or Murray Hill. And by that, I mean: full of yuppie douche. To give you an idea of the clientele: I sat alone at the communal table, conveniently sandwiched between two couples. One couple were talking about how the female half of the couple shouldn't buy a condo in a certain neighborhood because "I don't mean to sound racist but so many black people live there." Ummmm, yeah, you are racist. If you have to preemptively apologize or quantify a statement like that, I'll pretty much guarantee that you are being offensive. The other couple were there for the lady half's birthday, and the gentleman half suggested she try oysters. She did, gingerly, and then said "I don't like them." Based on the conversation, she doesn't like very much food in general. People, here's a news flash: oysters aren't an aphrodisiac because of any kind of magical substance contained therein. They're considered aphrodisiacs because they provide your date an analogue by which to gauge your enthusiasm for other salty slimy raw things you'll put in your mouth. If you're tepid or squicky, everyone's going to assume you are a sack of potatoes in bed. Or, at least, *I* will assume you're a sack of potatoes in bed. This just had to be said. Straight girls... I just don't understand them. OK, now on to the actual restaurant. I ordered the chicken. This dish was HUGE. I ate it for not only my meal in this restaurant, but my next 2 meals after that. It was good, but not amazing - just good, fresh chicken and asparagus (substituted for fries) and sausages. The maple tea I ordered was awesome, though. I haven't had anything quite like it before or since. I think it's cute/funny/helpful that the menu is arranged by portion size, from small to gigantic. My server was extremely friendly and kind of funny/bubbly. I liked him a lot. The decor is astonishingly well done from a lighting design standpoint. The serialized, but comparatively dim, multitude of round lamps overhead gives everyone in the restaurant a warm, chiaroscuro glow. You look like you're in a painting when you're in this restaurant. I wasn't amazed by the food I had, but probably more than any other restaurant I've ever been in - I would return here if I wanted the people I was with to think I was really, really beautiful. If you need to impress someone with your looks, The Publican will help you out.
