Go big or go home - 5 courses is half-assed - could be hit or miss, 10 courses will give you a clue, but if you really want to know a place, may as well go full force: 15 courses (20 tastings when you add everything + a bonus goody they comped me). Atmosphere: Spacious, dark, relaxed, hip. Jackets + jeans + Converses. Eclectic upbeat music. Casual fine dining that is actually casual and fine. Service: No idea what people are upset about - staff was nice as could be, knowledgeable, attentive but not annoying, and service was impeccable. I was in a rush and asked them to crank it and they paced it just right. It slowed down a bit as it got busier, but my pants were getting tight by that point, so it was OK. At max pace, the meal took 3 hrs, Food: Not perfect, some misses and some gems. Pretty but monotonous plating. Protein and cakes are not their strengths - the stuff that comes with them are what win me over. Sometimes heavy-handed with salt, most have at least 6-8 components, so flavors can be crazy complex, some in an awesome way, and some in a WTF way. This is molecular gastronomy that is not all up in your face - thank you for not putting foam in everything. Awesome: - Pumpkin Bisque (seasonal variation of their corn bisque) - fun mix-yourself dish, best soup in while. - Seared Foie - a perfect foie, and I've had a lot of this stuff. - Marcona almond/Medjool date/Lardo canape - %$&^#@. Yeah, that good. The best thing I had. - Foie gras lollipop - Not on the tasting menu but a must try - I usually think torchon is a waste of foie, after the initial WTF moment, it becomes obvious that pop-rocks and foie belong together. Like PB&J, peas&carrots, Brangelina. Very good: - Choco panna cotta/white choco-coconut gelato - best of the desserts. - Wagyu/bone marrow foam/sous vide egg - Steak and eggs people, done really really well. - Sturgeon, roasted apples/turnips/Chanterelles - Buttery, earthy. - Seared scallop/clam veloute - Delicate, buttery. Good: - Deconstructed Caesar & Twinkie - The salad is pointless, but the crouton filled with mascarpone made me happy. - Swordfish paella - Fish was OK, but everything else was incredibly complex and flavorful. - Roe/dill butter - Bouche was amused - Hot Toddy - A nice seasonal transition to desserts, very tart OK: - Persimmon cake/chevre butter - Berkshire pork - a bit bland, but good plantains - Lobster risotto - a shade undercooked, nothing special,love sea beans though - King crab/celery brulee - oversalted normal crab salad - Rum sponge cake/brown butter ice cream/passionfruit - cake was dry but ice cream was tasty. WTF: Interesting flavors, not sure if I like it or not... - Guinea hen/parsnip veloute/Tea with mushroom shavings - they wanted it to taste earthy or like the woods, which it does, but do I want to eat dirt and trees? - Sponge cake/bergamot/absinthe ice cream - very complex, don't think they make sense together. - Mochi trio - honey, fig, chestnut - each savory and sweet. very interesting yet bizarre, I'm confused. At the end the server said "Would you like anything else? Not that we have anything else." Overpriced? Yes. Glad I did it? Definitely.
