Garcia's can really scratch your itch for the cheap & greasy authentic-ish Mexican food, giant margaritas, and free chips & salsa that any normal person can (and should) crave 24/7. I say authentic-"ish" because I can't imagine that you could actually find such ridiculously huge burritos anywhere in Mexico itself. That's got to be a symbol of American gluttony, and all the glory of over-indulgence. And what a tasty burrito it is! My fiancee refers to them as little "baby torsos," because they are about the same size (I recommend the steak variety). Each bite leaves me feeling a little gross, but also extremely satisfied. Admittedly, the rice and beans is pretty much standard fare, and the chips & salsa are more than adequate in both the taste and artery-clogging department. I can't comment much on the more authentic dishes available (there's even menudo, which I hear is a rarity), but seeing them on the menu at least makes the whole experience seem a little more worthwhile. Don't expect good food service - if you live in the area, just call ahead and do carry out. It will save you the frustration of wondering if your waitress forgot to put your order in, and will also spare you the 20 minutes you will inevitably wait between the time you finish your meal and the time you actually get your check. But if you have an hour+ to kill, or have the itchin' for a big margarita, by all means stop in - the dining area is newly remodeled and larger, which is helping eliminate some of the longer wait times on the weekend. Sure, the undecorated solid white walls might remind you of an insane asylum, but when the food is good the decor doesn't matter that much, right? Prices are pretty cheap as well. Expect to pay about 10 bucks per person without drinks. If you go all fancy-pants and enter margarita-ville, you can still get by for under 40 bucks for a couple. Or you can just slum it like I do - order a burrito from carryout, and then return to the comforts of your tv tray, flat screen, and bottled beverage of choice, all for about 7 bucks.
