Why I try to hang out at places that I'm clearly not cool enough for, I have no idea. But I went to this place last night, because I wanted to see what people that are better than me are like. Found the plywood, signless facade in the rain and made my way through a chasm of curtains to the hostess stand. There were two of us and the rest of our friend's hadn't arrived yet so I broke out my phone to find their 20. Cute British hostess kindly told me there was no cell phone usage allowed so I took my conversation back through the curtains. Broken Social Scene was playing and I complimented the hostess on this, because I was worried she was going to kick me out for wardrobe unbecoming a chach. We thought we'd hang by the bar and have a drink while our friend's travelled, but at both bars there was only one stool available. There is no bar loitering allowed, if you're not seated you're not staying. So we were guided to a table in the back and handed an 11 page menu. I wanted so badly to ask if they had a good deal on PBR just to piss her off. Instead I ordered one of their five dollar microbrew's and my friend tried to order a vodka soda.  Server: "I'm sorry we don't have soda." Friend: "Seriously?" Okay, can I just get a vodka cran? Server: "Sorry no cranberry either." Friend: "Flavored vodka?" Server: "No" Friend: "Cum cocktails?" Server: "That we do have. Julio, mount up, we need another jizz julep." Finally my friend was able to order a glass of wine. I took a piss in one of the single person unisex bathrooms and as I was washing my hands I read the rules up on the mirror. Essentially no bombs of any kind, no grey goose, no cosmo's, no cell phone's, no improper wardrobe, no ball caps. Are you fucking kidding me with this place. We were booted after our second drink because apparently the night vision goggles I was wearing to see the person across the table from me didn't fit with their attire requirements. It's too bad they don't allow bombs, because I'd really like to blow this place up.
