All this time I thought I was not cut from the epicurious cloth. I squeal at the thought of eating someone's flesh off their bones; I can't even stand the thought of liver, a common protein to many Americans. But something inside me told me I needed to experience The Purple Pig, and so I did on a day I felt most daring... and after a glass of wine or two to lower those inhibitions. As it turns out, I love sweetbreads! Crispy, crunchy little nuggets of deliciousness they are. And scooched around in that apricot sauce? Devine. I had more than my share. It was the highlight of a five (small) plate dinner. From there it was a little downhill for me, I'm sorry to say. The fried deviled egg was just that, a whole egg with a liquidy center, deep fried. I see the point of deep frying a deviled egg, we do it simply because we want to see if we can. It's like Twinkies and Oreos, a little ridiculous, but hey! It's America, and we can fry if we want to. Unfortunately this appetizer would be better left off the menu.  The pig ears were actually my second favorite on the dinner, save for the fact that they were so incredibly salty. Sliced and then, there it is again, deep fried, these slivers of ear have a wonderful taste if you can power through the sodium overload. The bone marrow was our last course before dessert and the smell emitting from the bones was almost too much for me. Have you ever gone a little too long without using lemons or a cleaner to deoderize your garbage disposal? That, friends, is the stench wafting from those bones. I was a champ and tried it anyway, and I can't say I'm a fan of the texture, though I in no way hold that against PG, that's a personal taste I just don't possess. The intriguing dinner was capped off by two of the most delicious desserts I have had in a long while. Lemon and pistachio panna cotta, with sharp zings of lemon cooled by refreshing and light custard. And the nutty, chocolatey gelato they served that tasted like a Ferraro Roche. Superb. A few other tidbits: PG has an excellent wine list and you can buy by the glass, the half bottle, or full. They also have very tightly-packed communal seating, and a few tables and chairs, so plan accordingly. The wait is tremendous, so be prepared. Reservations are only for eight or more in a party.
