I dont know how to describe this place, except as exceptional! Theres really a lot I can say about the food and how delectable each and every morsel was, but I dont know if Yelp would allow me to write all of it :) So.. on that note the condensed version. Arrived here after hearing about this restaurant on a guided tour- they told us it was voted one of the best restaurants in the US. Instead of going our originally planned restaurant, we decided to head here the following night- and we were well aware of the wait time, so we came prepared!  The hostess took our name, indicating it was a 3 o 3.5 hour wait time, and she even took our phone number and said she would call before our table was free, so we deicded to (as we had planned) hit up a bar or two in the meantime, which honestly was the most FABULOUS idea ever!!! Time flew so quickly! Arrived here, and then was seated almost immediately, by some friendly waiters in a booth near the bar. After scoping out the menu, we ordered drinks. I ordered a mojito - which turned out fabulous, the boys ordered Chupacabra cerveza, and the other girls wine. Please note, although Frontera serves Rum, and Tequila, they do not have bacardi, grey goose, etc. I think they have Latin American/Mexican brands. So if you are looking for your fave boozy, dont count on it. That being said- the drinks were still really good. I really liked the muddled mint in my drink- made it extremely refreshing!  As an appetizer, part of the group ordered the queso fundida (cheese with chorizo), the trio trio trio (three types of ceviche, which I did not try), and sopes rancheros. The waiter brought a SUPER hot habanero salsa along out with our food- so hot that I could only use a few drops, and Im the type who survives off of sriracha and anything spicy! The best thing was that it actually tasted GOOD! The sopes were perfectly formed, and despite the sauce around it, the maza shell was not soggy and retained its shape! Genius!!!! The queso was the perfect amount of cheesy goodness (whenever its cheesy, its always goodness), and was served in a hot skillet with some chips. Perfectly cooked and just beyond amazing! For dinner, we ordered the flank steak (medium-well, even though I wanted it medium, but my friend wanted it a little more cooked), along with a side of black beans and rice. WOW! Those black beans were.. to say the least.. of the hook!!! What great flavor they had! The rice was good, and the flank steak was mouth wateringly fabulous! It came with a corn tamale which was also really great and not overly sweet like some restaurants make it.  Other orders on my table: pork loin- which was SO good!, the chicken tacos, which seemed ok; however, the guacamole it came with was phenomenal!  For dessert, Raspberry sorbet, which really tasted like a fruitroll up, haha! But still tasted good and twas definitely a palate pleaser,  Service was great- they brought us extra hot salsa without us even asking. They were courteous and extremely patient with us while we decided to order :)  On a side note- another customer in the bathroom was really rude, and a lady who was restocking stuff in the bathroom was gracious enough to apologize on her behalf. That is called courtesy!  We ate our food so happily! Because it was totally living up to the hype for once, which honestly is a rarity. We expected something a lot less than what we heard, but obviously we were wrong and I would totally make a trip back there again.
