Le Colonial had been on our list for 3 years, so maybe it was the build-up in our minds that led to my general disappointment. Ambience.... Was great, but (in addition to the wine prices) was probably the only thing "french" about our experience. It looked ike a cute little french restaurant, and I liked the experience of walking in. Service.... was mediocre. I was initally impressed that we were offered a vegetarian menu. However, we were sat out on a balcony with a huge draft, and I was shivering visibly. I asked to move to a warmer table, and they moved us to a table just one row in from the edge of the balcony. After appetizers, it started pouring, and we had to ask to be moved inside, though the rain was making its way in edgewise! Lastly, one of our entrees was cold when it got to our table. After all of the commotion to get to our mains, that was unacceptable. Our new waitress inside was gracious about it, which was nice. Food... was also mediocre, and not worth the money. As a vegetarian in 2012, I expect to go to a top-rated restaurant and be offered more than two versions of spring rolls (a crispy and a soft) and what amounts to 3 versions of tofu stir fry (one over noodles). Really? Sadly, everything we ordered I felt like I could get at one of the better places up on Argyle, if not a pan-Asian chain like Stir Crazy. We ordered the soft spring rolls, which came with a disappointingly uninventive chilli peanut sauce. We got the chilli tofu over wide rice noodles and the lemongrass tofu with portobello. I couldn't see any of the colonial influence in the food, either. Tasted like generic Asian food to me. Our desserts were also blah. There was one item on the menu that looked interesting, with bananas and tapioca. But everything else could have been the dessert menu anywhere. The "gourmet ice creams" on the menu were two scoop sof Ciao Bella for $7... those are available at the Jewel now. Gourmet? Really? Also, isn't gelato Italian? We got a creme brulee and a lemon tart. They were both average. Overall, this restaurant seems to lack focus on its core appeal, the French-Vietnamese. They need to find a way to be more inventive, and offer an experience that is both French AND Vietnamese, not one where each part of it is either French OR Vietnamese. To make this place worth the money, they need to differentiate the uniqueness of the food against plain old vietnamese take out. Until then, I'll order vietnamese takeout for $20 online instead of spending $130 like we did last night.
