Yes, it is a pain to get a reservation here, but it is well well worth it. This is sort of part of the charm of the place. It is just a bunch of chefs that run the place who don't really care about reservations, waiters, hostesses etc. They invite you into their home for one of the most amazing meals you'll ever have. For my meal we went for my 30th birthday. We had our meal pushed back because they were hosting Charlie Trotter on the day of our original reservation. Michael Carlson called us personally and apologized and promised to make up for it, and he absolutely did. We went with the full menu, you shouldn't choose anything else. The courses followed along with the menu, then they brought out a single ravioli that was not on the menu. Our chef explained that the truffle he was shaving on the top of the ravioli cost more than he made in a month. It was the most fantastic taste I have ever had in my life. One of the most memorable courses was the lamb brains with morel mushrooms. Right when they were put at our table some death metal started playing on their in restaurant music system. It was cathartic sitting there eating brains listening to heavy metal pulse on the sound system. One reviewer complained about the music. It is eclectic and different, but I thought it added rather than detracted from the experience. Just be aware, these are just some chill dudes making you some awesome food. Having it be BYOB made it even more amazing. We brought a few bottles of wine and beer had some left over Trotter wine (which was awesome!). We just asked the chefs to match what they thought would go well with each course and they did an awesome job of mixing in the beer and the wine for each course. At the end of the meal they created a special dessert for my birthday. Then the check came and it was just a single number on a piece of paper that was less than the number of people * the menu price. They just chose a number. This was a phenomenal experience specifically because it was so different. These guys care about creating amazing food that easily rivals meals I've had at Alinea, Trotters, and Tru. An amazing experience, keep calling, it's worth it.
