To be quite frank, I didn't go into Tru with the highest expectations. I had mixed feelings about Rick Trumonto after seeing him on Iron Chef and Top Chef Masters, but Tru has been on our list of restaurants to try for a long time, so in the name of crossing things off lists, we went.  It has been a while since we did a tasting, so we did the Chef's Tasting menu. I also had two drinks, a sake-martini and the aperitif, both were phenomenal, especially the aperitif. The Chef's Tasting menu started with the faux caviar, which was very good. It surprisingly did taste like caviar. It was on a layer of avocado which I probably could have done without. It also came with some crackers that were pure buttery goodness. The next dish was the beet dish. I am not a big fan of beets, this was however, my favorite beet preparation to date. The beets tasted like fruit, rather than a funky root. The third item was the pea soup, I'm a HUGE fan of pea soup, and this one did not disappoint.  The next dishes were two "meat" dishes which were not as great as the first three. The rabbit dish was a little bland, the wagyu beef ravioli was a little salty (the medallion of foie gras in the middle was still heavenly) and there was nothing remarkable about the broth. The next dish was a halibut and carrot dish, while I'm not a huge carrot fan either; I was pleasantly surprised that I enjoyed the concentrated carrot sauce. The fish was cooked perfectly; it practically melted in your mouth. The veal dish was very good as well, I especially enjoyed the selection of mushrooms it came with.  The next dish was the cheese course. While we could barely understand the "cheese expert," we managed to order three different cheeses each. All the cheese were significantly different and all so very delicious. We ended with the desert course which was raspberry sorbet and yuzu crme, quite satisfying. We also got to have a selection of dessert candies from the pastry chef and a earl grey tea filled truffle - all very good.  I also want to say, we really liked our server and the support serving staff. I just felt that they all just seemed in sync - no one was really off or strayed from the "mood" of the servers.  Like many of my 4-star reviews, I was torn between 4 and 5 stars. In these situations, I tend to give 4 stars. Maybe there is a fatal flaw in going to these types of "fancy" restaurants in that I set my expectations too high. I wish the rabbit and wagyu dishes stood out more, and I wish there was a chocolate dessert.
