YUUUUUM! Now that's what I'm talking 'bout! A group of four lovely ladies showed up for our 8 pm reservation & were told it would be a few moments, but to have a seat at the bar. We look over and 4 seats had just opened up - score! We all ordered a glass of wine & ooo'd & ahhh'd over all the food that was on other tables. I was starting to get a bit cranky due to the wait, but just as that happened I heard "Jennifer? Your table is ready." YYYYEEESS! We walked outside & then upstairs to a perfect 4 person table. We already had our beverages, so we were ready to order in a flash! One order of mussels please! One order of caprese salad too! Mmmm, they came out together & were finished within minutes. The tomatoes & mozzarella were absolutely divine. Just the right amount of fresh, thick tomato slices with the perfect amount of mozzarella & basil. YUM! The mussels were good too, but I was too wrapped up in my salad to have more than a few. We then ordered our entrees. One order of spaghetti with a tomato cream sauce & scallops please! One order of rigatoni with sausage, tomatoes, and garlic please! Yes, we'd like to split those. The entrees came out in record time, which I was totally ok with. The split the dishes accordingly & we all began to chow down. The spaghetti with scallops was absolutely divine. The tomato cream sauce was perfectly creamy, salty, and delicious. The spaghetti was perfectly al dente, while the scallops were cooked just the way I like them - firm, but also easy to cut with a fork. I mean this is a dish I will crave for the years to come (luckily I live in Chicago!). The rigatoni was just ok - I feel as if I've had it before, you know? We then ordered two desserts. One order of puff pastry with pistachio ice cream in the middle please! One creme brulee too! Both were delicious & devoured in seconds. While I ended up getting chocolate ALL over me, it was totally worth it. All in all Mia Francesca was delicious & definitely worth going to again & again & again! To top it off our bill was only $115.00 for the 4 of us. What's that you say? Yes, too good to be true!
