I just recently experienced Glenn's for the first time. I have always liked the way it looks and am a big fan of seafood, so I was excited to try it. I arrived at around 5:00 on a Wednesday to a nearly empty restaurant. (A single man was eating at one of the tables.) When I said I was waiting for my dinner partner to arrive (she was parking her car down the street), I was told I could wait at the bar, which struck me as sort of funny, given all the open tables. But ok, no big deal--just a little unfriendly. We were interested in learning more about a couple of the entrees, so we asked our waiter to tell us how they were prepared and learned that everything we had asked about was made with cream sauce, which we weren't in the mood to have. So I asked what he recommended that wasn't made with cream and he got angry and told me I was being presumptuous. I was so surprised by his odd response, but felt sorry for the guy, who, I assumed, must have been having a terrible day. When I asked if they might have fresh oysters since I'd seen Oysters Rockefeller on the menu, the guy had a mini-meltdownt and gave us a mini-lecture about the size of the kitchen not allowing for a raw bar. I had no idea, having never been there, of course, but by then we were thinking this guy must have just lost his dog or something and was unable to control himself. Unfortunately, that was only the start of an awful experience. The fish was dry as a bone--and I am not a picky eater, but my theory is that I can tolerate nasty people if the food is good. Not the case here. We ate what we could and then were finishing our wine when we were informed that we had to vacate the table. Another surprise. But we had ordered tea, too, so we asked if it wouldn't be too much trouble for us to finish our meal before leaving--and said this with as much good humor and laughter as possible. At that, our waiter all but lunged at us. This was a freaky experience. I so wanted to like this place and have heard that some people do like it, but it was stunningly weird. I've never been treated so badly and for such mysterious reasons. Onward!
